droidinfo has some benchamrking features .
the amazon kindle store and the google android market are different stores . apps you buy in one store are not honored in the other store . you can install the amazon store on your nexus one pretty easily , so you will be able to use apps you buy on your fire on your nexus one . but going the other way is more trouble ( it currently requires you have rooted your kindle fire ) . see how can i get the android market installed on my kindle fire ?
is there something like : people app -> press the menu button bottom right ( the 3 vertical dots ) -> settings -> sort list by
if your phone is rooted , you have the option of placing the key in a ' protected ' area in which any application requesting to access the file would need to be given root access by you . this provides very little protection in the case of an attacker gaining physical access to your phone . you can also create a key that requires a pass-phrase to be entered in order to unlock and use the key . you should consider spending four or five additional seconds in order to login to your server in order to protect your assets . as previously mentioned , android is moving towards full disk encryption , which will substantially increase security of the device in general .
i use ssh in a terminal . so the private key is protected simply by the unix filesystem and android 's user-per-app design : only better terminal emulator pro can read id_rsa , and only ssh and other programs i am aware of run under it . whatever your app is , it need only do this to enjoy the same security from other apps . full-sdcard encryption , unless it comes packaged with a filesystem having a comparable system of permissions , will not protect your data from other apps .
there is an app called screen resolution that will tell you the , ummm , screen resolution : ) what device do you have , i have seen some specs for devices coming with a 12.1 mp camera , mostly by sony ericsson , but i do not think they are out yet , so it is possible that the manufacture is not lying .
there is another app called device dicoverer that give you a lot information about your device . you can also send info by email or you view you info on site . info stored anonymously i am the developer : ) i hope that will help you
you should be able to use Settings &gt; About phone &gt; Hardware information &gt; Display e.g. on my phone , it says "3.7 inch wvga resolution " ( then of course , you would have to discover what wvga is . . . ) the hardware information screen should also tell you the camera specs too .
if you follow much the same path that nick suggested , but instead go to Settings &gt; Display &gt; Display Resolution it should show you the options for your screen resolution . as for your photos , take a picture , put it on your computer and check the resolution . and let us know if you actually have a 12.1 mp camera ! ! : )
you can visit this site from your phone 's web browser which will show you your screen resolution , android version and device id .
there are many sites you could visit ( from the browser ) that will give you this detail . ex : http://ocupado.eu/info
you might want to check how frequently is it okay to let the battery discharge fully or as low as possible ? and a : although i was told to charge my android device before first use , it was already charged . ha… for this , which include corresponding hints . some basic stuff here , though : wikipedia holds a detailed article on lithium-ion batteries . for your question , the answer is mentioned there as follows : li+ batteries have a self-discharge rate of approximately 5–10% per month , compared to over 30% per month in common nickel metal hydride batteries , approximately 1.25% per month for low self-discharge nimh batteries and 10% per month in nickel-cadmium batteries . they last longer if not deeply discharged ( depleted ) before recharging . the smaller the depth of discharge , the longer the battery will last . batteries may last longer if not stored fully discharged . as the battery self-discharges over time , its voltage gradually reduces . when depleted below the low-voltage threshold of the protection circuit ( 2.4 to 2.9 v/cell , depending on chemistry ) it will be disabled and cannot be further discharged further until recharged . it is recommended to store batteries at 40% charge level . ( emphasis mine ) from that you can deduce : if the manufacturer behaved responsibly ( which we may assume ) , the battery was charged at about 40% when leaving the factory . assuming it took at least a month to get to you ( it was at store as well , so it should have taken that long or longer ) , and consider the fact you bought it 6 month ago , the battery was not charged for at least 7 months . self-discharge rate , according to the article , is 5-10% per month -- so your battery is pretty empty now , and most likely already about to enter the " dangerous level " of deep-discharge . conclusion : you should at least check it twice a year ( once every 6 month ) and make sure to charge it up to ~40 . . 50% when not using it .
this turned out to be a problem with my router - earlier today i also noticed that i could not connect to my printer either - it seems like the router had gotten in a weird ap isolation mode or something like that somehow - i rebooted it and i can connect to the s4 as expected now .
i got an answer , download sliderwidget and reduce the media volume . in short the media volume is controlling the volume of ussd pop up notification .
not exactly . here is what i ended up doing . maybe it will work for you : in my case , i wanted an appointment to appear at a specified time on the last day of the month and remind me 1 hour early . i ended up making my appointment on the 1st day of every month and then setting reminders to sms message me 25 hours early and 24 hours early , respectively . it seems that if you want it exactly on the last day , most people resort to setting up 12 separate appointments , one for each month , that repeat annually . but , then you will have that 29th day of february to deal with as was the case this year . mine worked anyway . . .
the device does not run on the charger . it will always run on the battery , unless the battery is not present . the discharge you see can be from just applications on the device running in the background . the charger stops charging the battery when it reaches full status . note that this may not be 100% , even on a brand new battery . my battery does not charge past 96% any longer . once it reaches that , it reports full and the device stops charging the device . the device stops charging once the battery reports full so it does not over charge and damage the battery . this is why you probably see that the battery is at 98% after leaving it on the charger for a while . it does charge full ( any probably to 100% , or close to it ) but then the device stops charging once it is full . it wont just start charging the battery again when it drops below full , because this can also damage the battery if it was constantly charging/not charging the battery .
as matthew already stated , there is no unique answer possible to your question -- all depends on your usage patterns . generally spoken , i would say moving app data should be preferred : if you move the dalvik cache , it would affect all your apps -- while moving the app data only affects apps which store some data ( and by " some " i mean " data size exceeds their dalvik-cache size" ) , so a good guess is it affects only a few apps . but this can very well be those apps you are using most , and which heavily access their data -- so it may or may not be the better choice in some cases . guess you have got to try . i would suggest starting with the app data . a class 10 card should provide sufficient speed -- so if the results are acceptable to you , stay with this . otherwise , go back and try with the dalvik cache . if this is not acceptable either , the only choice left is buying a new device with bigger internal storage . . .
i have seen this on occasion on mine . it seems to be a software issue , triggered by certain usage patterns . this post on xda-developers has some info on how you may be able to trigger it . that community seems to be hoping that the 4.1 jelly bean update will include a cure .
try deleting the temporary file that is 36mb in size and re-start the download again this time . please include the method in how you are downloading the update - if you are using kies , be sure to exit kies first completely , then look for that temporary file ( it will be in a hidden spot within the temporary directory under windows - not sure of the path C:\Documents And Settings\Users\XXXX\Local Data ** or ** C:\Documents and Settings\Users\XXXX\Application Data or similar ) you can easily find that out by searching for it depending on where the windows environment variabel $temp points to .
please try this : DIR_RESULT=$(adb shell if [ -d "/data/textdata" ]; then echo "exists"; else echo "not exists"; fi; ); 
i tried this on an avd and it works for me : ls /data/textdata &gt; /dev/null 2&gt;&amp;1 &amp;&amp; echo "exists" || echo "not exists" 
no . motorola really did a shitty job of patching the ics rom for the xoom2 me . the ir blaster did not work for a couple months , and this speaker bug is indeed software . there is an app by wyrm on the play store that fix some of the speakers issues : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfix https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfixfree it needs root . if your problem is fixed by the app , send some dough the dev 's way by buying the donationware paid version . also thanks to the team behind the http://xoom2me.blogspot.com.br/ blog for the savior post .
from the android stock email app , you can permanently delete emails if you access the trash folder and delete them from there : select and email to delete and touch the delete icon ; access the Trash folder ; repeat step 1 inside the trash folder for the same email . with this steps , the email gets permanently deleted from your account . i have tested this steps just now to be sure . anyways , i did not find any setting within the app or account preferences , in order to do this more seamless !
as far as i have seen this always happens when you use imap to access a gmail account , it used to happen to me years ago when i used thunderbird mail to connect to gmail over imap . the easiest thing to do is just to hide the folder in the web view of gmail , just hover your mouse over the " imap/trash " label and you should see a small downward pointing arrow one the label , click this and you should see the option to hide the problem label from both the " message list " and the " label list " .
you can use android debug bridge ( adb ) shell to issue basic linux commands on your phone , just like you would in a terminal emulator app . to install you will need to do the following : on the phone go to Settings -&gt; About phone , and tap on " build number " seven times . this enabled developer tools . go back to the main settings screen and you should now see Developer options under the " system " section . go to Developer options , enable " android debugging " option , and then tap OK on the verification prompt . on your pc download the android sdk tools from here . you can either download the whole sdk , or just the stuff necessary to connect to your phone , which is on the same page , under " download for other platforms -> sdk tools only " section . install the tools you just downloaded . download and install the usb drivers for your phone ( usually provided by the manufacturer . ) re-connect your phone to the pc with a usb cable . open command prompt ( assuming windows , ) navigate to where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . " c:\android-sdk\platform-tools\" ) and type in the following : adb devices if all of the above was done successfully , a prompt should pop up asking you to allow connections from this computer . accept the pairing request , and the prompt should show your phone 's id . if this does not happen - it usually means that the drivers are not installed correctly . back at command prompt , type in adb shell and press enter , and you should be connected to the phone 's terminal . this should get you started . adb commands are listed on google 's site here . the shell provides some basic linux commands like ls , cp , etc . be aware that most file and device management commands will require root ( i.e. . elevated privileges , ) which is a separate topic .
alternatively to the adb variant described by chahk ( which requires at least a minal installation of adb on your computer ) , you can install a ssh server app on your device ( examples include , but are not restricted to , ssh server , digisshd , servers ultimate ) . then you can use the ssh command on linux/mac , or a tool like putty on windows , to connect to your device and run shell commands , as if you were using a terminal app on the device itself .
no , it is not possible . an update by default saves all files and settings . but you should do a factory reset before giving it to the service people ( be sure to backup all files before resetting ) . to reset , goto settings > backup and reset > factory reset after you press ok , your phone will be reset and all old files , apps , settings , etc will be deleted .
if you ever give your phone to a repair person or a rep at a carrier store you should assume your data can and will be looked at . unfortunately , i saw this all the time while working for verizon . we had reps that could not wait to get their hands on a phone and start looking through pictures and other private files of customers . i have actually seen reps save customers pictures to their own device ! it is one of the many , many reasons i quit . bottom line : anything on your phone can potentially be accessed and seen .
in theory , probably , no -- https://groups.google.com/d/msg/proot_me/h3rdv8na9kc/4mscyosx28uj ! with the help of proot , which would simulate chroot ( otherwise requiring being root ) . https://sites.google.com/site/taldewandroid/ is a working implementation of this idea for the opnwrt distro ( not yet ubuntu though ) .
yes . see this method or this one , for example . as per eldarerathis ' comment , these are both for running ubuntu in a chroot environment .
one current work around would be to create a draft in gmail that has the signature and use it in the mobile app .
the gmail app states that signature can only be in text form- no mention of html .
the gmail app does not support html signatures , like you noticed only the actual html code will be sent and displayed . you may want to try k9 or touchdown .
there is a solution for gmail for mobile browsers . when you do not use a mobile-specific signature , your desktop email signature from your main gmail settings will be used . but , not the gmail app . go figure !
go to the market and get the app enhanced email . this will allow you to do it . it does cost $2.99 , but hey i believe its worth it if this guy has support and no one else does .
there is an open ticket to the gmail application team via the android project to address this . please vote for the issue if you wish to see html signature support in the native gmail application . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17752
this is a known bug with android 4.4.2 kitkat . google is aware of it and are promising a fix with the next update . according to the google code discussion , simply killing the responsible app is not enough to stop the drain . a reboot is always necessary . uninstalling the app seems to be the only sure way to avoid having this happen in the first place . skype seems to be the most frequent culprit because its background services seem to interface with the camera , triggering android 's bug . it is recommended to temporarily uninstall such apps until google releases the fix .
the only way to remove your main google account is to factory reset the phone which removes everything . your best bet will be to download an app that can backup your sms to a file .
i have tried several apps before . this is the best stand alone sms backup .
you should be able to do this through an app called tasker . check out useful or cool tasker recipes , you may be able to modify one of those scripts to do what you want .
you could also use alarm clock plus , it allows you to set an app to launch when the alarm goes off . http://www.appbrain.com/app/alarm-clock-plusv2%e2%98%85/com.vp.alarmclockplusdock
from the fring for android user manual , do this after starting a video chat : to switch camera , press the switch button on the left side . if it does not work on the nexus s , it is probably because they have not had time to fix it since yesterday . you can report a bug on their forum .
check out volume control + . this app lets you control the volume for the following : media , ring , notifications , in-call , alarm , system . each sound profile ( e . g . silent , vibrate , general ) can be configured .
these instructions are pretty hard to follow but should work : root insntructions
take a look at this thread on xda-developers forums . there is a good discussion with presets for handbrake ( conversion software ) that should work well for gtab 10.1 . basic settings are as follows : video : h . 264 codec , mp4 container , picture width 1200 , constant quality with rf:20 , loose anamorphic with modulus 16 . audio : aac format , 128 bitrate .
video the galaxy tab 10.1 will work best with mp4 files ( h . 264 encoding ) at 720p ( 1280x720 ) . do not use entropy coding . i am noticing a few problems with it ; it could be the video / my setup though and not the device itself . use a constant bitrate at a reasonable quality level ( rf:20 should be good , or around 1000kbps ) . maximum b-frames should be set to 0 , and reference frames to 4 or 5 . audio as far as audio goes you should be fine with most anything ; a samplerate of 48 and a bitrate of 160 should be good . make sure to downmix to stereo . aac is probably you best bet for the codec . summary more information can be found here and here ( though you might want to experiment a bit with some of the advanced settings if you feel that you need them—probably not a big deal though ) . audio : aac with bitrate of 160 , samplerate of 48 ; downmix to stereo video : h . 264 in an mp4 wrapper at 720p ( 1280x720 ) at a constant bit rate
your steps are correct and i would add to the end of the list to remove the rooting as well . two sites that will provide the majority of the information you are looking for are android forums and xda developers edits : video and guide - how to root the htc desire ( unrevoked method ) video and guide - how to load a custom rom on the htc desire in order to backup your stock rom , after you root your phone and before you install a custom rom you will need to install " rom manager " ( available in the market ) . after " rom manager " is installed and you start it you will need to install clockworkmod recovery ( the first option in rom manager ) . once the custom recovery is installed , look further down rom manager 's menu and you will see an option to backup your current rom , which is what you want to do . once the backup is made copy the file to your computer so you have a secondary backup . in fact , copy the entire contents of your sd card to your computer because sometimes the card is formatted or wiped during the install of some roms . that will get you started but definitely do a lot of research so you understand what you are doing and more importantly what options are available . there are probably 30 roms available for the desire and they all offer something different . you will have to find the one that you like the most in order to get the best experience .
if you root or install a custom rom you void your warranty . it does not matter if you undo it . you might be less likely to be caught , but that depends on the carrier/manufacturer . and if you are running a custom rom and your phone breaks , you will often not be able to restore the backup ( depending on how it broke ) . if you want to keep your warranty , do not do anything that is against its terms .
as @roxan seemed to be indicating , there is a legal suit against htc in which apple claimed a patent on this ability to convert clicking on phone numbers and email addresses into actionable links on smartphones . this december 2011 article says : apple also has civil patent infringement cases against htc and samsung . both asian rivals have also filed their own retaliatory actions to the itc and in u . s courts and this article indicates apple opened four lawsuits ( as of february 2012 ) against samsung for patent infringement , including the ability to make phone numbers clickable . so it looks as if other manufacturers may be rolling back this feature early , for fear of apple 's patent troll tearing down their towns and eating their goats ( and your ability to click phone numbers ) .
what about transferring the data from your tablet to your computer and then from your computer to your phone ? besides that , i think your phone is too old to be recognized as a disk drive on your tablet anyway . some tablets can read data via usb from sticks/phones , but i think this does not support phones like yours .
at least one of the usb devices would need support for host-mode usb - which is a hardware feature and therefore can not be upgraded via software - and the other needs to report as mass storage usb device . since your tablet has otg ( =host-mode usb ) support it may be a simply compatibility issue . bluetooth may be an option , but it is slow .
turn it on , then go into hangouts and turn it off . actually i really wanted to write/receive sms from hangouts , but it did not quite work well . sometimes i could not even reply to the message . so yeah . i disabled it and no nag ever since .
you can write your own using this cam api tutorial .
in terms of jpeg to png , there are apps out there for conversion ( based off of a quick search ) , one of them being : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.valsior.resizer also , if you have a samsung device , i found this little tidbit that caused someone to save all their images as pngs : http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-note-2/669470-camera-saves-images-default-png-format.html . even then , they only save as this format after passing through samsung 's proprietary photo editor app on the person 's note ii . in terms of pure shooting in png , though , camera fv-5 appears to be the only choice . :/ hope this helped , and if anyone finds another app that can perform this function , i would be interested in checking it out as well !
jpeg with 100% compression quality is not lossless but maybe the picture quality will be good enough for you , here are two apps i know which has the ability to set the compression quality to 100%: snap camera hdr ( jpeg quality : best = 100% according to the developers website ) , trial here camera mx
from what i can tell , it looks like motorola is not offering that at launch but will try to support it in future upgrades : official motorola faq unless i am reading that wrong .
i think this stackoverflow answer should point you in the right direction : all of the native code for an app is stored in the libs/ directory in the root of the apk . it is compiled arm or x86 code , or both . you can find it in libs/architecture_type/lib_name . so . you can dissemble the code with objdump or gdb . decompiling is a much harder task , but you can find some software that might work for you .
an apk is also an archive so unarchive it on a computer ( with tools like 7-zip ) and look at its content .
at least on older phones the unlock codes work directly from the dialing interface . try to enter the code as if you were calling it ( from the dialer ) .
i have solved the problem . the device has a custom rom and you cannot unblock them so . i had to flash the device with a stock one and odin and then it asked me for network key .
there is an option in security settings : power button instantly locks screen : https://www.dropbox.com/s/z80ckhnd5nmyrmj/screenshot_2012-05-21-21-04-15.png
there is a keyboard better that that of blackberry : swiftkey x . believe me , you will love its artificial intelligence based suggestions . it learns from your typing habits to suggest you better . and , it can learn from twitter , facebook , gmail and rss feed too ( quick learning ) .
you can try default android keyboard . search for gingerbread keyboard or icecream sandwich keyboard in play store .
you have to use fastboot . that is all . this is from my command line command history : 532 . /fastboot-mac flash bootloader bootloader-crespo4g-d720sprke1 . img 533 ls 534 . /fastboot-mac reboot-bootloader 535 . /fastboot-mac flash radio radio-crespo4g-d720sprkh1 . img 536 . /fastboot-mac reboot-bootloader 537 . /fastboot-mac flash recovery recovery . img 538 . /fastboot-mac flash boot boot . img 539 . /fastboot-mac flash system system . img 540 . /fastboot-mac flash userdata userdata . img 541 flashboot erase cache 542 . /fastboot-mac erase cache 543 . /fastboot-mac oem lock`
7.2.0 is considered to be a stable build for droid 2 global . have you tried doing a full wipe before flashing the zip ? of course , you had need to unbrick it first .
since the calendar app syncs with google calendar - why do not you create a " test " calendar , add events to that calendar and then delete the calendar from a web browser on your computer ? i just did this myself and it worked fine .
according to the download page of htc sync manager , htc desire phones should be supported . in my case when i first started the application it started loading all my media files from my pc ( which took some time ) . after everything was loaded , the music etc was stored in my media gallery of the htc sync manager . if you want to disable the synchronisation of your phone on connect , disable the option " automatically start sync when device is connected " under the more tab . in my case that tab was only available when you connect your phone ( probably to be able to use different settings for multiple phones ) . so maybe you should just try to reinstall the latest htc sync manager , because it should work for your phone too . just be a little patient .
the disable the option " automatically start sync when device is connected " under the more tab did not work for me . even after this is unchecked , it still starts the program when i connect my phone . sometimes i am just looking for the charge . yet i have to wait for the program to load on each plug-in , then manually disable . real pain .
i am on 2.3.5 in the basic " messages " app you can go to the message , clicknhold , view message details . there it shows all recipients . there is a " reply all " option after you click and hold .
the first thing i would try to do is to retrieve the logs of the errors via adb , and/or crash dumps . retrieving the logs is tricky , since the log cache gets erased on reboot . if the phone reboots even while sitting on a charger , try running adb logcat continuously ( you will need android sdk and usb drivers installed and configured on your pc . ) when the phone reboots , look at the last several pages in the command prompt window for any errors or abnormalities . if you can not reproduce the reboots while the phone is hooked up to usb , i suggest installing an app like alogcat , and setting it up to write logs to the sd card on an interval . hopefully you will get lucky and catch the errors that way . you can also try pulling out the crash dumps via the following commands : su cat /proc/last_kmsg &gt; /mnt/sdcard/last_kmsg  this should create a file named " last_kmsg " on your sd card that contains last few debugging messages from the kernel . open it with any text editor and see if anything obvious shows up .
you can install the android sdk and use ddms to monitor the logcat . the thing with a logcat , it is cleared when the device reboots , but you may be able to get an idea of what is crashing if you are monitoring it before it reboots . you can probably also find unofficial cm9 nightlies for the galaxy s2 , but i am not sure what issues still exist for that device .
i had the same problem but in the few minutes it gave me each time i experimented and found that it stopped crashing if i went to the network update in the settings , even though there is no update available . it now works but i would annoying needing to do that every time .
i had a similar random-rebooting problem , and after one such reboot , i hooked up the phone to my laptop and ran " adb bugreport " on it . i got what looked like useful information , and attached it to the bug . so i think at least some log information survives a reboot . here 's the bug , btw : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=24118
you can try alogrec , and if you like it , the donate version . written by the same programmer that wrote alogcat , it continuously records the log ( logcat ) to your sd card . i have not tested it for how it reacts with restart from a crash , but i tested with a manual restart and the recorded log survived the restart and could see the shutdown sequence being logged . one downside is the log does not include timestamps . my t-mobile s ii had been crashing ( restarting ) when using basic features - ending a call ( once ) , taking a picture ( once ) or using navigation ( 3 times ) . i upgraded from ics 4.0.3 to 4.0.4 . so far it has been good . i wish i had known about alogrec while i was having these restarts .
you can not ssh from your phone to your mac when using mobile data because you are no longer on the same network , and thus can not use the internal ( rfc1918 ) address to reach it . when you are using wifi , it works because you are on the same network . in order to reach your computer when using mobile data on your phone , you must do both of : ssh to your computer 's public ip address ; and forward port 22 from your home router to the computer you want it to reach .
what exactly have you tried so far and what happened ? in any case , unrevoked should work to get you root . there is a step-by-step here on xda .
if you use a headset when listening to your music , and that headset has a button ( usually for accepting incoming calls ) , you might want to take a look at the many headset controller apps at google play . they allow you to play/pause with a short single press , skip forward/backward with double/triple click , adjust volume with holding the button , and much more . as not every app/headset/device combination works 100% satisfying , do not give up on the first try if it does not work out " ideally " -- but try the next one . took me 3 tries to find the perfect match for my device/headset : )
here are some apps to suite your needs : tactile player – control android music player using hard buttons " tactile player is my favorite tool which gets the job done and i must say , this one is a must for any music addict who wants to change songs using android’s hard buttons or play/pause the current playing song . when you are listening to music and don’t want to unlock android’s lock screen , simply enter the following commands press the volume up button two times to play the next track . press the volume down button two times to play the previous track . press the power button three times to pause or play the currently playing soundtrack . it works and the best part is that there are no settings and absolutely no configuration required on your music player app . the only catch is that the tactile player app must run in the background or else the default music player app won’t be able to receive your commands via the volume and power buttons . " simply lock screen – replace android’s default lock screen and add multimedia controls " simply lock screen is a wonderful lock screen replacement app for android which comes packed with basic multimedia features . you can show clock , date , time and media buttons on the lock screen itself , thereby allowing you to control the order of songs that is being played by android’s default media player app . simply lock screen adds three buttons on it’s lock screen , so you can play a previous or next track or pause the current one by tapping the respective buttons on the lock screen itself . this one is a good choice if you are looking for a better lock screen replacement with added features . "
it has not been updated since november , and was removed from the official market , but as far as i know it is still around . you can get it from http://android.modaco.com/content/software/320350/19-nov-r14-visionary-one-click-root/
you might be able to use an automating app like ifttt or automateit , etc to tell your phone to take any contact you save to the phone and copy it to exchange . i have not found ifttt to be that good for anything other than automatic social sharing but i have not checked for what you want to do , and there are many others automating apps .
according to the manual of your phone , you can not set a default save location , but on page 49 , it is mentioned that if you use " people " , you are prompted to select the desired location for the new contact : from the home screen , tap " menu " > " people " . on the " all " tab , tap " add contact " . select the " contact type " , for example google or microsoft exchange activesync . this determines which account the contact will sync with . for more information , see “ways of getting contacts into your phone” in this chapter . in the name field , enter the first and last name of the contact , then tap ok . enter the contact information in the fields provided . press " back " if you want to close the onscreen keyboard first and easily scroll through the other fields . tap " save " .
that does not seem to be possible . afaik , transition effects are tied to the launcher .
you can try to find a launcher similar to the stock one . you should know that the launcher only changes the look of the homescreens and app drawer . they can also be customized pretty much .
what i would try the following : remember to try to connect to the laptop between each stage and if it still doesnt connect , go to the next step . doublecheck that your phone can connect to another computer , since my list assumes that the problem is on the pc , and not any settings on the phone . use a short usb cable without extenders , and use the best usb port to make sure that your phone gets enough power and speed for the connection . if you have a blue usb port ( usb3.0 ) in your laptop , use that one and use the stock usb to micro usb 3.0 cable . make sure your phone is up to date by going into " settings"-> " general"-> " about device"-> " software update " -> " update " in early stages of new samsung updates , you need to do it via kies . check for an update via your other pc ( desktop ) . open kies -> " tools " -> " firmware upgrade and initiation " reinstall kies and make sure kies is up to date ( under " help"-> " check for update" ) reinstall the usb driver . open kies -> " tools " -> " troubleshoot connection error " reinstall the usb driver manually . http://developer.samsung.com/android/tools-sdks/samsung-andorid-usb-driver-for-windows
all computers have a special piece of hardware called the clock ( more fully , the real-time clock or rtc ) . the clock is connected to the cpu , but it runs even when the computer is completely powered down . on a desktop computer , a battery on the motherboard keeps the clock running even when it is unplugged from the mains . mobile devices tend to have a large capacitor ( which is a bit like a rechargeable battery ) , so even if you pull the main battery out , the clock can continue to keep time for some hours . at regular intervals , the clock sends a signal to the cpu called an interrupt . it tells the cpu to interrupt whatever it is doing to process this signal . this is the same mechanism used by other parts of the computer ( such as the touch screen ) to send input to the cpu . the rate of the signals can be controlled by the kernel : it might be as slow as once per second , or as fast as a thousand times per second . this sounds like a lot of signals , but do not forget that today 's computers take a fraction of a nanosecond to do a single operation , so even a 1 khz clock only interrupts every few million operations . do not confuse the real-time clock with the cpu clock and the cpu 's clock rate , which are typically a few ghz . the cpu clock is not a timekeeping device : it sets the number of operations per second the cpu can perform , and is a big factor in how much power the cpu draws . on most cpus , the kernel can decrease the cpu clock rate , turn off some cpu cores , and maybe even power down some caches , all to reduce power consumption . this is what happens when your android device goes to sleep , but the exact changes are different from one phone to another . the cpu is still running , just more slowly , and drawing less power . as izzy points out , if the phone uses arm 's big . little system , it might even be a completely different cpu core that runs in sleep mode : a slower one tuned for low power consumption . consider , then , that the rtc is still running in sleep mode , and the cpu is still receiving and processing clock interrupts . this is still necessary for the cpu to keep track of different processes and allocate time between them fairly . one of the processes is the system 's alarm manager . this has a sorted list of all the apps on the system that have registered an alarm . the alarm manager does not run continuously : rather , it tells the kernel when the first alarm is , and the interrupt handler for the clock interrupts is responsible for checking the time and waking up the alarm manager when appropriate . this way , the cpu only needs a few instructions per clock to compare the current time with the time of the next wake-up . in addition , the alarm manager has its own optimizations to keep the device asleep as much as possible . when several apps want to run at intervals ( e . g . to check email every 15 minutes ) , the alarm manager will not run them individually at the exact times they asked for , waking up the device several times over that 15 minute window . instead , it will run all of them at the same time , so the device only needs to wake up once . on top of that , many alarms will not run at all if the device is asleep . for example , if an app wants to run every hour to change your home screen background , there is no point in doing that while the device is asleep , because you can not see it . it will tell the alarm manager that it does not need to wake up the device to run , so the alarm manager will ignore that alarm when telling the kernel when it needs to run . that way , if the device is asleep when the time comes , the alarm will only happen when the device next wakes up .
androirc supports PASS , although it is hidden in the settings . open the app , and press the menu key . then , select " servers " . press the menu key again , and select " new server " . look for the field " password": if you set a password , it will be sent with PASS .
your best bet will be a third party solution as google is attempting to consolidate many of their services and apps together for a more streamlined approach . i can understand not wanting to muck with google messaging when all you want to do is send sms , but that is the way they are headed with hangouts being the messaging app .
you are not alone in wanting the old messaging app ! even though the old stock messaging app is no longer included in android , you always have the option of installing an alternative . in fact , people are recommending 8sms as a replacement for hangouts that is almost identical to the original stock messaging app . in fact , it is built from the source code of the original messaging app , with " some enhancements " .
upgrading gapps to the correct version ( i was running 10.1 gapps on a 10.2 cm build ) solved the issue . i did not have to reinstall the rom or anything like that , simply flash the new gapps over the old .
i had the same problem ( on a toro , verizon galaxy nexus ) , grey signal icons and had almost all gapps unable to open at all . most would cause a force close message when the phone was idle every few minutes . i went to cyanogenmod wiki : gapps and downloaded the 10.2 gapps , uninstalled all that were available in the play store ( from the play store ) and re-installed them immediately . once i went through and linked them all back to my google account and did a restart on the phone the connection icons became the familiar and comfortable cyan color . once i did all that and gave the phone a day to ' soak ' , it is running with even more buttery smoothness than ever .
now , i am not 100% that this is the exact issue , as i do know that this is the case with . m3u playlists , but i have not tried using . pls files for a playlist . the problem sounds like it is with the media scanner . when it scans the directory that the . pls file is in , it sees the playlist file ( the . pls ) but if the directory does not have any other media files in there ( like . mp3 for example ) then it automatically assumes that the playlist is empty so it deletes it . you can create a file in the directory called .nomedia and the media scanner will not even scan the directory , leaving your . pls files alone . to test this , you could just drop some type of media file in the directory with the . pls and see if it is still deleted ( or add the . nomedia file ) . if it is not deleted , then it is 100% the media scanner causing the files to delete . if it is still deleted , then i would check if in your application you are deleting them some how .
they are the same thing , auto backup is basically just a new ( and more appropriate ) name . the only thing that changed is that now it uploads your pictures in original quality ( part of the reason why they bumped up everyone 's google drive limit to 15gb )
it should show your pictures as they are added ( aka not all-or-nothing ) . i would try rebooting your device , also check if maybe your battery level is low ( under i think 20% it does not upload , similar to dropbox )
try disabling Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging in conjunction with setting Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; USB settings to mass storage . if that does not work , and enabling usb debugging does not work , then i would assume it is an osx issue . you could try reinstalling the official drivers , if there are any .
you could change the guest network to be low priority by editing the supplicant . conf file ( probably requires root , or adb use ) . you can find out what file this is by looking at /etc/wifi/wifi.conf ; the file you need is set as the SUPP_CONFIG_FILE property 's value . normally it is /data/wifi/bcm_supp.conf or /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . you will see entries like the following in that file : network={ ssid="network name" someotherproperty="some other value" priority=0 }  you want to have priority=0 for the networks you least want to connect to , and a higher priority for networks you do want to connect to . if you just have " do not want " and " want " , use 0 and 1 . if you have " do not want " , " not preferred " , " preferred " , and " super-preferred " , use values 0 , 1 , 2 , and 3 respectively . you get the idea .
is your device rooted ? if so , you can access the /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant . conf file and set/edit the priority field for each network . i looked around on the market , and i have not been able to find any apps that will allow you to edit this field in a gui , or any other way to do it without root . i have not personally experimented with it either , so i am not 100% sure how it will work , but it is the only option i have found that looks like it might help you control which network your phone connects to when there are multiple configured networks within range .
close odin , disconnect your phone , restart odin , reboot your phone , put the phone into download mode again , and then connect your phone and ensure odin sees it . sometimes odin just does not recognize the device and you need to try again . odin will show something like the yellow highlighted area below when the phone is properly connected :
you need to install a custom recovery , which can back up your original rom so you can restore it later . the clockworkmod recovery is generally considered the best , there is a build of it with instructions for the zte racer at modaco .
i am assuming you have a power cable plugged in . in that case you will have to unplug the cable , turn it on and plug it in as soon as something appears on the screen . i have had this problem several times when trying to flash the phone while tethered to a computer and forgot to take out the usb cable when rebooting .
there is no such thing as " closing the application " or " auto exiting the app " in the android application model . please see here for more info : http://code.google.com/android/intro/appmodel.html in particular , our model is that for the user all applications are always running all of the time , and we very explicitly do not want the user to ever have to deal with things like closing applications to free up resources . the system will take care of killing application processes when their resources are needed elsewhere , and you work with the system to ensure that when the user returns to your app it is restored to its last seen state . android browser is also an app . it follows the same application model . http://groups.google.com/group/android-developers/browse_thread/thread/4c1b8955ebfd5799?pli=1
if you want to free the memory used by the browser , just close all open tabs/windows : Menu &gt; Windows &gt; Press the X buttons . it would be nice if browser has the ability to save and restore tabs/windows , like every modern desktop browsers have ; however currently there is no such thing , therefore killing the browser means losing whatever you are doing in the browser . when you have no open window , the browser should no longer use up active memory ( although it will stay on memory until another application requires it ) . keeping inactive applications in the background do not consume any extra cpu cycle . free memory is wasted memory . for best performance , all memory should be used for something and free memory should be as close to 0% as possible . if android does not kill application when you close the application , then the task manager is working as designed . the task manager should only start killing apps if you start another app that is not already in the memory or some currently running app have a sudden memory increase .
ruby has not been ported to android , though you might want to check out ruboto . for simple editing there are a few options , but i do not believe emacs has been ported either , there are no market results anyways . rooting might provide you the ability to run linux on your phone , but android is not linux . its kernel is largely based on the linux kernel but that is about it . you cannot run any linux application with a gui on android , it would need to be rewritten . i am not sure to what extent native command line apps would need to be rewriten , though of course they would need to be recompiled . android also does not have a full java vm .
you can install a working debian distro on your phone without upsetting the distribution on the phone already . this way you will have a full userland with stuff you are used to on any other linux box . you should ssh into your phone to use this comfortably . install this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dyndns.sven_ola.debian_kit
try this method . basically any c , c++ compiled for arm will work http://geeknizer.com/install-run-linux-applications-on-android/
at the present date , emacs port for android already exists : android-emacs-toolkit released jun 23 , 2012: android-emacs-toolkit helps to build android development environment on emacs . it contains a emacs major mode which help to develop android sdk and ndk program . gnu emacs ported to android available from google play store , last updated august 23 , 2012: gnu emacs ported to android ! runs on modified version of terminal emulator - requires hardware keyboard and a rather big display . includes busybox and eshell . ssh ( for tramp ) and git are planned . additionally , you may find useful the information provided by emacswiki - emacsonandroid , that essentially is a guide about installing emacs into an android device .
" rooting " allows you access to the internal android environment , which of course consists of more than just the linux kernel . so you are running linux , but you should consider it as though you are running under a different distribution than say debian or redhat . there is a different set of standard libraries and some files are in different locations . at least on my droid ext2 support is not built-in by default . there is also no init or cron . the full set of linux modules is not available unless you compile them yourself and put then in /system/lib/modules . important ones you may miss on standard roms are cifs , ext2 , tun , and others . most , if not all , phones running android are arm cpus . so the binaries you run on them must be arm " eabi " " soft-float " binaries . if you have the source you can cross-compile whatever utilities you need , but read on . there are many standard commands and utilities available in the /system/bin directory such as grep , ps , cp , rm , mv , ls , ip , even vi . you have enough to get by until you . . . . . . use the " linux installer " utility to install a chroot'ed debian environment . debian has supported arm for a while . it takes some work , but if you can root your phone , and have a sizeable enough sd card , this is the way to go . this is close to a standard linux system and under it you can install and run ruby . of course cpu and ram limitations come into play .
you do not need to back up the google authenticator app/data as you can create a list of ' backup codes ' which you can use to log in without requiring a authentication code on the same page that you configure 2-step authentication . why print or download backup codes ? backup codes are especially useful for people who travel , have problems receiving sms or voice calls , or cannot use the google authenticator mobile app . recommendation : you should print or download backup codes store these in a safe place ( or print them out ) and if you lose your phone you can use one of these codes to log into your account and set up a new device with the authenticator app . whilst this applies to google 's 2-step-authentication , any other sites you have configured to use the google authenticator app should offer a similar option , or another way to receive codes ( e . g . facebook supports google authenticator , their own app and sms as methods to receive codes ) .
try authenticator plus , it supports backup/restore functionality with sync across devices , if you have a phone/tablet , this app syncs all accounts between them flawlessly . it has logos support too
titanium backup ( link to google play store ) will backup any android app , including google authenticator . however , you must root your phone for this to be a viable option . i would also recommend printing the google backup codes too . this is not quite backing up the google authenticator app , but they would allow you to reset the authenticator if necessary . this would only help for regaining access to your google account though . backing up the app with titanium backup is the most complete option , in my opinion . it is saved me on a number of occasions .
somehow there was a proxy set up in the apn settings … edit : to change the proxy you have to go to the settings and click on mobile data . select access point names , select the active apn ( or the one you are having problems with ) check/reset the proxy/port settings .
i understand this question has long since been asked . however i have useful information for google-fu students and teachers . from what i understand , iphones by default have the trrs 4-conductor jack . androids , on the other hand , vary in specifications . quoted from here : i am sure android and apple are the same kind ( i have used them interchangeably ) though samsung android phones have two rings swapped . more specifications related to android , specifically the nexus one , can be found here ( with wiring diagrams ) . however , the application is different than what you are proposing . still , this may help .
as per @chahk 's answer i guess it depends if swype came pre installed on your handset . in that case i do not think you can uninstall it . in either case , try going to settings -> apps and see if swype is listed . tap it and try to uninstall it . then you can go to beta . swype . com , download the installer , install it , run it , and follow directions to sign in and install the beta .
it really comes down to customer expectations . with ios , apple uses the built-in apps to set an expectation that apps will be " blingy " , with all kinds of eye-catching animations . if you look at android 's built-in apps , they are not so eye-catching : animations are subtle ( usually simple fades or fly-ins ) , they have a much cleaner , drier look , and they have very similar , familiar conventions about menus and transitions . this has set the expectation amongst android users that app-specific bling is much less important than respecting the conventions of the platform and integrating well with other apps . at the same time , the app ecosystem and the consumer market are very different on android . apple has a very large barrier to entry : you can not realistically develop ios apps without buying a mac , and a physical device , and paying a subscription to apple . this means that for the most part , hobbyists and small developers are excluded from this market . in contrast , the android development tools are freely available and support windows , mac , and linux ; there is no subscription to be a developer ; you can get onto google play for a small , one-off fee , or distribute apps outside of google play ( on other app stores or independently ) . for this reason , while android still has all the big-name developers you find writing ios apps , there is also a much larger number of small developers and hobbyists . hobbyists are much less likely to add bling or visual design features to their apps , because they just want to develop something useful . there are a lot of incredibly well-written and useful hobbyist and open-source apps , but they are much less likely to add visual design varnish to them . as well as bringing down the average amount of varnish for an app , this also feeds back into the consumer expectation that android apps do not need so much bling .
you phone , huawei u8500 may have the boot kernel and the system modules with different versions . since you are not providing the error message contents , i will assume that you are just getting a plain wifi error notice instead of the usual wifi connecting to... generally speaking , the kernel ( which is on boot . img ) must match the wifi modules version ( which is on system ) if not , wifi cant be loaded . what you need to do is : install 7.2 and flash the boot separately , so the boot kernel and the system modules can obtain the same version . a similar case : you can read about a similar case in detail at : cyanogenmod - issue 5435: wifi error after 7.2 install on incredible s to summarize it : a user performed an update to the system version 7.2 , but did not flash the boot to the same version . every time the user tried to use wifi , the message wifi error was presented . if he rolled-back to the previous version , the wifi worked just fine . after some discussion and exchanging of ideas , he came up with a solution : resolved . here is the clear solution ( not completely clear earlier ) . install cm 7.2 ota when prompted do not roll back to 7.1 then extract boot . img from the cm 7.2 zip , reboot the phone to bootloader , fastboot flash boot boot . img using pc so what was happening to this case : when the user had 7.1 installed and the phone had : boot - 7.1 kernel system - 7.1 modules after the installation of 7.2 , the phone had : boot - 7.1 kernel system - 7.2 modules when re-installed 7.1 , the phone had : boot - 7.1 kernel system - 7.1 modules so everything worked when the user installed 7.2 and flashed the boot separately the phone had : boot - 7.2 kernel system - 7.2 modules and everything worked related reading : cyanogenmod - fastboot
believe it or not , the device is already rooted , and it is not documented anywhere . i do not think that starting it in recovery mode for an odd number of times activates/deactivates root , so i just believe the system carries su on its own . if my unit of measure of " rooting " is ad-freeness then i simply tried to run adfree from the device . no superuser warning appeared but adfree not even did not complain about absence of root , but updated the hosts file ! ! and the device was completely ad-free . i also tried to install es file manager , and found this magic file : /system/xbin/su
hdr has not to be enabled on the device . it is a software feature , combining multiple photos ( see : bracketing ) into one . so you will need a camera app supporting this . afaik the stock camera shipping with android 4.2+ does so , plenty more are available on google play ( not necessarily requiring android 4.2+ , most will run on your device ) . see e.g. camera hdr studio or hdr camera for apps explicitly dedicated to this feature , or camera fv-5 for an all-round-camera having this feature " amongst others " . more to find out there . a helpful article to read on the topic : how to use hdr on your android device .
i try to not read this as " is there an app . . . " , as that would be off-topic according to our guidelines ( see what topics can i ask about here ? for details ) . so apart from looking for a different app to save some peanuts , you could live with the ads ( according to its description , the app is available for free with ads ; there is no note to the cloud feature being restricted to payment , neither does the related description on the product 's webpage , nor the faq on how can i synchronize my devices mention that ) . according to krampus ' comment below , the cloud functionality seems to be restricted to " premium users " indeed , though none of the material cited says so alternatively , there is the possibility to utilize a synchronized calendar ( like the google calendar ) for that : create an event , which then is synchronized across your devices . so the alert should trigger on all of them .
thanks for introducing pieceable . after reading your question i learnt about it and when going beyond , i found amazon 's test drive seems to have a similar ability . thanks to @jcisio , i found this answer here . currently the amazon test drive is available in us only . hence , i could not test and verify it .
i have found appsurfer . com to work very nicely for me . they are still in beta but in 1 - 2 months to come out with plans . . . it is free for 10 users at the same time at the moment and works quiet well . . .
there are several factors . no carrier or manufacturer bloatware . if you want to test apps or os changes and be sure you are not hitting some device-specific bug , a nexus device makes it less likely that will happen . they all use the same tool for flashing roms : fastboot . not all third-party devices use it , and having to learn a new set of commands for every device you have is quite annoying . easy to unlock bootloader . many third-party devices do not give you a means to unlock the bootloader ( in order to flash your own rom ) without tricksy hacks . sometimes the manufacturer does this ; sometimes the carrier adds it to avoid you getting around their restrictions on tethering or something else . on nexus devices , it is as easy as fastboot unlock-bootloader . you can compile your own rom for a nexus device from the aosp sources . if you want to hack on android itself , or if you simply want a userdebug build in order to allow more debugging options for apps , it is as simple as downloading and compiling the source . third-party roms do not usually have source available , so to build a custom rom , you have to reverse-engineer the rom and/or port aosp to the device yourself ( or wait for other modders to do it ) . this is why the t-shirts worn by engineers on google 's nexus programme describe it as " pre-hacked android " . google puts a lot of work into keeping the logs ( the ones you get from logcat ) clean , to make development easier . they block code changes that add too much noise to the log , so that it stays useful for debugging . other manufacturers are not usually so careful : they do not see the log as something their customers will want , so they let it get noisier and noisier with driver debugging info nobody will want to look at . clean logs make it much easier for app and os developers to see and debug the behaviour of their code . nexus devices tend to get updates to new android versions before third-party devices . if you are an app developer , and you want to make sure your app works with a new android version as soon as possible , or you want to take advantage of new features and test on a real device ( not an emulator ) , then you do not want to wait for a third-party manufacturer to get their finger out and port the new android version to their hardware .
in addition to what dan hulme wrote , i would like to add that nexus devices have sick firmware images for previous versions of android , which can be easily installed . you can downgrade your galaxy nexus to ics , or your nexus s to gingerbread . the nexus 4 shipped with 4.2 but soon yours will have 4.4 . you will be able to load older versions later on if that kind of testing is important to you . i found this to be very valuable when testing with the nexus s because it went from 2.3 to 4.1 . you can even rely on cyanogenmod to extend the life of the phone as a test platform , if you trust that cyanogen is sufficiently close to stock for app compatibility purposes .
it turns out that just because you can see and use a map online , that does not mean that google will allow you to make the area available offline . offline maps are only currently available for certain countries , and brazil is not currently one of them , in fact it seems to be a fairly odd selection . google have published the full list of countries that it is available in here : maps for mobile - offline availability edit : note that in a july 2013 google maps update , google made offline maps into a hidden feature with no menu option any more . more about how to make maps available offline here : get offline maps in new google maps
i found that i was able to remove the version of google maps i had installed ( which was 6.11.1 ) and downloaded and installed an older version ( 6.6.0 ) from here which allowed me to pre-cache the area i was previously not allowed to . but in the older version i had to go to settings , labs and turn on the pre-cache option and then long press on the map , click on the balloon , and then scroll to the bottom for the pre-cache option . i do not understand why downloading maps of certain areas is not allowed in newer versions . obviously its not a technical reason . is there some sort of political or legal reason ? other map apps can download maps for the entire world . it really does not make any sense to me . . .
this was fixed in the 4.3 update that came out for my phone lately . all done .
as no " bullet-proof " system is required here , and at least some level of trust assumed , possible solutions hide behind the buzz . . . ahem , key-words kiosk-mode and child-protection . in short : you create a " jail " you are working in , and hand it is key ( password ) to the teacher ( let him/her set a password – of course on the premise to unlock you once the exam is over ) . options on establishing a kiosk-mode are already discussed in several other questions tagged " kiosk-mode " , so there is no need to repeat them all . you might wish to take a look at surelock kiosk lockdown , which should meet your requirements : one of its features is to prevent access to system settings . so disabling all network features ( mobile data , wifi apns , etc . ) and then locking the settings with the teacher 's password should satisfy both sides – provided you have allowed all required apps for kiosk mode . as the " dirty trick " to regain control would also remove all data from the device ( factory-reset ) , it cannot be expected you had do that during the exam ; )
multiple approaches here . first , you can open the playstore app , hit the menu button , go to settings , and advise it to only work with wlan , plus not install apps automatically . this would cover part of your problem . second , you could also tell it to not check for updates at all . while on a first look this seems to contradict with your intention -- please read on . go and install yourself the appbrain app market app . this actually utilizes the google play store , it is not a separate market . it even uses your google account for everything . now synchronize your installed apps with the appbrain app . after that , you will see available updates -- and you can decide on a per-app basis whether to . . . accept this update skip this update only ( and be reminded only for the next update ) skip updates for this app altogether as you told the " original " playstore-app to " shut up " , there will not be multiple update notifications . just use the appbrain app for updating your apps -- it will do so by calling the playstore app using its api . batch-updates ( "update all" ) are of course possible as well .
you have to remove each app shortcut and/or widget from the launcher one at a time . i would start looking into password-protecting the apps on the tablet as you would for a young child . see these related questions : stackexchange-url
simply removing widgets and shortcuts from the screen will only prevent the very unexperienced ( i.e. . those who never used an android device before ) from accessing other apps , and not even sure for them . if your goal is to prevent most people from doing so ( the very experienced will always find a way to circumvent your protection ) , you rather need something like a kiosk-mode . recoomended readings/references on this : deny the installation of apps or add new accounts ( kiosk mode ) -- another q and a here on our site child-proofing an android phone ? -- again a q and a at android enthusiasts kioware - kiosk system software -- an android kiosk solution kiosk mode on android with surelock -- also mentioned in the first q and a kiosk mode on android -- a blog on the topic google search on the topic german overview on app lockers ( google translate version of the same page ) btw : if you initialize all those tablets using the same google account , you can easily manage installations via your computers web browser ( just a hint along ) .
you cannot do it without " replacing " parts of android . the file is not actually downloaded by the browser , it is downloaded by the download manager . you would have to set a " default " for pdf files ( pdf reader ) and then replace the download manager . replacing download manager could be done , without a custom rom , since it has " public " intent actions available that it fires when a download is completed . if that is a viable option , there is a question on stackoverflow that could be a starting point for replacing download manager with a custom one . the ipad opens the file right away because there is nothing else you can do with it . there is no " available file system " on ios . where on android , you can save files , and even install a file manager to browse to them .
have you tried pdf . js extension for firefox mobile ? it is a bit slow and unstable for now , but it should work as expected .
i finally did a wipe/factory reset . i lost all apps and data , but at least i can use my phone again . and yes , that was because i ran out of space in the internal sd card .
go to setting--> data usage under the usage graph there is list of apps with usage specified on right side . go to google play and at the below you will find option restrict background data click on that check box . . and here you go . though you cant install any apps from play store with these setting , but you can always enable background data whenever needed .
no , there are other ways to copy files from a usb pen drive to a phone . according to usb host diagnostics , the n8000 can support the usb otg ( on-the-go ) cable , assuming you have the latest firmware . just plug-in the usb pen drive ( or usb stick ) into it . this cable will cost you usd1 or less . if you have root , you can use stickmount to make the mounting of the usb pen drive easier .
in some trains you sit like inside an faraday cage , as they even metallized the windows -- thus no signal can get through . that is also why you have special " mobile phone " zones in some trains : here they placed something like a little " repeater " inside this section of the train , capturing the signal from outside the cabin ( and transmitting it back the same way , of course ) . however , they do not do that for gps .
you could try cyanogenmod 9 ( there is a release candidate now ) : cm9 has support for the motorola xoom ( wifi ) , and the motorola xoom ( verizon ) at this point . here 's cyanogenmod 's update guide from their wiki for the xoom . you have to backup your device in advance , of course ( using titaniumbackup for example ) .
the path i have taken is to install wingray . this is a build of cm9 ( android 4 . x ics ) specifically for the xoom table . so i got to go strait to ics and keep root . just had to re-flash with this image !
i have posted the question on same link shown in question . till that i tried everything format sd card totally , also tried different roms of ics still it was not worked . then as in reply i got on that forum saying install gingerbread rom then root it , use ota root keeper and upgrade . so i did similar to that i installed gingerbread . then i formatted all using cwm . then i installed new ics refrec v2 rom . and then after i tried to root it . and it worked . hope so if anyone face the same problem they can downgrade to gb then again move to ics to root it after flash if their favorite rom does not come rooted . : )
i use astro player ( beta ) for this . it allows settings from 5% to 200% , and can adjust pitch . see ' playback speed ' setting on the options menu . note this operation is warned as an " experimental mode " and unstable , but i have used it successfully .
astro player supports speed up playback up to 6x with the same pitch .
i wrote osplay , which does this as its main feature . i consider it a stable product and am now only issuing bugfixes .
i have used the free audio speed changer but did also buy astor player
rockbox has a very early port to android that allows speeding up an mp3 once the timestrech option is enabled . the port is very functional , but the ui and integration with android still leave much to be desired . jon corbet of lwn did a good summary article a few weeks ago . the most important piece of advice before using it : imagine that your screen is a 3x3 grid , where the middle is used as the selector , left-right-up-down are used as cursor keys . the other directions have special functions in some screens , e.g. in now playing screen with the upper left you can access some playback mode settings . having previously enjoyed rockbox on a several previous sansa players , i personally excuse the ui shortcomings and use it when playing long stretches of podcasts . i like that set the playback speed ( independant of the pitch ) from 50% of the original speed to ( at least ) 200% . in increments of a tenth of a percent . depending on the subject and the speed with which people speak , i will listen to a podcasts at 175% , 166% , 150% , 133% , or 125% .
i activated that phone with a prepaid plan and did not pay anything and successfully able to use it in wifi .
why ? it is general safest to odin to stock ( if necessary ) , root and flash clockworkmod , and then flash cyanogenmod through recovery . that said , yes it is possible ; you had need to unpack and repack the images in the correct format and bundle them in a . tar laid out as odin/heimdall expects . something similar to this in reverse . i have not had any luck myself with interpreting the image format used by samsung ; any tools i have found do not quite seem to work . it depends on your particular device however . edit : it seems we are still talking at cross purposes . in addition to the odin tarfiles , heimdall can flash slightly different compressed tarfiles and the post you linked links to instructions on how to have heimdall create those . however the main problem is still getting the images into the correct format , everything is easy after that . that cyanogenmod package contains the /system partition contents in just a plain folder ; you had need to package them into a factoryfs.rfs . i know one of the ways this has been done before is via flashing the package via clockworkmod and then using dd to dump the partition ( s ) to a file . there are general guides to that here and here . on the other hand cyanogenmod might be sticking with ext4 filesystems for samsung devices rather than rfs , in which case it would be easier to create an image directly from the files . however , i am not sure whether heimdall would be able to flash an ext4 image properly . i would probably ask the heimdall developer in that case .
the android firmware is composed of several image files . these image files are flashed to ( device specific ) locations on your devices internal memory . typically these images are for the bootloader , recovery , fastboot , and the system ( os ) . the remaining memory is mapped to your internal storage . since each device expects them to be located at different locations depending on the manufacturer , you cannot modify them safely .
it sounds like a defective unit . i would send it in for warranty replacement . if it is getting warm while plugged in the power is shorting out the unit causing it to show no life but receive power .
there are some " lock screens " like go locker , but they are not " real " lock screens . lock screens are just about the only part of the android os that cannot be replaced by 3rd party applications . these other lock screens attempt to override the real lock screen . some of them work fairly well , but i always notice some type of lag when turning on the device or unlocking the device .
your version of android may not have a ping service as one of it is utilities , so trying to ping your device might not work . regardless , you should be able to navigate directly to your device 's storage from your pc 's file manager by running an android app like samba .
ping is most basic network service provided by all modern devices . non availability of ping service is rare and that is also the case of ping being turned off manually by users . so , its most likely that your firewall on pc is blocking outbound traffic to the android device in the network . disable the firewall on pc temporarily and test . if you have firewall installed on android device , disable it there too . if firewall was the problem , allow all outbound traffic to all ports of android device 's ip ( you may restrict to ports in use ) . if firewall was installed on android device , do the same thing for inbound traffic .
try using airdroid https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sand.airdroid this should help you to manage files on your android device through wifi .
go to Settings &gt; Accounts and Settings , click on the account that you do not know the password and then click the Remove Account button on the bottom . so next time you open up android market you will be prompted to type in a new account
you would better off getting a pair of usb headphones than streaming it to your phone .
i have not found a good solution for this to work over usb , but i have gotten it to work over wifi as well , with a much cheaper ( free , or $3.99 if you want network compression ) option with soundwire than the airfoil solution in mannii88 's video .
this video may help . it is through wifi . if you have connected through usb or something else , you can play media files through your handset . there are apps for that . but , since you are asking for every computer sound , guess , you can do that only through wifi . hope that youtube video helps ! thanks ! vote , if you find this helpful . :- )
the builtin browser will probably show you a touch-optimized version of facebook . you can try to get rid of it by changing the user agent string . see this question for more info on that . edit : also , if the games require click-and-drag , this will not work on a touch screen .
i tryed to use facebook games with the built-in browser and some other browsers like ff , miren , etc . . . sometimes they work in one browser , sometimes not . this seems to be dependant of the game you want to play . it is to say that ff does not support flash so far . i had no problems playing backyard monsters in standard browser until the last update of backyard monsters ( except it had laggy graphics ) , now no installed browser works . freefarmgame is running in miren only . not tested any other so far , that are the only games i play .
try link bubble : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.linkbubble.playstore if i decide i am done reading , i share the links i have opened to pocket so i can read them later . pocket : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ideashower.readitlater.pro
if you already have a google account i recommend you google keep ( http://drive.google.com/keep ) . it is fast and does not require to download anything ( just the app on mobile devices ) , it is all in the cloud . you can save the links in a note and open them later . all your notes are synched across your devices . you can also share content to and from keep to store your links and stuff .
maybe you do not need to get away from tabs , you just need your browser to not crash . i just did a quick stress test of firefox for android , and got to 72 tabs before encountering any issues on my nexus 4 . it might be that it can better handle your workflow than chrome can .
some usb cables do not include the data wires as they are only meant for charging . check if other devices work with this cable , and try another cable . also , if the cable is sure to work , take a look at my computer -> right click -> manage -> device manager and see if you can find your phone there and try upgrading the driver from there .
just got to settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging and confirm that usb debugging is disabled . that is it . now your phone will connect to pc perfect .
i have had this issue with my s3 sometimes . alternatively , what you could try is download and install the drivers from here : link . or you could also try changing the usb mode from mtp mode to camera mode ( from the notifications ) . do not forget to restart after installing !
this is a reported bug which has not yet gotten any attention . a workaround is to use long-press to add items rather than dragging them .
have you tried using adb from the android sdk to connect to the device ? i believe it is the same protocol also used when the os is running and connected via usb .
you can manually download the photo and in your contact manager click the placeholder for photo and chose that file . as far as automatically importing , your phone can not figure out which " john smith " is the " john smith " you want from the list of " john smiths " . the default contact manager can not do this .
the problem is that you are missing the adb recovery driver . you might consider trying koush 's universal usb driver installer -- it solved this very problem by installing the missing drivers .
sorry for the irrelevant answer to the op 's question but felt a need to point out about alogcat . alogcat seems broken at the moment under jellybean ( due to an additional introduction of permission READ_LOGS required for reading logs ) . just keep an eye out for the update soon ( or flag the developer by starring the issue here ) . if you fancy the alternative , try this version called catlog found here on github , this has the permission in place to do so . as for droidwall , forget about that version - its old and obsoleted in favour of the more updated version afwall+ , the linky to the play store version is contained on the github page , alternative linky to f-droid repository here .
textmaker mobile is the only word processor that lets you open / save .odt - plus plenty of other formats , and you may convert one into another . this app is full of features , e.g. , including a very good on-the-fly spell checker , footnotes , endnotes , comments , track changes , embedding of any font , access to several file hosting services etc . , all truetype and opentype fonts can be embedded , it has a broad range of formatting and layout options , access and so much more .
currently there is no such software . however , the libreoffice team is working on an app . a prototype was reviewed e.g. here , if you want to take a look . no release date so far , but it will hopefully hit the market soon -- it is really strongly needed , as there is not a single office app capable of working with opendocument formats ( aside from androffice , which is a spreadsheet-only app and obviously discontinued , as it is no longer listed on the playstore ) . until then : there is a viewer app available at least , openoffice document reader . . . update : meanwhile , things have changed , and you have the choice between andropen office and textmaker mobile for read/write access , as well as coffice and the already mentioned opendocument reader for read-only access .
i think i know what you should opt for , you should go for aosp based roms ; here 's a list : 1 . cyanogenmod ( minimal but necessary cutomization ) 2 . paranoid android ( same as cyanogenmod very less cutomization ) 3 . omnirom ( basically same ) 4 . pac ( mixture of paranoid android , cyanogenmod and aokp ) ( a bit more of cutomization ) you should first checkout the official websites of these roms , or you can head to xda forums and find official and unofficial build of these or even more roms , but according to your preference look for " [ aosp ] " in threads . link : http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s2#romlist
did you take a look at cyanogenmod ? it is not absolutely stock google android experience but absolutely stock aosp ( android open source project ) experience . it means that all google proprietary additions are not included ( for legal reasons ) , but you can install them easily using a package called gapps . in the end you have something very close to a nexus experience plus very little additions that are all useful .
alas , the UsbStorageActivity does not use an intent to enable and disable usb mass storage , so there is no way to achieve this using am . it instead calls the functions StorageManager.enableUsbMassStorage and `StorageManager.disableUsbMassStorage to do its work . as these functions are hidden in the framework , it is not possible to write an app to do this , either . as far as i know , there is no existing command to do this . it might be possible to write an app that offers a command-line interface and uses the bound system service MountService to call its setUsbMassStorageEnabled function , but that would be way off-topic for this site .
it does not seem unusual to me that an app that commercially depends on tracking its users would send you to a website to track and count you , and then have that site redirect you to the real store page . if you do not trust them not to misuse this tracking data , do not use the app .
i just figured it out , very easy . the android market is now called " play store " by google , and is listed under " p " in your phone ( not " g " for google play store ) . just go into all your apps , go down to " p " and long hold the " play store " icon to get it to your home screen . this icon looks like a white shopping bag with handles and a blue , red and tan diamond/pyramid figure on the front . good luck and have a great day .
from here i tried http://androidforums.com/droid-x-support-troubleshooting/196653-help-market-place-gone.html to get the marked app back , without doing a hard reset . used astro file manager opened astro , clicked up navigate to /system/app locate vending . apk push on it to install it , clicked ok etc now back on home screen , follow what is suggested about a clean slate . . . settings -> applications -> manage applications chose all find market push on it and select clear data go back to main home screen , turn your phone off and back on
my android market icon dissapeared when i clicked on it yesterday on 2.2 i just read today in the news that google changed the name from android market to google play to get more customers focused on its videos and books . i found a brand new icon in the second apps location on my phone . it is called google play not called android market any longer . all you do is click accept and use . . . . .
it is a built-in app and can not be uninstalled . to restore the icon to the home screen , find the icon in the application list and long-press , then drop it where you want it . alternately , long-press the home screen where you want the icon to be , choose " shortcuts " , then " applications " , then the " market " icon . update : okay , it appears that you are not the only one with this issue . see this thread on the google support forum : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android%20market/thread?tid=3322620a3c715568hl=en one offered solution is to do a factory reset . it is up to you to decide how comfortable you are with that . update 2 : several people in this thread said that the factory reset worked for them . additionally , someone wrote a script ( also in that thread ) to fix the issue , which you would need to get on the phone . ( usb would seem to be your best bet . ) caveat emptor . someone also mentioned that if you get the vendor . apk you can also get the market back . ( details are a little fuzzier . )
if you are running stock android i believe you are going to have to do a factory reset . if you are rooted and running some custom mod , you can probably just install the googleapps . apk or reflash the rom .
is your phone rooted ? if so , try using the wifi tether app . you will need to download the apk and side-load it .
acutally for the samsung europia , a free update can be downloaded via kies to upgrade to android 2.2 . this then allows you to natively turn your phone into a wifi hotspot . it is then the usual connect to wifi affair
normally you click the power button to select items . that is how my galaxy s works , anyways . edit : according to this , try using the send call button . and end call for cancel . or according to this , use the camera button . i guess it depends on what recovery you have installed . try selecting something that will not do any harm -- a further menu , for example . not " factory reset " :p
if you are use the same custom recovery , according to this , on p500 to select item you press menu button .
what type of system recovery do you have ? on my p500 everything is fine . in amonra recovery there are such bindings : volup/voldown - moving through menus back - previous menu level , cancel action menu - select menu item , approve action also i have noted that from some time back button does not work every time as i press it . i think it is hardware problem . maybe i need to disassemble phone and make it maintenance .
the eee pad transformer will use the battery of the dock to both power and charge the tablet so long as it is connected . you can see this when docked and on battery because the tablet shows its battery as " charging " . this gets the most use out of the tablet because when you undock it , it is most likely to have more charge than the dock . when docked and on the charger , i am fairly sure that both charge at the same time . however , i have not checked as my tf is docked most of the time . incidentally , if the dock 's battery goes flat , it gets its power from the tablet ( without trying to recharge its own battery ) .
well , there are some : list notifier widget lite notifier widget lite missed it !
have a look at http://curl.haxx.se/download.html : it seems that http://curl.haxx.se/gknw.net/7.31.0/dist-android/curl-7.31.0-rtmp-ssh2-ssl-zlib-static-bin-android.tar.gz contains an openssl binary .
your best bet will be to build it from source . there are a few stackoverflow questions that you might want to reference if you have not already . how to use openssl library in the android application how to build openssl on android/linux ? openssl build issue with android ndk r8 the first so has an answer linking to a github project android-external-openssl . i would suggest trying to work with this code as a starting point .
[ disclosure : i work for cosign ] i just viewed a digitally signed pdf in adobe reader for android version 10.6.0 . unfortunately , it does not appear that the app will verify the digital signature . it does display the graphical representation of the signature , but there is no signature panel and no message about the signature 's verification status . hopefully they will add that feature to the mobile version someday . please submit your own answer to your question if you find any android software that will verify a digital signature . in the meanwhile , you could roll your own solution if you are willing to write an app . see the signature api guide at www.arx.com/api for info . or you could use cosign web app , box or google drive . all of those apps work in mobile and include integration with cosign . by opening the doc in cosign , you had see the doc and its signature verification status . see screen shot below .
i do not know about the htc one v specifically , but in my experience , the mic , stereo ouputs , and the single button answer/stop will work for both apple and ( most if not all ) android phones . but the volume up/down buttons will not work , even with an app such as headphone button controller ; it simply does not get detected . the problem arises when the marketing depts start using a word such as " compatible " , meaning a degree of compatibility , but not necessarily every function . so they feel ok saying an apple headphone is compatible , meaning just the audio works , or even the audio and the answer button . however , it is possible that the htc can somehow detect and use these extra two buttons , i suppose , but i would guess not .
again something tasker is able to solve ( and maybe one of its " free alternatives " such as llama as well – but as a tasker user , i can better describe it for that ) : both apps can act on events , and execute tasks . so let me construct a fake-profile ( use it as " guide " , not literally ) : condition : received text ( tasker does not differentiate between sms and mms here ) task : mobile data → on wait → 1 min ( set a time frame sufficient to connect and download the mms ) exit-task : ( optional ) mobile data → off the exit-task is optional . by default , tasker restores the " before-state " automatically . so what would this do ? whenever a message ( sms or mms ) is received , it would turn on mobile data for a minute to download the text , and then automatically switch it off again . as i am not sure whether an incoming mms would even be signaled with data off , let 's have a " plan b": condition : state→mobile network is on task : wait → 10 min ( adjust time frame to fit your needs ) exit-task : mobile data → off this would be a kind of " do not forget me " timer : if your girlfriends mother turns on data to receive the mms , and forgets to turn it off again , it would automatically be turned off after the configured time-frame . here the exit-task is mandatory , so tasker does not restore the " before-state " .
in my case , the upgrade to the android 4.3 did not replaced my custom /etc/gps.conf file . it was edited by hands on rooted device before the android upgrade and stayed with the same content afterwards . answering myself : )
whenever i flashed a modem ( for my region ) on my phone , i noticed that it changed the values set i via fastergps ; this app can edit the gps . conf . so yes , chances are it will rewrite your gps . conf after you update . so , make a backup first .
* is being processesd by your zsh . there is no /storage/... path on your system , where you are running the adb commands . zsh cannot possibly know that you are trying to talk to an android device , so it is trying to expand the wildcards using local system paths . since that path does not exist , let alone have files in it , it is properly telling you " no matches " . you probably want adb pull '/storage/emulated/legacy/DCIM/Camera/*.*'  note the '-quotes . they prevent zsh from seeing the wilcards as wildcards - they will be treated like plain text by the shell , and passed in to adb as literal text .
no . it is not possible to get this information with the android sdk . you might get this information if you have access to the drivers and the kernel of your device .
look at the no video player app .
this may be a silly thing to say , but have you tried loading a site with flash , and letting it play ? i would have thought it would just continue even if the screen goes blank . if it does stop when the screen goes blank , can you download it and play it using one of the audio players that supports . flv and has the option to continue playing in the backgound ? is there an app that can play . flv ? regarding playing non-mp4 or h . 264: chinese app called wuzhenhua player rockplayerbase coreplayer , but does not seem to support android ( it is got a mobile version :/ ) droidacir says it supports . flv-based audio streams another flv player here 's a so question about having trouble stopping flash when leaving the browser . hth
this is an old question , but there just might be an answer which someone might benefit from . take a look at uz media player https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.uzumaki.android.mediaplayer
the files are generated by samba when it encounters file name having invalid windows file name characters like : , \ , &lt ; , > , | or directories ending with dot . the reason the files appear on your android device is they were synced back from your pc . you can safely delete the files , but they will mostly likely reappear again , as long as files with invalid characters are created by android apps .
enable usb debugging , plug your phone into a computer via usb for a couple of minutes and disconnect . - source you can also try a faster memory card , as ^ has adviced . keep some reasonable amount of free space on phone memory , move apps to sd card if necessary . android often suffers performance issues when internal memory is low ( much like any os , really ) . if nothing else works , try a factory reset and record it again . if there are no lags , it might be because of any resource-intensive apps you have installed .
have you tried using kingston class 4 ? if you can find class 10 , even better ! source
is the phone connected to a pc/charger while you were trying the call ? try to have a good ' earth ground ' at all times when handling a phone with capacitive screens . i had the same problem when my phone was connected to the pc/charger . if that was not the problem , try using a different dialer app from the market and see if that brings up the problem .
it has happened to me on my nexus s , running stock gingerbread and now stock ice cream sandwich , that occaisionally when i try to answer the phone the touch screen is unresponsive . i find that if i press the power button to turn off the screen ( which silences the phone as well ) and then turn it back on i can answer the phone .
had the same problem with an htc legend , and in my case , i think the screen was screwed . because i wa shaving problem when trying to write on the keyboard as well . at some point , whenever i was touching , it always acted as if i touched the top of the screen ! ! ! i bought a new phone
i have read the ics roms on sensation xe were buggy . hence they delayed the ics roms for ( original ) sensation to fix the bugs . ( assuming you are using stock dialer . ) update to the latest build of ics that is been released for your device .
its not android problem its htc problem . i have experienced same problem few times . all you can hope is an upgrade of htc sense from htc . ring was introduced by htc because there was problem with earlier approach of dragging up . try to kill few unwanted process in your cellphone so that your becomes even more responsive .
i had the same problem with my droid 2 . for me , it was a precursor to the hardware for touch interaction going haywire : it was registering other touches on the screen in a line on the right side . i was able to view them by opening a drawing program , or popping up the gesture screen in dolphin hd . random touches would appear up and down in a straight line . this happened more frequently when i would been outside working , or the phone got warm through other means .
it is an android problem . i had the issue on a samsung running gingerbread . i still have the same issue iphone . android is 98% there but when you can not answer a call then what the hell is the point of having a phone ?
your best option will be to root and use a custom rom and kernel . . . it is the touch screen drivers locking up
as user said my comment helped him and post it as answer . try to install the rocket dial and in settings try to make it default app for receiving calls . Settings&gt;caller ID also you can use free version of hd caller id which has option to overtake the default caller screen .
i cannot say for all apps you listed -- but for some , the following applies : some system apps ( as e.g. the market/playstore app ) have to be present in /system in order to work . for the playstore app , the reason is : the permission to install other " packages " is only granted if one of the following two conditions is met : it is signed with the same certificate as the system ( rom ) itself -- which does not apply in your case , due to the custom rom used it is installed as " system app " ( i.e. . below /system ) -- which did no longer apply in your case , since you uninstalled the app from there expecting the pre-conditions given , developers might have forgotten to include a check and implement appropriate exception handling -- which then may lead to the described force-close . similar constellations might apply to other apps/packages as well -- though i am not sure what should make the google translate app so special ( maybe it has some special hooks i missed ) . you could try to find out by following roxan 's advice , to integrate the app as " system app " again using e.g. titanium backup , and see if it still force-closes .
instead of doing this manually , use titanium backup pro . it allows you to integrate updates to rom for all system apps . so after installing this , long press your desired app and choose the option integrate update .
it may just be a software bug . have you tried formatting it with the phone itself yet ? else : the nexus one is now unsupported by google , so if this is the case you can only fix it by installing some aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod and see if this solves your problem . cyanogenmod has a device page for the n1 and a full update guide . if you want to try even more , there are also unsupported beta firmwares for ice-cream-sandwich and jelly-bean available on xda 's nexus one development forum from other developers .
32 gb cards work just perfectly on my nexus one . i have original rom which was updated once ota . the phone reports os version as 2.3.6 . i use sd card preformatted as fat 32 . you can try to format your card using phone itself , go in storage settings and erase the card . it should work after .
charging control is done via hardware to prevent ruining the battery in case of software errors . that is why ( most ? ) devices charge even when powered off . the status display that is then shown is just a " minimal os " that queries the current status from the battery charger hardware .
natively , there is no way to schedule shutdowns and boot ups of the android system . if you do decide to root there are applications in the play store that can shedule a shutdown ( you may even be able to make your own busybox script instead ) . however booting up will never be possible the way android handles shut downs because when android shuts down , it is not running . and so , there is nothing in memory to initiate any sort of startup process .
i have samsung galaxy pro duos ( ginger bread ) in which there is no feature like this , but my wife have xolo a700 ( ics os ) in which there is simmilar kind of feature by which phone can be switch off and on in scheduled time . i found xolo phones are more value for money in compare to samsung . btw ' phone schedule ' apps available in play store which can turn on/off airplane mode as per the schedule time given . but not found something which can turn off or on completely
. . setup a schedule for automatic device shutdown . . . i found an app named timerandroid in the play store . seems that is what you are looking for . but you need to have root access .
on 4.3 you could create a restricted user profile , and block access to the settings app from that profile ( and to the app you want to hide , presumably ) . if you are not on 4.3 , or you are not willing to create a restricted user profile , you are out of luck . hypothetically , you could replace the settings app with one that is programmed to hide the app you are interested in , using a custom rom ( or if you are rooted , by just replacing that package ) , but i do not think someone has already patched the settings app that way , so you would probably have to do a bit of programming to achieve it . such a piece of software would be very like what is known in the pc world as a rootkit , a type of malware , so you should think very carefully before searching for or attempting such a thing .
if you do not want to remove or deactivate the application , then either : you can install a 3rd party launcher ( like nova ) and hide the application from the app drawer . you can download hide it pro and basically you can anything in your phone .
from the sony mobile site there does not seem to be a file manager included in sony 's rom . however , many excellent file managers are available on the play store . i personally use es file exploerer for many years now and it is excellent . astro file manager is also very popular . here 's a search for many , many more posibilities
i have xperia tipo device in which astro file manager was pre installed in it . but i like file manager ( explorer ) by rhythm software which is really good .
you may need to remount your file system to enable write . i am not sure how that is done with root explorer , but from the terminal it looks something like : mount -o rw,remount /partition/name/  you can get the partition name by typing mount without any parameters .
if you are using the speed software root explorer application then you might be holding your phone wrong ! - guffaws no really ! when i hold the phone in portrait view i can not get access to the little button in the interface that puts that directory into r/w mode ( read/write ) : hold your phone in landscape view when you navigate to that folder . when you get there you will see the little button to ' mount r/w': remember to turn it back to ' mount r/o ' ( read/only ) if this does not fix your issue then i will wonder if you actually have root access . just saying . . . good luck ( :
i can not reproduce it . it may have been fixed during an os upgrade . if it comes back i will refresh the question .
sounds just like a simple bug in doubletwist 's app , and you should probably send them an email reporting it . programmers have access to system " events " ( for lack of a better word ) and we use these events in conjunction with the state of our app to trigger certain behaviors . like , if i created an app similar to doubletwist , i would handle the system event of you unplugging your headphones to check if an mp3 is playing , and then i would immediately pause it so that my app does not embarrass you by blasting your music out loud every time you unplug your headphones . they could be performing this type of check ( when receiving an alert from the system that the state of the user 's headphone jack has changed ) and either reading the state of the headphone jack incorrectly or evaluating the " are we playing audio " state of their own application ( or both ) .
have you tried using headset blocker ?
the stock live wallpapers are actually apps found in the /system/apps folder . user installed ones are in /data/app . you will need to be rooted and have a root explorer to access these folders .
setting the correct system date and time . it turns out authentication requires establishing a secure connection with google’s server . the ssl certificate contains a expiration date which would be compared against the system date of the android system . if the system date is too far in the past or in the future , the validation would be failed , thus the connection cannot be established . this is a security measures of the https connection , so check your system date next time encountering such strange error message . or if that above fix is not working for you then you can try out ‘youtube connection trick’ to rectify this problem . follow the below steps – add youtube app and login into your gmail account . go through the gmail asp and add account if needed . sign in to your gmail account with your user name and the password . go through your login process and now try to check menu > settings > account and sync . select “add account” and add a secondary account . this solution will work out if the above doesn’t works .
in what country is your isp ? here in the phil , its the same problem because of the unreliable network . my workaround is to use some vpn services to remedy frequent disconnects . i currently use droidvpn , free version limited to 100mb a day . try it and comment on the result .
you can not delete it , only hide it . go to the google play website . make sure you are logged in . click the gear icon in the upper right then click settings . your devices should be listed there . uncheck " shown in menus " on the device you do not want to see any more .
i tried to do uname -a on my cm10.1 ( samsung galaxy s2 ) on the built-in terminal app . it returns : linux localhost 3.0.31-cm-g17c7b6e #1 smp preempt tue feb 19 01:11:17 pst 2013 armv71 gnu/linux kernel version : 3.0.31-CM-g17c7b6e smp : Symmetric Multi-Processor support preempt : kernel preemption is enabled kernel date : Tue Feb 19 01:11:17 PST 2013 processor : armv71
another way is to simply go to settings&rarr ; about phone , where you should see ( depending on your cyanogenmod version ) an item " cyanogenmod updates " , and ( with all cm versions ) " cyanogenmod-version":
i do not believe there are any android applications that will allow you to make notes on pdf files . you might be better off looking towards a windows capable tablet , since you would be able to run acrobat on that .
i dont think the xoom can be used with a pen , it wasnt designed for that , i have a xoom and all i use it for is browsing the internet and playing games , it could be a very useful tool for taking notes and such with the onscreen keyboard and i think it is very handy to have . it has a ton of hard drive space and if you download a good app that lets you take notes then i think it would be good for you , if you dont like typing your notes and you want to actually write them then i dont think the xoom is good for that . you could try using a pen with it but it could scratch the screen , you could ask someone at an at and t or verison store if they would recommend a tablet that suits your needs .
my android 2.2 ( samsung galaxy fit ) has two installed calendar provider . when i create a new calender-entry i can choose to put it into my own lcal calender or into the "xxx@googlemail.com-calender" in the cloud . i am not shure whether this is samsung specific or android standard .
i believe user 's zoks .netapplication is exactly what is required to answer the question . if you also want the new local calendars synced between your phone and other locations ( your own http/webdav/caldav/ftp server for example ) you might want to consider calendarsync . it has a hefty price tag , imho . but it does what it says it does . and is still being developed as of today . ( i am not affiliated with the app 's developers at all ) . calendarsync can also create local , standard android calendars . and all such calendars can always be accessed by other , normal calendar applications such as acalendar or digical . if you do not want any sync functionality zoks .netcalendar manager is an easy to use solution .
you could try calapp . calapp is a ical file browser and calendar application . it allows you to import events , todos , journal entries from ical , icalendar , ics , vcs formatted files to your smartphone and browse them selectively . it has a built-in calendar to store your notes , appointments , todo list etc .
https://market.android.com/details?id=de.mgsimon.android.andtidwiki and a tiddlywiki . html + calendar plugin
as far as i know , the only ' non-cloud ' one is ancal , which unfortunately seems a bit lacking in features . ( there does not seem to be a way to set alarm or silent , set end of event , export/import events . . . worse yet , it beeps for alarms that were a day ago ! ? )
recently created localcalendar app is what we needed . it works on android 2 . x too and is open source . ( github )
please check my android app called calendar manager . it creates a local calendar database which does not sync to any cloud storage . you can use other calendar apps to manage your appointments , since the databse integrates nicely into the android system . however , you can synchronize the database with your pc using software like myphoneexplorer . note : it only works on android 4 . x+
i developed an application named " local sync " for windows/outlook systems . you can visit the website for my project to see if it suits your needs . here is a brief excerpt : local sync application implements data synchronization ( tasks with color categories , notes with color categories , categories , contacts with color categories , files and calendar ) between android 2.2 and greater and microsoft outlook 2007 and greater via wi-fi , usb cable or bluetooth ( via bluetooth pan - wifi must be on ) . it is possible to synchronize one android device with many pcs and one pc with many android devices ( e . g . synchronize android with notebook and pc at home and with pc at work ) - local sync is primarily designed to support such a scenario .
i was recently recommended colornote , which keeps its calendar data separate from the stock calendar storage , and so ( presumably ) is less likely to accidentally send your private data to cloud services you do not wish to use . it has a very clean month-view , but the day view is quite limited - you can only see the first ten characters of each item ( at least on my tiny samsung galaxy europa ) and appointment times cannot be set , only appointment reminders . so for me - a substantial calendar user - it is not sufficient . i have tried a lot of calendar applications , and i am seeing that the vast majority of these interface with the stock calendar - the ui is very good , and i should think it saves developers a ton of work . hence , you need to be careful to keep the google account sync options disabled - turn it on and your data will be send to the cloud in short order - i.e. game over if you are opposed to this . ( the google account cannot be removed from the phone , as other applications " require " it ) . personally , i am considering a good calendar app that works with the stock calendar , then rooting the phone and installing a firewall . my guess is that i can limit the applications that use google services to a minimum ( i.e. . market/play ) so i can have reasonable confidence i am not going to accidentally use their calendar cloud . i appreciate this faffing is not of interest to everyone - but i would argue the process of not using the cloud really ought to be easier !
i think business calendar may fit your needs . although it has cloud sync , you can choose to use local only .
i got this response from koush , the developer of rom manager : clockworkmod recovery is open source . however , the hooks that rom manager uses to automate backups by hooking into clockworkmod recovery are proprietary . i have told other developers , if they wish to use the clockworkmod recovery hooks , they can do it in the following ways : 1 ) build , distribute , and support their own version of clockworkmod recovery , so that i am not responsible for the maintenance of it . 2 ) use the rom manager api , which requires a rom manager premium license . the user can always make backups manually in recovery , without a premium license . basically , the issue here is that developers are relying on me and my open source work , which i maintain , to build a competing product to my paid applications . essentially undercutting me by relying on me developing 90% of the product for them . it seems pretty silly for me to continue maintaining and distributing something that directly competes with my income , so i put a stop to it . if they want to build a competing product , they will have to go through all the hassles involved with building , distributing , and supporting recovery images . so , no , those other applications are not " blocked " from creating backups . they are just being lazy , and not actually building/flashing their own recovery image . nothing is preventing them from building a rom manager clone , if they really wanted to . they are just avoiding doing the hard part . so for now , i think you are best off finding out if rzrecovery supports your device variant , and if so , using it until there is a version of clockworkmod for it . i own rom manager premium and have no complaints , and i really respect koush for the work he does .
you could load a silent . mp3 sample as well .
the only way to mute group messages is to mute them for a time period , and the maximum duration is 1 week . to do this , open the group conversation you had like to mute , press menu and select Mute and then select the desired duration ( 8 hours , 1 day , 1 week ) . unfortunately this means you have to do this weekly and separately for all groups .
i know this is an old thread and you may have already found an answer , but i had the same problem after installing winamp 5 pro on an android device . i had previously had no problems with winamp standard on both android and pc i upgraded the pc version to winamp pro and now it all works as expected again . so i suspect you need the same version of winamp on both platforms ie . either standard or pro
after some look-ups , i have to come into conclusion that you cannot do this . as you thought it is your ethernet connectivity that prohibits you from this . when you are using the ethernet-connected modem device for wifi , there is only one device in your wifi network . but winamp says , Make sure your PC and Android phone are on the same Wi-Fi network. note : if you really need this syncing feature , you can get a wifi adaptor and connect your pc and phone to the same network and do syncing
dashclock widget is an amazing app to let you view missed calls or notifications right from your lock screen for android 4.2 and up . since you are still on android 4.1.2 , install widgetlocker lock screen and use it .
aha ! as edlarerathis commented , you can change this in awd settings . settings -&gt; ADW settings -&gt; system preferences -&gt; Home orientation  change from landscape to auto/sensor .
i found the answer ( whether it is the best way to do it i am not sure ! ) i removed the google account and re added it . it asked me to sign in and once i had , a page came up where i could tick or untick each part of google that i wanted to sync , ie : email , contacts , calendar , internet , books etc . . . . it all seems to work now ! paul
sync can be turned on from the pull down menu ( windowshade ) from any screen . i just found it .
while peter 's answer is correct , there is more to the story , at least on 4.1.1 . i know the op says 4.1.2 , but i add this in case some or all of it is the same in 4.1.2 , or for the sake of anyone with 4.1.1 who happens by this question . there is a global Sync setting available in the notification panel widgets . it is all the way to the right ( you will have to scroll the widgets to see it ) : from what i gather , this is not there in 4.1.2 , unless you reconfigure the notification switches to put it there . the tricky thing is , you can get there another way , as indicated in the op . this option is also available by going to Settings -> Data Usage and tapping the menu button : this is an awful design , in my opinion . but that is the way it is . what you see in the items under Settings -> Accounts can change based on whether or not Auto sync data is turned on . for example , with it switched off , the google account sync options look like this : and with it switched on , they look like this : so , to make sure that your phone will automatically sync with your google calendar , you need to enable Auto sync data and then check Sync calendar under the google account sync options ( because the check box will not be there until you turn Auto sync data on ) .
android 4.1.2 does not has an accounts and sync option under settings , it just has the text accounts , each of your account in a row ( if you have any account added to the device ) and the plus sign at the bottom to add more accounts . " auto sync data " must be enabled . go to " settings > data usage > click the menu button on your device > check " auto sync data . " autosync for each application is under each application menu . for example , if you have your google account configured , you have to select google > and there you will see the sync options . in this case you will see sync calendar , contacts , etc and their respective checkboxes to enable/disable them . check the screenshots/steps to get there : go to settings > accounts and click the one you want to setup . once inside , click on the account name with the sync icon . you will see the sync options for that account .
i just had the same issue . the first answer will not work if you updated from 4.1.1 to 4.1.2 , while having sync toggled off . the simplest solution is to add the sync button again in the notification panel . then , toggle it on from there . the settings to modify the buttons in the notification panel ( panel at the top of the phone ) is under Display &gt; Notification panel . drag and drop the icon into the notification panel after removing unwanted icons .
make sure satellite layer is off , and swipe the screen down with 2 fingers .
3d maps includes 3d models of some cities . london is not included , yet , but new york is , as are cardiff and birmingham on the uk . you do not need to do anything to view them other than select the map layer , zoom right in , and then swipe down with 2 fingers to angle the view . ( the 3d models appear if you are looking straight down , but it misses the point , somewhat . . . )
i have sort of successfully enabled call recording of both inbound and out bound using callrecorder and alsa . the problem i have is callrecorder crashes multiple times during the phone call and restarts another session .
the issue is related to , as far as i know , cyanogenmod policies . . in some countries call recording is illegal and therefore cm team has not implemented this feature . it is really annoying because the issue applies to certain ( but not all ) regions of the world . i do hope that cm developers will come up with some sort of hack in the future . for now i am using auto call recorder ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appstar.callrecorder ) and using mic as a source . the volume of inbound audio is very low unless the mic is turned on during the call . call recording is the only feature i lack in cm . . .
try and clear the app data . settings > play music > clear data . this should re-scan your whole sd card for music . if this does not work , uninstall google play music , remove your mp3 files , the reinstall google play music . if that still fails , try another app like doubletwist .
if the problem is really that rsync renames the files , try rsync --inplace .
you can get free storage space the same way you do on your pc : uninstall some apps you are not using . you might find it useful to go into the device settings , then apps ( or applications manager ) , then press the menu key and choose sort by size to see which are taking up the most space . if you have lots of videos , photos , or music in your internal storage , delete them , or move them to your sd card .
there is no way to add additional ram to your android device ( as you have tagged your question " ram " i assume you are meaning ram ) . so : sorry , you will not be able to solve this .
each vendor is able to customize android to suite their whimsy . i am using a $250usd toshiba thrive ( os 4.0.3 ) , a curtis klu mid704 ( os 4.1.1 , and one of the rockchip clones ) a polaroid branded pmid704 and a zte phone . of all these , the polaroid and curtis have ethernet support in the settings . i am using a radio shack belkin usb-to-ethernet adapter , which is supported off-the-shelf by android . ( only the toshiba thrive has a full size type-a usb jack . the others need adapters , not available at radioshack . ) the polaroid is " broken " in that the ethernet does not work . you click on it in settings and it clicks but does nothing . the crappy $75usd curtis works , it shows me my ip and mac address in settings and i can set static ip parameters including ip address , gateway , netmask , and 2 dns servers . however , the android frameworks ( in the java ( tm ) -like language ) are broken . the connection managers only support wifi and mobile data . you can inquire about the eth0 device but can not open a connection or do anything with it . so basically , your mileage may vary from mfr to mfr , and tabbly to tabbly . good luck ! -dave
microsoft has an ebook gallery available at http://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/11608.e-book-gallery-for-microsoft-technologies.aspx there is several slices from sql server books online there .
k9 ( imho the best mail client for android ) currently lacks this feature . if you want this feature , please vote for it without leaving " i want this too comments " i do not know of any other alternatives .
i would first try updating the phone with official kies software . download it from here , install it on your computer , and run it . the program should walk you through the upgrade process . if the above fails , you may have to go the hard way and follow instructions from here . this post from xda-developers forum has links to various region-specific roms , as well as instructions for flashing it via 3rd-party tools : installation : - download appropriate ics rom , and extract the . tar file from the zip . - download odin , open it . - select pda tab and point to rom file . leave re-partition , pit , csc , phone tab unchecked . - switch off device , put it in download mode ( hold down Vol Down + Home + Power buttons ) . - completely close kies and any anti-virus applications if running - connect device to pc - " id:com " port should turn yellow - now click Start - after reboot , you will see screen showng android updating , then will install some application . * important note : all the links and instructions i provided are for the samsung galaxy note international model - n7000 . if you have a different , carrier-specific variant ( e . g . us at and t 's sgh-i717 or south korean shv-e160x models ) , you will need to search for kies and/or stock rom version applicable to your specific model number .
if you are adventurous and know your way around odin ( samsung 's firmware flashing tool ) , you can go here to get the correct regional firmware for your samsung galaxy note . important : make sure you download the correct firmware for your device and region . for example , xsa is the regional code for australia . next , download odin from the same site and use it to manually flash your device with a new firmware . you may also need the samsung usb drivers for windows ( if you are using this os ) . go here , or here to get the usb drivers . after you have downloaded all the required software , do this in order ( note : these instructions are only for microsoft windows ) : install the samsung usb drivers onto windows . extract the samsung galaxy note 's firmware . start odin . shut down or power off your samsung galaxy note . go into download mode by holding volume down + home + power simultaneously . ( note : do not press the " power " button first or the device will boot up ) . then , when prompted , press volume up button on the device to start the download mode . connect your note 's usb cable - one end into your note ; the other end into a usb port in your computer , or a usb hub connect to your computer . back in odin , you should see a com port highlighted in yellow - this is your note 's com port that odin will use to flash the firmware onto the device . next , click the pda button and locate the firmware extracted in step 2 above . in odin , ensure that only the auto reboot and f . reset time options are selected . then , click start button and wait ( for a couple of minutes ) . once odin signalled pass , unplug the usb connector from your note and let the device reboot normally . you should be able to regain access to your device after it has rebooted . you do not need to use samsung 's crappy kies application . if you have it installed already on your computer , uninstall this useless bloatware . just use odin for flashing any new firmware for your samsung galaxy note .
most android phones come with an app called " downloads " where you can find any file you may have downloaded from the internet . from there , you should be able to view the picture and set it as your background through the Menu key settings . another way might be to look in your Gallery application ( or any photo viewer ) . most of these will display the downloads folder ( or any folder that holds image files ) , where you can view the image and set it as your background . worst case scenario , i would look in your browser settings to see if you can find a folder path for where it is saving downloaded information ( again , ususally /sdcard/downloads ) and use a file manager ( like x-plore ) to find and open the file , where you will be able to set it as your wallpaper .
i use " wallpaper saver " to save wallpapers when i have thrown away the original . get it from play : [url="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree"]https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree[/url]
as flow already pointed out in his comment to the question , that is a known bug . however , if you are affected , there is at least a kind of " ugly work-around " , as described in the article how to solve battery issues after ics update in your galaxy note . their conclusion states : anyway , this is a kernel bug in ics , we have to wait for new update . the solution for this is : shutdown your note , peel off the back cover , remove the battery ; hold the battery for more than one min , put the battery back , put back the back cover ; start the phone . then , everything goes back to normal . reboot your phone will not solver this issue , at least for me . next time , when you encounter this issue again , try the procedure again . they further write that , if you once encountered this bug and worked-around this way , it seems it is hard to hit the bug again -- so with some luck , you will only have to do this once . and yes , i saw that article refers to the galaxy note . but talking about a kernel bug in ics , and your tablet being from the same manufacturer , chances are pretty good this solution will apply to your tablet as well .
xda-developers has a link in this thread , grabbed from a cc-may-2010 froyo rom . found it in appbrain and cyrket . also , it is in the market as of sept 14 , 2010 on my incredible . good luck linking to that one .
try to force close the particular app/service that is causing this problem ( that is the app/service that is sending that message ) . and if possible , uninstall that app . if uninstalling is not possible , you may need to root your phone to either uninstall/stop it from starting on bootup/stop it from sending message .
under ' settings ' there should be an option ' connect to pc ' . from here you can change the connection type or get the phone to ask you each time it plugs in . ( apparently this is an htc sense specific setting ( ? ) so not as relevant here ) . edit : an answer here has directions to the usb settings . if it is still not working after changing the settings it may be worth trying another usb cable . are you sure the cable is working ok ? does the phone indicate that it is charging when it is plugged in to the pc ? the cable needs to be capable of data transfer ( some will only supply power for charging ) . also , the usb port needs to be usb 2.0 , not 1.0 or 1.1 if you are sure the cable is working and the phone is still not recognised this might be a windows problem perhaps . try re-installing the device driver by ' uninstalling ' the phone in device manager ( see link below for details ) : info in answer from this post here
try an alternative cable , some non official ( cheaper ) leads can break for easier than others and cause the phone not to charge properly , hence why your phone is making a sound and switching the screen on and off
you are ( not ) in trouble . or at least you cannot tell anymore by simply taking a look at the notification bar . with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) came a few design changes ; one of them was to turn those notification icons permanently gray , officially to be " less distracting " . so how can you tell if there are issues with your connection to the google servers ? according to an androidpit blog , you now have to check with the quick-settings , where problems are indicated by icons turned red/orange .
i faced the same problem when using my asus memopad hd7 . for home connection a static ip worked fine , however this was not acceptable . i did a bit of research and found out it should be possible after gaining root access to the device to delete the corresponding cache file . as i needed a fast solution i just did a factory reset of the pad , which resolved the issue for me .
the dex file stored in dalvik-cache is an optimized ( "odex" ) file . for historical reasons it carries the file extension " . dex " . the canonical documentation on dexopt is in dalvik/docs/dexopt . html . it is a bit stale at this point but is a reasonable starting point .
here is a ( mostly ) non-android solution for you . you will need to ( sign up for and ) use if this then that . create a recipe . 1 your this will be the gmail channel , specifically the any new email trigger . 2 your that will be however you had like to be notified . i like pushover but sms will work just as well . you will use the send me an sms action ( or send a notification for pushover ) . 3 now you can be notified of new messages in your gmail without even actually having gmail on your phone . 4 1 if you prefer , you can just use this recipe ( sms ) or this recipe ( pushover ) . 2 if you do not want to be notified on every new message , there are other triggers you can use , like " new email from " or " new email from search " that can be more specific . 3 unfortunately there is no google+ channel . there a lots of other channels for lots of other services . 4 ifttt triggers usually do not go off more than every fifteen minutes , so do not expect your notification to be instantaneous .
i gave the answer to al e . for taking the time to help me and provide a great working solution . ( though not the solution i ended up going with as 1 ) i did not want to fork over $5 for the pushover app or 2 ) i would already implemented another solution that works great as well . the solution i went with was this https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.shapeservices.impluslite the app is called im+ it is free to use and install with ads . set it up with your email accounts and go into settings and switch on " google push mode " in " push settings " turn off or even disable the gmail app and voila -- gmail push settings without syncing . the great thing about the xmpp network is , there are a lot of other services you can get push notifications for for free . thanks to everyone who helped out with this .
essentially , a lower signal strength will lead you device to use more power that in turn drains your battery faster and causes the device to heat . the farther away you are from the closest cell tower , more your device needs to put out a higher power level in order to reach the tower . transmitting at a higher power level requires more energy from the battery . an elevated power level causes your device to heat in result of the extra effort being conducted . if you are in a really weak signal area , try turning off mobile data . you can still receive calls and sms ( but not mms ) .
why ? when the phone signals are weak , the android os constantly scan the area thoroughly . this requires more battery power . that is the reason your phone gets so hot when you are in areas with poor reception . could it be solved ? that is the reason it is advised to turn flight mode on when you are is low-signal areas to preserve your battery life . is it a hardware problem ? yes . and that problem is common to all the android devices . so nothing to worry . why not iphone ? for the comparison with iphone , the specs of android device of each manufacturer varies from one another whereas it does not in apple deceives ( not everybody get to produce a device which can run ios , thanks to the apple inc . patents . ) as the android specs vary from device to device , it is highly likely that the battery performance will differ from device to device as well .
i am also agree with the point mentioned by @sid when there is no signal or low signal then system continuously scan the network that require more power from battery and it leads to battery heat-up . that is why it is suggested that keep airplane mode off when it is not necessary .
is SPR-L720VPUEMJA-20131030154609.zip stock rom ? if yes , you can use the odin tool to flash that rom . i assume have already installed samsung kies ( so phone drivers are installed ) . with this done , open odin ( do not change any settings ) . load L720VPUEMJA_L720SPTEMJA_L720VPUEMJA_HOME.tar.md5 into the pda section into the rom . put your phone into download mode ( vol down + home + power ) , and plug it into odin . odin should be able to detect that phone . when it does , start the flashing process .
opera mobile is a " full " browser performing all rendering activities on your android device . opera mini passes your requests through opera 's servers to render/scale/"tweak " for your device . opera mini tends to be faster . opera mobile tends to hit your device 's resources harder . security folk cringe about opera mini and your traffic going through 3rd party ( yet opera ) servers . think about that before doing your online banking with mini . . . read more in the comparison chart here : http://www.opera.com/mobile/features/
from my experience : opera mini is faster , opera mobile is slow . however if you are too conscious about security use mobile instead .
size : opera mobile is ~20mb , opera mini is barely 900kb . rendering : opera mobile downloads html from web server and renders the website on your phone , opera mini downloads an optimized version ( in opera 's binary markup language/obml ) of the website from opera 's proxy . opera mobile is more resource hungry , on opera mini many of the rendering task is done on the proxy server , which cuts the amount of processing , bandwidth , and memory requirement data usage : opera mini downloads a obml ( opera binary markup language ) from opera 's server , which compresses pages by up to 90% ( according to opera ) . opera mobile downloads the whole webpage from the original site , which can amount to quite a bit of bandwidth ( note that opera mobile can also use opera turbo , which can also reduce bandwidth usage ) . last i checked , zooming in and out and rotating the screen in opera mini would not reflow the text . opera mobile has full javascript support , opera mini only supports a very limited subset of javascript in short , opera mini is much faster and much leaner , which is especially noticeable on less powerful devices and on slow networks ; however opera mini is not a full-featured browser ( and is never meant to be ) . opera mini is much faster on slower network and slower phones . opera mobile is a full-featured browser . it has full javascript , it connects to websites directly instead of going through opera 's server , and it is usable to access intranet websites that opera 's proxy server cannot access .
i use nokia 5320 and i used opera mobile and mini opera mini is faster than opera mobile and low power consuption and less data usage opera mobile use more than battery and more than data usage opera mini is better than uc and other browsers so i suggest every one use opera mini when you have a limite data plan when you have unlimited data plan you used opra mobile .
if you are running net on 2g sim then i recommend you opera mini . but if you are running net on 3g or wifi , then opera mobile would be the best option .
comment : you probably were unable to get it to work because you may not have had the ftp server set up first . you will need to set up an ftp server on your machine and open the appropriate ports for it to function correctly . are you running windows , linux or mac ?
you could setup a ftp server on your computer and use andftp to connect to it .
you could sign up for dropbox and install their android app . http://www.dropbox.com/android
oh -- i found it dropspace allows one to select a folder on android -- and keep it fully synced with any ( but not the root ) dropbox folder .
note dropbox has their own implementation of this , but it is not at all the same ( i recommend dropsync instead ) . you can mark individual files as a favorite , then they sync normally : downloading ( favoriting ) files to your phone or tablet the mobile app shows you the list of your files , but it only downloads the actual files as needed , such as when you tap on a file to view it . to ensure that a file is always on your device and up to date , mark it as favorite . this will also make it available when your device is offline .
dropspace has some limitations according to it is description on the play store : *** current limitation: Only files existing on the sdcard are synced. That is, it's not a full 2-way sync.  i have been using dropsync . it does sync in both directions and i have had no cause for complaint .
to download , you need to open the dropbox app , and select the file you want to download . to upload , you need to open the dropbox app , and select Upload here from the dropbox menu . the files you see on the dropbox app are not the actual files . they are only links that are in the dropbox server , which you must download . the dropbox app for android does not work the same way as the dropbox app for the pc . the pc version automatically downloads / syncs the file on your pc .
foldersync is also able to sync folders with dropbox and it supports tasker automation as well . this way you can configure - for instance - tasker so to trigger a sync whenever you connect to your home wifi . the only drawback is that foldersync is not getting updates since quite a while , unfortunately .
it is easy . go to settings , and then tap backup and reset . tap reset phone . if you also want to delete media and other data on htc one , select erase all data . tap ok . you can check htc website also
the actual setting is : settings storage towards the bottom is the factory reset option
settings> accounts> backup and reset> factory data reset
adm only works if the device is signed into the google account that you are using in the web interface . if the device in question no longer belongs to you , presumably it will never sign into your account , so there is nothing to worry about .
yes . just remove the sim from the phone . in the message settings of phone , it will show as disabled . restart the phone , and check and uncheck cell broadcast settings . then insert the sim in your phone . it worked for my phone , so hopefully it will work for yours as well .
setting - call - cell broadcasting - x
please open your stock " messaging " app --> go to settings inside messaging app --> scroll down and you should have " cell broadcast settings " option . click on that and there uncheck the option provided . hope this solves your problem .
no , ota updates only work with unmodified system images . if you can download a new official system image , you will still be able to flash that yourself , but you will probably have to root again after you have done that .
a common problem on android devices is that android will keep and safe all applications which are in your system directory ( system apps/apps installed from the factory ) . this is exactly the same problem i had with my sony xperia arc s . i have fixed this by rooting my phone and install " system cleaner root " ( note : only rooted devices can use this app and you will probably lose your warranty when you root your phone ) and run that application . it will search for saved update files on your phone which are system apps , and then delete these old update files . the problem should be fixed . as long as you run " system cleaner root " once in a while .
you can try " clean master " app . this application will find how much junk is stored on your device and it will give you options to clear those unwanted files safely . it will scan both phone memory and memory card to see if there is anything taking up the space . you will have the option to select or de-select as per your choice and clean the junk . hope this solves your problem .
i have also had the same problem . personaly i solved the issue by booting in the recovery mode on my samsung phone and clearing the cache partition . also , thigs could work is using some cleaning apps , which would release some memory which was being used by application to cache the data . you might also want to uninstall some application with are not being used personal ( pre installed applications , like s calender on samsung touch wiz . ) would advice regular cleaning of the cache partition to prolong the phone usage . using galaxy s2 for about 3 years now .
if you have taken a nandroid backup , then that is where your remaining space is . also , since you are rooted , check /mnt . the data you have pushed through adb might be there , and you could delete it .
i have had the same issue . what solved my problem was clearing application cache through application manager for chrome and others . i fail to see the connection , but it worked for me .
you need to add another file browser besides the built in gallery . astro file manager should fit the bill nicely .
try clearing the cache of the messaging app . from the home screen : Menu | Settings | Applications | Manage applications | All | Messaging | Clear cache if that does not work , i would try the following , in this order : force stop restart the phone ( off then on ) clear data ( will likely lose your sms messages )
install soundabout and route the audio to the headphones .
as the error says , you have got 2 options use kies to install the upgrade . wait until your carrier 's wind-up toy servers get un-overloaded . a third option would be to obtain an image of the appropriate firmware ( e . g . from samfirmware ) and flash it via odin , though this is slightly more involved . as an addendum , i was getting this myself with my own gs3 on virgin mobile canada ( aka bell canada ) and i ended up waiting just about 2 days , from the initial reports of people upgrading on sunday until i got it late tuesday evening .
this is the issue with android . the 1gb internal storage is classed as an ' internal sd card ' . a section of this ( normally about a 10th ) will be used to store /data . /data is where the apps are installed too , and is mounted as a completely different area . the rest of the 1gb internal storage is most likely mounted at /sdcard , and the external sdcard mounted at /sdcard_ext or something similar . this is down to the history of android devices , and can be quite annoying . an example that shows this is correct is my sgs2 . the app install area has 1gb of memory , and the rest of the 10gb internal is used as an internal sd card . this is why when you select to move an app to the sd card , it moved it to the 1gb space . if it grayed out , it is already on the sd card , or the developer does not want it installed on the sd card .
it seems that you have a boot loop or some other booting problem . you can try clearing dalvik cache and rebooting . to clear dalvik cache , press and hold home button when phone is booting . this takes you to cwm . go to advanced > wipe dalvik cache . if that does not fix , data wipe-> flash rom-> wipe dalvik cache and reboot . if it still does not boot , i suggest reverting to cm7 otherwise . cm support for ace is patchy beyond cm7 ( i learnt this the hard way after flashing my aunt 's phone with an experimental cm9 build ) .
according to the cyanogenmod devices overview page the samsung galaxy ace is not supported by cm9 and cm10 . the download page for the galaxy ace only has cm7 roms and the links for cm9 and 10 lead to their google plus post about not supporting first generation snapdragon devices past the cm7 branch . that post can be seen here . it looks like someone may have compiled a cm10 " lite " rom from the cm source that can be found here and someone at xda compiled a full rom here . if you installed either of those i would suggest rebooting into recovery and clearing data , cache , etc . and then try re-flashing the rom . there is also a list of roms in xda 's development forum here .
have you explored the layers option in your maps app ? your saved maps can be shown as a layer . in the following image ( courtsey : howto.cnet.com ) you can see the " my maps " section . expanding my maps will show all your saved maps . it requires a data connection to use this feature . update : while composing this reply , i cross checked my input with the google maps app in my mobile . my mobile is running v2.3.3 and having google maps of version 6 . x . i could see the " my maps " section in the layer and i could overlay one of my saved maps . when i saw op 's comment that " my maps " was not found , i cross checked it with my nexus 7 running 4.3.3 and google maps v7.3.3 . it has indeed no " my maps " at all . after some search , i understood from this page that " my maps " has been removed - may be in favour of google maps for business . update : i just found a new app from google at its play store named " google maps engine " which seems to overlay the stored ( though not the old ones , but only the ones that were created with new google maps for desktop ) maps .
google finally offers the solutions : google maps engine can solve the problem and is free available in the play store
because the applications that you download are tied to that google account . that way , if you buy any paid applications , and your phone is wiped , or you buy a new phone , all you need to do is make sure that account is logged in on that phone , and you can re-download any of those paid apps without having to pay for them again . it also enables you to go the google play store with your pc , and choose apps to be directly installed onto your phone without even touching your phone . i do it all the time and it works great .
in order to understand if the problem is of your phone or of something else , ask your boyfriend if he sees a double-check or just one check ( ✓ ) near the messages he sent you , but you did not receive . if there are two checks , the message was delivered to your phone , but for some reasons it is not shown up . maybe because of a malicious application ? if there is just one check , the problem is on the side of whatsapp as messages are sent to their servers but not delivered to you .
if you have read around , then you will already have read that the idea of " free ram " is a bit of a nonsense for android . pc operating systems take an app out of ram as soon as you quit it , which leaves empty space that the pc probably has to spend power on filling again afterwards - probably with the same app next time you run it . android tries to avoid this waste by leaving apps in memory after you stop using them or after they finish running , so that they are ready to run again next time . if it needs more ram for an app , only then does it get rid of these cached processes . android will first get rid of cached processes , based on how soon it thinks it is going to need them again . if it still needs more ram for the foreground activity , it'll get rid of background services ( which sync your email etc . but are not directly visible ) . if it still needs more ram , it'll get rid of activities that are directly accessible but are not currently visible , such as the launcher , the activity you will go back to when you press back ( maybe even in the same app as the activity that is running ) , or the greyed-out activity that is partly visible behind a dialog . this way , even if you have no free ram , android can free up quite a lot of ram for the foreground activity : all the ram on the device , except that needed by android itself . i suggest to work out the best setting using trial and error . without more knowledge of the app , i can not predict the effect of having the setting too low : perhaps the ai will make worse moves , or take longer to decide . if the setting is too high , you will notice that when you leave the chess game you have to wait for the previous app to launch : this is particularly noticeable when it is the launcher , and you get a spinning progress indicator instead of the list of apps . if this were one of my apps , i would consider this a bug . it is bad form to give the user a setting with no way to know what value to set . the app has more information about how much ram the device has and can make available than you do : it should decide itself .
hold Power and V- for 10+ seconds . release . press the Power and Home buttons for several seconds , you should see a samsung logo , entering your device into recovery mode . if you can get to this point , the display is function properly . if issues persist , plug in the device and let it charge completely , and then remove the batter , giving it time to discharge completely .
usually when this happens to me , my battery is dead and has really zero power to even turn on . give it some time in the charger .
the bad news : you very probably can not . if the manufacturer decides to backdoor your phone 's firmware , it is hardly detectable by individuals . phones consist of many components of which only a tiny fraction is really authored by the manufacturer . think of drivers and firmwares for various chips like the baseband , wifi , sensors , the various open source parts like the linux kernel , the android system itself , the closed source google apps and additional 3rd party packages from other other companies , that are preloaded . to be sure , you would need all of the firmwares ' source code and a way to compile it in a way such that the official builds and your build match bit by bit to prove that the source code matches the firmware ( and nothing was secretely altered ) . now one still needed to audit all the source and scan it for backdoors/vulnerabilities . to get an idea : truecrypt is a popular disk encryption software for many operating systems . in the wake of the nsa scandal its sources have recently been binary matched with the official windows releases which was a very tedious process ( report here ) . a source code audit has not been conducted yet , but there is a ( now ) still running indiegogo project for funding that audit with currently ~35k us$ pledged for doing it .
it is possibly your email client that is set up by default to not fully download each email to potentially save bandwidth ( e . g . only load headers or only headers + body w/o attachments ) . do you have an internet connection when you hit the " download " button ? please also note , that this download is done in the background and depending on the size of the content that is going to be loaded this may take some time . you might also have a look into your email clients settings and switch on full email fetching by default ( so all content is prefetched in the background on reception of new mails ) .
if you previously used whatsapp , then delete the whatsapp folder in the sdcard and try initializing you will lose all the previous msgs and i am not sure if it works
go to settings , applications , click the all tab and scroll down to internet . then clear cache see if it works , if not clear data .
i had the same problem opening attachments ( . doc ) in email . i tried clearing the cache - did not work , but . . . under settings . . . applications . . . view all . . . internet . . . scroll down to " launch by default " , and click clear defaults . next , when opening an attachment , select chrome and just once ( or something other than internet ) . worked for me ! ! !
i have had a similar problem with the contacts sync for an exchange account . i found that deleting the account on my desire and re-adding it made the errors go away . give it a try .
i found this in another forum : go to the people ( contact list ) app go to the online directories ( globe ) tab select facebook you will be asked to log in to your facebook account . once logged in , you will see all of your contacts on your facebook account . return to the full list of your contacts on the phone and try and sync
starting with about ics ( android 4.0 ) , not all devices do support app2sd anymore ( for reference , see also : how to move application to sd card in samsung galaxy s duos ; the galaxy s duos and lg optimus 4x are two of those devices -- looks like your galaxy s3 mini is another candidate , if the " move to . . . " option is not there at all ) . this is , however , not the fault of android ; it is rather the manufacturers/rom bakers who decided such : whatever their support might say ( and at least lg support blames android 4 . x not being able to do app2sd ) , android 4 . x itself can deal fine with app2sd , as plenty of devices prove . as for a possible alternative , you might want to check move app to sd card , which suggests a.o. link2sd . note , however , that root is a pre-condition for this app .
i have cm10.2 nightly kernel and happens exactly the same . i read that some peolple with cm10.2 quarx didn´t have this trouble . on the other hand i could not find any solution , so i am thinking in testing cm9 ( for motorola defy+ ) or go under cm7 .
it depends on how the android image you are using was built . when you build a rom image from the android sources , you set what drivers are included in the image , according to what target hardware you are expecting to use it with . if you got the android image from the manufacturer of the tv box , it should have drivers for all the hardware in the device . ( at the very least , it should say if anything is missing . ) if you are using a third-party image that was created for that device , again , the author should tell you which hardware is supported . if you are using a third-party image that was not created for that device , it probably will not work at all . if you are building your own android image , then you should look in the sources you are building from , to see if the hdmi driver is included ; if you do not already know how to do this , you probably should not be trying to build your own rom . you might also find can i install android on my non-android device ? useful reading .
you can use invitation plugin to open ics files directly in google calendar application . it can open ics invitations from email attachments or from files on sdcard . it requires at least android 4+ ( ice cream sandwich ) to run . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleansoft.invitationplugin and i am an author of this app .
the best is " ics databridge " . that´s free app on android apps and works perfect . the size is just 22kb and its function is absolutely without any issues . i can recommend it . i try it and it is really workfull and simple .
your usb port is bad - this is a hardware issue . take the phone in for warranty service . edit : i had this happen on my nexus s as it came out of the box today . i flashed the latest stock rom , then re-installed cyanogenmod over top ( and restored my data ) . it seems to be a little less flaky . you may not be able to do anything of the sort , but it may help others .
i have one thing to say . before even concluding it as a hardware issue , you can do one more thing . go to Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Settings Reset -&gt; Reset Phone it does not remove any personal data on the phone and resets the settings only . the phone restarts itself . now plug in your cable to the pc and see if the same issue continues to happen . if it happens again then it is purely hardware issue .
it was the cable . the store gave me a new cable , but it was power only . i did not know some cables were power , but no data . i will be returning that . thanks to matthew for his suggestion in the comment .
have a look at mygps4u . exactly what you are looking for .
not a definite answer but an idea . you can also try automation applications like tasker and write a small sequence that will periodically report the gps location .
finally found an answer : it is not possible . samsung implementation of mtp works incorrectly so device cannot be used in standard tools like gmtp . moreover , mtp application on the phone crashes sometimes during data transfer .
there is an option in the sipdroid settings ( that appears automatically the first time you start it ) saying whether it should be the default dialer or not . you will need to change that setting .
i can confirm that it is possible with the i5800xxjpf update with the 4 ( out of 5 ) separate files and the odin multi downloader tool . here are the instructions of how to update 2.1 eclair to 2.2 froyo .
if you are using jelly bean , then in manage apps , you can turn off notifications for the specific app . keep in mind , this will turn off all notifications for the app .
are you by chance addressing bazaar ? if that is the case you can simply go the application specific page and hit the cancel button . this should remove the notification .
go to ; setting-> apps -> all apps -> download manager select download manager clear cache and data . notification of sticky downloads will be removed . i have tested this on a sony xperia j with android version 4.0
as already answered by nikola , you should go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All . select the download manager in the app list , and then press clear all data . you may have to restart the mobile after this is done .
if you can not remove any buggy notification from notification bar , then do this goto settings --> applications --> ( click on app which created that notification ) --> force close . then reopen that application .
i have the same problem . . . you should go to settings , apps , all , find there download manager and clear all data there . it helps in my case . good luck :- )
i had the same issue , after giving up on waiting more , i restarting the phone . after reboot , the update started from where it was , and finished as originally intended . to restart the phone , hold Vol-Down + Power for a few seconds . posting answer as the op only posted solution in a comment .
it is simple : when the hardware keyboard is attached , the tray ( lower right of screen ) has a keyboard icon . click it and the top option is use hardware keyboard on/off .
total guess here : press and hold the power button . is there a power saving option in the popup menu ?
try a swipe down on the top status bar , do not you see a toolbar with a button to turn it off ? if you do not see that probably you can customize the buttons on them and add what you wanted to it . hope it helps .
although you can not find out what apps are ' slowing down ' your phone , you can find out which apps are using your battery the most . generally if apps are using a lot of battery power , they are probably slowing down your phone too . you can find the list of apps vs battery usage in settings > battery .
there is yet another aspect , constantly running background ( daemon ) services that are usually associated with network updates , mails , facebook , sugarsync , dropbox etc . . can get the juice out of your phone very quickly , you need to keep track of such ' zombie ' apps that keep these background services running . look at them once and make sure you keep what you need . be careful it can have lot of side effects . settings -> applications -> manage applications -> running ( tab ) hope it helps you .
hmm . . . . . try " advance task killer " which force stop all apps except for selected . or manually by going to application select force stop on each application .
i have published an app called wakelock detector on google play which may help you . in android , wakelocks can be used by apps to keep your phone running even when you turn off the screen . my app shows currently running apps with their wakelock information .
i found a solution , it is watchdog application , indicates wicht applications slowing down phone and kill them , and everything is back to normal !
the watchdog task manager app is really great for these kinds of problems .
there is this app called antennas . it can not do everything you have asked for . but it can show you the tower you are connected to , the signal level , and other towers from you carrier that your phone can see/connect to and their signal level . map the gsm/cdma antennas in your neighborhood . this app monitors the gsm/cdma cellular network connection ; displays a map of approximate cellular antenna locations and their rf signal strength ; and can log the data to a text or kml file . does not work on verizon 3g and cdma support is limited by android , not by the application cdma requires eclair works best with 2g gsm . 3g/cdma support is very limited .
open signal map does some very similar stuff , its accuracy depends on how much data its got for your current area , but seems pretty good in built up areas . i used it to help work out why i always had such a terrible signal at my parents house , turned out my phone kept connecting to a cell tower on the island you can just see from the end of their road , rather than the cell tower two roads down .
while i am not 100% sure , i do remember that this was a thing that would happen , either a function or " bug " . the issue , if you want to call it that , lies within ad ( active directory ) , or the authentication process of your account . exchange server will get your credentials from ad , and ad might let you use your old password for a while after changing , before it finally will reject your old password . of course , this will likely boil down to what server systems are at play , but it is a known " bug " that we have experienced at work . it should however not be a security issue as long as the user is the only person who know the passwords .
no . my friend got an extended battery so i tried my case with his phone -- the extended battery is really large , so it will not work . which is a shame , because the otterbox defender case is so large that a hypothetical extended battery otterbox defender would not be significantly bulkier than the current otterbox defender ( regular battery ) . if otterbox made a defender case specifically for the bionic with the extended battery , i would buy both that case and an extended battery . i guess that the market for that specific case is just too small .
android os updates can be region specific . it depends on the oem builds . in case of samsung , yes . you can update through odin , but other region binary may not have the required operator information or other settings related to your region . i suggest you wait for an update in kies . should be available soon .
typically yes , but i do not know that you could definitively say " always " since there is of course potential that some devices i am unaware of do not follow that pattern . usually , though , there are different firmwares due to regional differences in carrier bands/settings , wifi channels , and other considerations ( localization , possibly ) . as an example , though , take a look at the stock firmware listings for the motorola xoom . there are a whole bunch of different images available , divided up by both model number and region . there is also a thread here where people discuss how you could try to go about flashing a firmware from a different region via odin without affecting your connectivity . i do not know much about the process myself , though , as i have never done this .
when composing the " from " is a dropdown menu . it has all the accounts you have added via the webmail interface , and it is had this feature for a long time ( you should not need to upgrade ) .
you can use changelog droid app which featured one touch functionality to import your complete wish list into so called observed apps category and then you can export your observed apps to sd card ( preferences , export/import , export/import observed apps ) and sent this file ( /sdcard/cd_observed . json ) to your friends which can import your observed list into their changelog droid . yes they should install this app too , but this app is so good that they will be glad to use it anyway : ) for a few items in a wish list it is an overkill , but i have over one hundred apps in my wish list so in such a situation changelog droid is the acceptable way to realize sharing my complete wish list .
google officially renamed the market ( and its associated products ) to google play , which they announced on march 6th . google play encompasses all of the content distribution/sales services previously provided by google such as music , movies , and apps . due to this rebranding , the various android apps have also been renamed : google music is now play music google books is now play books google movies/videos is now play movies the market is now the play store the last one i have bolded because it will update itself , meaning that the market will suddenly seem to " disappear " . in reality , the application has simply been renamed , so open your app drawer and look for the " play store " app instead of the " market " app . the icon will resemble the same shopping bag as the market icon , but it will be white : the other three will not update on their own , but can be updated from within the play store as per usual . the functionality and visual design of the play store app is almost identical to that of the most recent market app versions ( 3.4+ or so ) . again , it is simply a renaming/rebranding of the original market app . however , if the market did get completely uninstalled for some other reason ( not associated with the play store update ) , you may need to look at android market disappeared ! how do i get it back ? which also discusses how to re-install the market .
your router may have a pairing button that you need to press . if it does , it must be pressed the first time you attempt to make a connection . be close to the router . turn off wi-fi , and hit " on " again . go to Settings &gt; Wireless networks &gt; Wi-Fi . my router is a cisco linksys x2000 , and i had problems too .
if you still want them to show up in your inbox , things get complicated . you would have to create filters to label every kind of message you do want notifications for , and then in the gmail app you would turn off notifications for the inbox , followed by syncing and turning on notifications for the label you just created . if you do not care if they show in your inbox , do the following from the web gmail : go to Mail Settings -&gt; Filters -&gt; Create new filter put youraddress@gmail.com in the to field put Chat with in the subject field hit next check Skip the inbox hit create filter alternatively you could turn off the saving of chat history , which disables offline messages , but that has its own downsides .
you should set some things on your phone : go to " settings " page , select " accounts and sync " unselect " background data " you can not receive any gmail messages , since you stop connecting with google server . if you want receive gmail messages , reselect " background data " .
as google 's web frontends get worse each day currently ( there used to be a nice way to merge contact with gmail , but with the latest re-designs i am not sure which features are still left in working order ) , you might wish to take a look at a few app-based solutions : contact remover plus : other than the name might suggest , the plus version also offers to merge contacts , copy contacts between accounts , and move contacts between accounts contrack mentions some " linking " stuff ( but not much details ) the first one looks the most promising in your context . not sure about facebook etc . though , as i do not use those networks .
kadlancer - check out http://www.fullcontact.com . ( full disclosure : i work for them , so i am a bit biased . but the issues you mentioned are exactly the issues we are trying to solve ) . we currently have a web app in private beta that pulls in contacts from various google contacts/gmail sources , as well as facebook , foursquare , linkedin , twitter , etc . it then adds social profile data to each , normalizes and de-dupes them , and syncs them back in real-time . within the next month we plan to roll out our public beta , which will support the linking of all of the above sources - meaning you can unify contacts across all your social networks/google accounts and have all your contacts in one place , automatically up-to-date . because we offer two-way sync in real-time , changes made in google contacts sync to fullcontact , and vice-versa - meaning that your data is your data , and stays where you want it ( no walled gardens ) . again , i work for them , so you had probably be right to take what i am saying with a grain of salt . but based on what you posted , it looks like the fullcontact address book will do almost everything you are looking to do ( with the possible exception of xing , which is currently not supported , but on the roadmap ) . i am not aware of any other app out there that does quite what we do , save smartr - which it sounds like you have already tried . good luck !
it has nothing to do with battery life ; the number of channels is a regulatory issue ( for example , in the us , only 11 channels are allocated for 2.4ghz wi-fi ) . technically , wi-fi is frequency hopping , so the " channel " is a center frequency around which the actual transmit frequency skips . you can not disable that ; it is part of the channel sharing arrangement ( wi-fi would be unusable if every client on the channel transmitted on the same frequency ) . and beyond that , which channel your device uses is determined by what ap you are associated with , so you have no control over it .
one thing you could do would be to set up an amazon ec2 ubuntu server instance as an openvpn server and then use the openvpn client app on your laptop . then you have to forward everything incoming to the server to the client interface ip address of the openvpn client running on your laptop . i have not done what you are wanting to do--the port forwarding part--but i easily could with the existing openvpn setup with some iptables tweaking to direct traffic to the client . this sounds more complicated than it is , but you still need to be somewhat comfortable with the linux command-line to get thru all this . as far as the cost of the ec2 , it is normally ≈$15/month , but i think they still have the deal where if you have never signed up for amazon aws before , then you can get a year for free . your own personal openvpn server is nice to have for when you are overseas and want to watch usa tv shows online ( b/c they refuse connections from outside the usa ) , or if you are in a place where content or services such as skype are blocked ( such as on planes ) . it basically makes selective blocking of services impossible . if you have specific questions , just send me a message .
one nice alternative to the ones you already have is group sms by tur han available from google play store . it allows you to compose the message and : add first and/or last name to the message text ; select the recipients individually . works pretty good , it is a free app ( small publicity banner ) , with no bugs on my end . shows the progress of each message being sent . if you go to the pro version , things just keep getting better and better : create groups of contacts for quick sending ( friends , family , work . . . ) history keeping and management enhance search bar select/deselect all your contacts with 1 touch template management history track of all messages with statistics add free
go to settings -> sound and make sure silent mode is set to vibrate , then in RINGTONE &amp; NOTIFICATIONS section , check the option vibrate on ring , then call yourself and it should vibrate .
press menu > settings > about phone ( scroll down ) > status . there is an item called battery level , which shows the currrent battery level in % . also the part battery use might be interesting . you will find a list with items that use the most battery there .
you can try battery notif free from android market . bardcode scanner compatible store link
battery indicator is a free app that does this : http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.darshancomputing.batteryindicator unfortunately it does not replace the stock icon , it just adds another that displys the #s . i am not aware of any way to replace or chage the stock icon , even with root acess .
Settings &gt; Display &gt; More settings &gt; Display battery as percentage .
if you use cyanogenmod , there is an option to show numeric battery percentage , and numeric signal strength in dbm on the status bar
first of you need to be clear that cyanogenmod is a custom rom based on android . so versions of cyanogenmod are based on versions of android . e.g. cyanogenmod 10.1 is based on android 4.2 so now straight to your question . yes you can basically do that . once you have downloaded and flashed clockworkmod or twrp recovery for your phone , go in recovery by pressing a combination of hardware keys ( check samsung website or search on google ) . go to backup and restore option and do a backup of your " stock rom " i.e. the original software of your phone . each and everything will be backed up . but also consider doing a backup in samsung kies of your user data . now after backup you are set , go to cyanogenmod website and select the rom for your device and install or flash it as per instructions . ( besides rooting you will also need unlocking your bootloader which will void your warranty ) and anytime when you wish to remove cyanogenmod and go back to original rom go in recovery and select backup and restore and press restore and select the backup file . your rom will be restored as you left it .
usually , this is possible the very same way as you put cyanogenmod on your device : by flashing a rom . so before you start , make sure you either . . . have a stock rom available to flash ( see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? ) have created a nandroid backup of your device immediately before you start flashing ( requires a custom recovery , see recovery-mode ) in both cases , you can return to stock rom : either by flashing a stock image ( and then start like after a factory-reset ) , or by restoring the nandroid backup ( and take off at the time you have created it , including all your apps and data ) . two things to consider : there might be dependencies between device-firmware ( rom ) and radio-firmware . so if installing cyanogenmod ( or any custom rom ) goes along with a different radio image , a return might be different ( you might need the original radio image as well ) or difficult ( in case downgrade of the radio is not possible ) . however , cases where this applies are rare . nandroid backup does not take care of your sdcard . so if you have apps installed on sdcard , you need to deal with them separately .
it is possible that if you use the download map lab , you will be able to clear your cache ( but not data ) without also clearing the maps . but you can not do directions or search with those maps . in reality i think you had probably be better off downloading an app specifically made for offline maps access , such as mapdroyd .
swiftkey have an article on this although it is a little vague , it is seems more like they are describing how to use entirely different keyboards here : i want to use a different keyboard , how do i switch ? press and hold in any text field to bring up the pop-up text menu and choose input method . here you can choose other keyboard types , including the default android keyboard . on devices running android 4.0 and later , whenever the keyboard is on screen you should see a notification in the notification bar that will take you to the input method selection screen when clicked .
you could try pushover .net, which provides an easy-to-use api for sending notifications to your android or ios device . it should be very efficient , because it is already using google cloud messaging to deliver your push notifications , thus it should not have any adverse effects on the battery life , unlike your proposed solution of manually doing the polling every 30 s .
one possible solution involves the app tasker ( paid app worth every cent ; head to the dev 's site for a free trial ) . it is probably the most complete automation solution on android ( see also the tasker tag-wiki ) , and supported by legions of apps and addons if you need additional features . hint to get started : tasker can do http-get as well as http-post . it can write-to and read-from files , play with variables , and more . so for the task you are looking for : http-get the url , compare the result with your conditions , and trigger the wanted action . i never tried this myself , so the example below might not be accurate – but it should get you started : condition : time , all 30s task : http-get the uri set sound volume to x if content ~ 1 notify-sound ( specify notification text and sound ) if content ~ 1 so basically , this retrieves the uri all 30s , sets the volume to a given value ( if content was "1" ) , and triggers the alert in this case . you might need to fine-tune this concerning re-setting the original volume , and some other things to your convenience – but the principle should be clear . good luck , and enjoy !
if you are reverting to 4.2 only for usb otg feature , then i would suggest you not . i am using a rooted nexus 7 ( 2012 ) from v4.1 - v4.3 and could say from that experience that it has to be rooted for the otg features to run . since that is missing from your question i assume that you are not rooted when you had 4.3 . the apps stickmount and usb otg helper needs root privilege to run successfully .
i do not think the nexus 7 ( 2013 ) ever had android 4.2 . i was going to suggest flashing a factory image but the only one available is android 4.3 which suggests it is not possible . as the other answers have suggested you will probably need to root to get the usb otg functionality you are after .
you are going to have to revert by installing a custom recovery , and then flashing whichever rom you require yourself . it is not difficult but needs to be handled very carefully ( ie getting the correct rom , and following all the steps exactly ) to avoid damaging your device . you may find it hard to claim repairs under warranty if you do this , depending on the laws where you live .
there is no file that i know of for changeing keyboard layout . you might want to try to change the settings for your phone to english and then back to german . that might help reseting the keyboard layout , depending how htc have set up the firmware the you used when you reinstalled the phone . if that does not work , you could try to use adb from googles android developer site . there you can set localization for your phone without using the menu in settings . that should be the same thing though . tells how to change localization on a device through menu and using adb command ( which is advanced ! ) . android developers dev guide , device also some instructions how to change/test localization on an android device when you test their tutorial program on localization . android developers resources , test localized if this does not work , you could always try to install another software keyboard from the market or reinstall the android firmware in the phone .
i think the easiest way would be to flash a stock german rom , and completely wipe out the broken settings .
i solved this by overwriting keyboard layout in my rom backup file from stock german rom , and flashing the new " backup " back .
it is not a problem with 2.2 in general , although it may be specific to 2.2 on the optimus . ( did you ever have 2.1 ? ) this should normally only happen when the sd card is manually dismounted from the phone settings or by connecting the device to a computer . it might be an app causing this problem -- you could use titanium backup to " freeze " your apps one by one until you hopefully discover the culprit .
i suppose this might happen if the sd card is losing its connection , although that would be more troubling . have you checked to ensure that the sd card is well-seated in its slot ? ( this assumes , of course , that you can access the card . ) another worrying possibility is a flaw with the card itself .
i had a similar problem that was fixed by formating the card in the phone . settings -> sd card and phone storage settings -> unmount sd card . then format the card on the same screen .
i just discovered that this is not a random error . it occurs with some sd cards when you touch the proximity sensor of the phone . the screen becomes black and inactive and then the sd card is removed from the phone . i hope this will help to solve the issue
the problem is resolved with the new update available from lg
what is going on is that your phone is not using your password . when you log in an oath token is issued . this is more secure , because your password is not stored on the device . it also has the additional benefit that it can automatically log you in in your browser . to deny access to your phone , remove the authentication token here . moreover starting with ics you do not need to use applications specific passwords for your phone . enter your regular google account info ; it will notice that you have 2-factor authentication enabled and open an internal browser where you can log in using your otp .
might be better to use the all in one tool that could help you published courtesy of sony ericsson and its open source . to quote from their wiki page : support odex applications and libraries use this for the right reason , not for the wrong reason ( such as rampant piracy etc , and in no way am i implying anything ) in fact this saved my bacon at one stage when i could not remember whether i bundled a jpeg in a apk that i built and had to go through that tool to confirm my " blonde moment " edit : another thing i noticed - you are missing a switch , for example , this was pulled from here ( credit to the madteam forum ) : java -jar baksmali . jar -d c:\framework -x touchwiz30launcher . odex you need the framework-res . apk ( this can be found in /system/framework on the handset ) in place hence the -d directory
the text-to-speech conversion in android is all done on the cloud . the phone sends in your recording and returns the speech . you need to make sure you are connected to either 3g or wifi for this to work . do other apps that require connections work ?
i am sure there is some way technically to simply shut off the autofocus , making the camera start up in a default focus and never moving away from that . it is however not a function that i am aware of that it exists in custom roms , because that is the only place you will find modifications like this , and unless there is a big demand for it , it is unlikely someone will code it . i have got a feeling that camera focus might be really tricky to mod from the actual os . i think the only way you will solve this for sure is basically learning to code and inspecting the aosp source , or paying a developer to do it for you . i am almost certain it is not a native function of the android os .
screen protector might help protect your fingers , if glass is even and no missing pieces
if you have already allowed google backup to backup your apps , then changing settings before you do the factory reset will not make any difference . after the factory reset , when you next start the device , it'll go through the first-time setup steps again : where it guides you through connecting to a wi-fi network and signing into a google account . on the screen where you sign into your google account , there is a checkbox there to automatically restore your apps and data onto this device ( i forget the exact wording ) . uncheck the checkbox at this point , and no apps or data will be restored to your device . you will still be able to install any paid apps you previously bought . if you later turn on google backup on this device , it'll start a fresh set of backup data . once it has backed up to this fresh set , next time you factory-reset this device , the restore will be from this fresh set . ( if you factory-reset again before making any changes , or before it is had a chance to back up , you will still get the old set . )
the best way i know ( using cm11 as a reference ) is to go to settings -> backup and reset and removing the checkmark next to auto restore . it may be under another heading on different roms so you may need to look around for it . it is best to do this before you do the factory reset .
if you are rooted , you can push this collection of media files to /system/media/ without root , android should still locate the files if you place them in a folder on your sd card called " media " and retain the rest of the file structure from the zip .
quick notes is alright .
make sure that your facebook account is set to sync contacts ( settings -> accounts and sync -> facebook -> sync contacts ) . then in the contacts app , select a contact -> hit the menu button -> join contact -> select the contact to merge .
first , in the facebook app , go to settings -> sync contacts -> check either sync all or sync with existing contacts . then in the contacts app , go to display options and find your facebook account in the list , then check all contacts . they should show up in your contact list then . to join them with existing google contacts , go into one of the contacts , edit it , hit menu and select join , then find the other contact and select it .
generally fat is used when possible simply because it is compatible with more ( older ) devices . while this is not much of an issue today , it probably continues out of ( 1 ) very slight market advantage and ( 2 ) the fact that factory machinery is set up that way and it would cost owners to change it . in any event , android can certainly read fat32 ; if it could not nobody would be able to use sd cards larger than 2gb . there should be no problem with android being able to read your card after a format .
i know it is an old question , but i just formatted a card ( 2gb ) as fat32 . it was fat ( 16 ) and at this size the total available space is reduced . was 1.90gb , now 1.88gb . now comes in the question of effeciency . under fat the files are in 32kb cluster . if you have text document , it is probably smaller than 32kb , but it will take up a full 32kb cluster . under fat32 the size should be around 4kb , that will be better for small files .
the android os itself is not dependant on any files on the removable sd card . if you have no apps that use this file , you can safely delete the file , or even format the sd card if you want .
for information about seeing log messages , look at the answers to how can i view and examine the android log ? note that the behaviour is different between 4.1-jelly-bean and prior versions . android users do not work like users on a normal gnu/linux system , so unlocking the lock screen is not a " login " in the same way that logging into a terminal session , through an x display manager , or via the network are on a gnu/linux box . failed attempts to unlock the lock screen are not logged . the log is meant as a debugging aid , and log messages are not stored forever , so the lock screen application would have its own way of storing failed attempts . in general , the android engineers at google like to keep the logs quiet on production devices , so system apps have a lot of logging that is turned off in the official build . there is nothing to stop a device oem , or an unofficial rom , having more logging for failed unlocks ( or any other events ) . you could compile your own rom to achieve this , but doing so is way beyond the scope of this site .
have you seen this ? not to be sounding smart or anything but i think this is something similar to what you are looking for - a sandbox to protect the android internals , the above was designed for kids so that when they play with it , they cannot do destructive damage to android , or mess with settings etc , apart from shoving it into the microwave or anything like that .
deploying the devices with a custom hardened rom should work . there are several mdm solutions out there . check out the following articles for details from a design point of view and also deploying it in an enterprise . designing secure android apps securely deploying android devices ( something you might want from a mdm / policy point of view )
you can not . . . unless you manufacture the device by yourself . you can not stop power users from flashing rom which would flush your software based protection ( even if you have embedded the solution in rom to survive factory reset ) . unfortunately , almost all devices in market support it . if not , there are ways to hack bootloaders , too . if you are still interested in software based solution , try contacting soti . they provide such type of solutions at a cost .
netaddictfree for android is able to block or restrict access to others apps . in your case , it is possible to block the " parameters " apps .
the cookies form the default android browser are stored in /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db . the problem is that other applications , for security reasons , do not have access to this file . since the browser application has not implement this functionality , it is not possible .
if the application has been downloaded previously , and the certificates does not match , android will display the same error . make sure you have uninstalled any previous versions of the application and then reinstall the application . if you can not find your application in the app drawer , you should go into setting-> application manager and then uninstall the application . or the second reason may be that the app is not compatible with your android version .
the usual way of fixing bootloops is doing a factory reset ( via recovery mode ) . of course , you will lose your data . but seeing that you have a custom recovery , do you also have a custom rom installed ? if yes , try ( dirty ) flashing the custom rom via custom recovery . do not forget to wipe cache and dalvik cache .
if she is going to send them via sms , you could lock your messaging app with a 3rd-party app like sms lock . or if you want to hide/lock messages for specific contacts , try go sms pro ' s private feature . you set a contact as private , and you will be asked to input a code every time you go to your private inbox . this is separate from your usual/public inbox . not sure if there are other types of unlocking mechanism , but i used a code which can be different from your pin .
you can use telegram and make a secret chat to share the photos . the messages and files in secret chats are encrypted end-to-end and for more security you can enable an autodestruction timeout in the conversation that destroy completely ( inclusive at the server side ) all the messages and files shared until the established time-lapse .
you should try audio manager from anuj tenani . you can also save videos , images and audio which were send via any application from the gallery . it is also available on itunes . --about the app -- the app is cleverly disguised as " audio manager " in the app drawer . disguises itself as a audio manager app which can be used to turn the volumes up and down . but if you long press on the audio manager title the actual hide it pro app will launch , which is basically your secret vault of pics/videos/messages/apps etc . -- features in detail -- 1 . ) app disguised behind a fully functional audio manager 2 . ) categorize media into folders of your choice 3 . ) batch ( multi-select ) support for hiding and unhiding pictures 4 . ) delete/share/unhide/move pictures between albums 5 . ) sort files by date/size/name and sort folders by count/name 6 . ) gallery features pinch to zoom , double tap to zoom , one finger hold and move zoom 7 . ) slideshow with fade , zoom , swipe effects 8 . ) send/share pictures 9 . ) special optimization for low end phones . 10 . ) video player features play/pause/forward/rewind/next video/prev video support 11 . ) disappears from recent apps list 12 . ) two lock screen options viz pin and password 13 . ) escape pin/password for times when you get caught 14 . ) built in encryption tool ( with military standard 256-bit aes encryption ) to secure your most important files 15 . ) plugins for features like private messaging / calls , private browsing , locking apps . etc .
if you want hide those pics then - - use smart lite locker ( app ) [ android ] if you are not saving them on your device then lock those apps on which your sexy gf is sending pics - use applock ( app ) [ android ] or else you can lock with smartlite locker also ( both are apps ) [ android ] link to the applock app link to the smartlite locker app
naturally , the app makes changes in your network configuration . the problem occurs when you do not disconnect using the exit button within the app . so it seems as if the internet does not work is because the server is down . you forget that the vpn is still connected although you think it is not . the problem occurs only with root permissions because without root , you can see running vpn services in the notification bar since it is running under samsung 's scope , reminding you that vpn is connected . when using it with root , you just do not see the notification , giving you the wrong idea that there is no working vpn although there is . anyways , restarting the phone reverts the configuration to a default state , thus solving the problem . i do not believe that the app is malware or stealing id in any way .
fwiw i have been having a similar problem , but without the modifications you mention . my process was to root , install supersu , titanium backup and then restore a bunch of apps . the first time i got the problem , i thought i had restored some system apps or something , so i reverted to stock , and tried again , but being more careful to only restore apps and stuff like wifi access points . this suffered the same problem ( but possibly less so ) . i have gone back to stock again , and i am going to try it to see whether i get similar behaviour without rooting . if all is well for a day or so , then i will root , and see if anything changes . if it is still stable , i will start using apps that utilise root and see what happens .
the crashes are caused by poweramp 2.0.9 build 529 . how i found out : the player was freezing at the beginning of songs every once in a while and uninstalling it solved the problem . no more restarts : ) maybe the crashes are caused by play store via apps that are utilizing the modded licence check of play store ( poweramp is one of them ) . but i cannot be sure since i do not have any other app that requires licence control . just wanted to say that if anyone else is having the same issue with modded play store , removing your licence requiring app ( be it poweramp or sth else ) may be your solution . edit : false alarm . the restarts have started after a couple of days , and now more often than ever .
use titanium or any other app that can delete system apps and then delete everything related to knox ( samsung protection crap ) . the freeze is caused because knox keeps trying to block su access and somehow the system crashed and it reboots . i had the same problem and doing this completely stopped both the freezes and the reboots . of course , make sure to backup everything before . from system to apps ( use titanium aswell ) .
dan is correct with his comment on the question , see especially my answer there on how to convert an .ab file to a .tar and then access the contents . .apk files ( if backed up , of course ) are stored in apps/com.app.name/a/ then . but if adb backup was used without -apk: no .apk files then ( your question is a bit confusing : " i want to use it . . . i do not want to use it " : ) if your goal is just to get hold of the .apk files of installed apps , you might also want to take a look at solutions like e.g. appmonster , which allow you to get a copy of each installed app 's .apk file to your sdcard ( with the pro-version even in batch mode , and automatically on each app install ) . you could then use e.g. adb pull to copy the entire backup directory to your pc , and adb push to restore it to other devices for installation with e.g. adb shell pm install .
you can try screen filter app in google play .
in your keyboard settings there should be a " my dictionary " or " my words " or something similar , in there should be all of the words you have added to autocorrect , if " was " is there , delete it , if not add " was " .
you could try a third party lock screen that uses the default wallpaper ( this is androids default behaviour , but samsung have changed it ) , e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.roymam.android.notificationswidgethl=en_gb ( i think it uses default wallpaper )
there is no way to resume a cancelled download queue in the play store . you will have to trigger a restore again . the only way to initialise a restore is via the setup app , so you would have to wipe again , and then let it restore . make sure you connect to wifi in the setup this time however .
if you go into play store app , tap on menu > settings , there is the option to ' auto update apps ' and also , ' update over wi-fi only ' ( this is important so not to chew up your data plan and end up with a massive phone bill ) , it should be noted that this is in play store version 3.10.10 . in that way , it will only do it over the wifi network , and update automatically . unfortunately , there is no way to do a mass-resume of apps in bulk , the alternative solution is to use titanium backup and backup the apps to the cloud or dropbox , and let titanium backup do its magic in restoring from there onto the new handset , which has resumable download feature .
switching the primary account on google play seems to continue the auto-update process
it seems to be possible to re-trigger the app sync by going to accounts in settings , then removing your google account and adding it again from the same menu .
look up your phone 's pit in google and put it in pit in odin . flash it , then flash your rom . in case your battery is not charging : look for someone to charge it for you in his device before you do this as it consumes battery power with the constant rebooting of the yellow triangle .
check out http://www.samsunggalaxysforum.com/tutorials/unbrick-you-phone-in-minute/
now , the only option you have left is to flash your rom . flash any one of official firmware from below : gingerbread 2.3.5 xfjva gingerbread 2.3.5 xxjvt follow the links and do exactly what it says . it'll take less that half an hour . just , do it . . nothing more ! do not do any experiment before you boot your device . plus , do not follow any non-matured instructions from forums etc .
first remove the network from known list . then when you are adding that wi-fi network on your tablet use manual dhcp and enter the details from your phone . . . this should work without issues . .
ps . i tried to rename the file to pb32img . zip and use the update from zip option but it does not work . how does it not work ? please provide details . the general procedure for installing a new rom would be : download rom . zip file to sd card . back up current rom in case new rom does not work : boot to recovery mode ( hold down the power and volume down ( vol - ) keys at the same time under boot ) select ' backup and restore ' select ' backup ' and confirm wait for process to finish and go back to recovery main screen wipe and factory reset ( this is important for stability ! especially when installing a different rom , and not just an update . with an update you can usually skip factory reset ) : select “wipe data/factory reset” and confirm select “advanced” then “wipe dalvik cache” and confirm wait for process to finish and go back to recovery main screen install rom . select “install zip from sd card“ select “choose zip from sdcard“ select the . zip file you downloaded to the sd card in step 1 . wait for process to finish , go back to recovery main screen and select reboot . where in the above process do you get stuck ?
you generally do not need to edit the boot . img to root your phone . what is your phone model , so we can give you the instructions ? edit : to root a galaxy nexus , first you have to unlock the bootloader , which is really easy since the gnex is a dev phone , just google how to unlock the bootloader , and follow the instructions . i recommend droid-lifes tutorial , but anyone should do . then all that is left is the rooting . first you have to download this zip file then unzip the file anywhere on you computer , like c:\gnex\ install the samsung drivers that are in the zip after you have installed the drivers , turn the phone of and connect the usb to your computer and phone . open a command prompt from the start menu , then move to the directory you unzipped the file to ( e . x . cd c:\gnex ) now you have to boot your phone into fastboot mode , by pressing and holding both the volume-up and volume-down buttons and then press the power button . next , type fastboot devices into the command prompt you opened earlier , and check that your phone is in the list . now we have to soft-boot an insecure boot image by typing fastboot boot boot.img into the command prompt when the phone has rebooted , open settings , and go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development and check in the USB debbuging option . now execute all of these following commands , after each other , in the command prompt : adb root adb remount adb push su /system/bin adb push superuser . apk /system/app adb shell chmod 06755 /system/bin/su adb shell chmod 06755 /system/app/superuser . apk now your device should be rooted and ready .
on samsung devices over on the sprint forums , they have posted a fix for this without needing a reset : go into menu -> settings -> call settings -> reject with message . if you have more than 5 messages in there , delete some so you have less than 5 . people are reporting that once they do that , they are once again able to receive calls without the force close happening . hope that helps ! in case its an htc device follow this go to your facebook app and under synchronize settings choose to delete all facebook data . afterwards log out of the facebook app . go to account and synchronizing settings and remove any facebook entries . now your contacts should no longer contain any data from facebook and should not be linked with facebook either . go to the facebook app , sign in and re-choose the synchronizing settings . press " synchronize " in upper right corner . go to accounts and synchronizing and add facebook for htc sense and perhaps also the normal facebook account . it will now start re-synchronizing everything and you have to link all your contacts again , but it now works if both methods did not work for you go for an factory-reset that will surely solve your network and call issues .
this error message would not go away until i cleared my call log history .
1 . if user uninstalls whatsapp , the last seen date will be when he or she uses the app . if user deletes his or her account then the account itself will be nonexistent . the users name will disappear from the users list itself ( just like contacts who do not have whatsapp are not listed ) and about that user being last online on 16th april , no the user has not blocked you . read this faq on the official whatsapp site .
you mentioned using titanium backup for removing apps , but another nice but not so well known feature is tb 's ability to give you a breakdown of what is taking up space and where . open tb click the ' overview ' button at the top , if you are not already there at the bottom of that screen you will see a chart of your storage items and usage . press your finger anywhere in that section and you will be brought to the ' overview of app storage use ' screen . from there you will see a breakdown , per app , of what is taking up the most space , in what areas . since you are already in tb , anything you want to uninstall you can just click and do so right there .
if you get an error like " insufficient memory " , " storage low " , or the like , this usually refers to the /data partition . that is not only where user-installed apps go to , but also their data . you tried to free some space by deleting " pre-installed apps " . they are usually referred to as " system apps " , as they reside on the /system partition . so deleting them usually does not free up space on /data ( to be more precise : it only frees up little , as those apps store their configuration and data there ) . which explains why your " delete operations " had not the desired effect . following the insufficient-memory tag , you will find a lot of questions dealing with this issue . i heartly recommend you visiting its tag wiki first , which gives you some " first aid " . for more information , check the highest frequented questions next . if there are still remaining points , feel free to ask a new question addressing those . ps : this 3-step of " tag wiki " , " tag faq " and " remaining questions " fits in many places . unfortunately , our tag wikis do not receive the attention they deserve . . .
remove the sd card and the sim card . restart the phone and only plug it in when its restarted completely . make sure the phone is set to usb kies . check the cables too !
try to disable usb debugging . when you connect you will then have a button labelled " connect usb " on the phone . press it and it will install itself . it worked for me .
i had this problem with ubuntu and windows . just today after installing dropbox ( which is a good workaround btw ) after the following steps , my phone was recognized as if it were a flash drive : power off . connect usb to pc . charge for a while ( irrelevant i assume ) power on while connected . i do not know whether dropbox changed some setting or permission , whether something else i played with did , or the power-off-on sequence fixed it .
try to uninstall the galaxy s drivers from the device manager in windows while it is plugged in , and then reconnect the phone to the computer .
these are not bugs or policies , google simply has not implemented all of the google calendar web features in the android calendar app . you can browse android calendar feature requests and bugs , as well as request and report them , here : http://code.google.com/p/android-calendar/issues/list
sms popup lets you set custom notification sounds , volumes , vibrates , led flash and icon for popups , separately from the system notification settings . well worth installing , it is the first app i put on my phones , and the first i recommend to others , really fixes a hole in the android notifications .
one simple method would be to use a custom ringtone for sms where the audio itself is louder . you coould use a loud audio clip or edit one to be louder .
all of the more popular sms replacement apps on android - handcent sms , chompsms and gosms offer the ability to have custom ringtones . they also have customizable vibration patterns and you can also use custom notification icon colours and tones for a particular contact 's sms . to adjust volume , however , @matthew 's suggestion of different volume levels on ringtones is the easiest way to handle things .
it needs to be a google contact . your voice request is sent to google 's servers to be parsed and it looks for the information in your google contacts . the server can not query your phone . see this google help thread .
you are looking for the device art generator .
i am assuming you are using the menu found under settings when the phone is fully booted . doing a factory reset from clockworkmod recovery should not make the phone vibrate . boot to recovery and choose wipe data/factory reset . the effect is the same as the menu in the settings .
it seems that i have solved the given problem . in fact , it was not actually a problem - the application i used had some problems with bluetooth . i tried setting bt up , and it worked . i was able to send files from my pc to my phone without any problems . on the other hand , the application did not work - i was unable to control my pc via my phone using bt . checking their website i noticed that the bt feature is actually pretty bugy . ( the app is unified remote ) . then , just for testing purposes i tried windows remote service , and it worked , without problems . so , basically , it seems the problem was somewhere in the app . i changed the app and manage to achieve what i needed - to remotely control my pc from my phone . just one note - it is recommended you use windows ' default drivers for your bt device . you can use this freeware - bluetoothinstaller . com to install the bt device with ms dfeault drivers .
if you can not boot the tablet and hard reset it in the settings , you could try to flash the official software using a computer and the tools/image available at http://pipo.cn/en this also does a hard reset . you can put the tablet in download mode by holding one of the hardware keys and pressing reset while connected to the pc with an usb cable .
i think this is a manufacturer specific feature , not an android feature . my nexus 4 running 4.4 has no power saver mode . my htc one running 4.4 does have a power saver mode and although i can choose what aspects of the phone i want to limit to conserve power , i am not told how / what they do to save the power . i guess this will be chosen and set per manufacturer but for example , on my htc device in power saver mode the options are ; cpu power conserve cpu usage display reduce screen brightness vibration turn off vibration feedback data connection put to sleep when screen is off have you had a look in your settings menu ? it may well tell you in there what is being limited .
why do you want to avoid flashing chainfire 's kernel ? from xda : this rooted kernel is for the " rooting beginners " and those who want to keep as close to stock as possible . cf-root takes the kernel from an original samsung firmware , and just adds root , busybox , and clockworkmod ( cwm4 ) recovery . rooting voids your warranty just the same as flashing does , and odin is virtually guaranteed to save you if you ignore the instructions while flashing and screw something up . you can also re-flash the stock kernel afterwards , which will remove cwm while still leaving you rooted . edit : gingerbreak apparently only worked on test devices .
changing usb port made adb recognize the android device .
kill adb server using using sudo and start it again with sudo . if you start adb server with sudo in linux it will detect .
usim could mean one of two things . universal subscriber identity module , which refers to the software that runs within the sim card ( technically now called a uicc ( universal integrated circuit card ) in umts parlance ) . usim could also mean microsim ( using u rather than μ ) , a sim card format ( technically known as 3ff ) smaller than the minisim ( 2ff ) used in most devices .
sim is a old guy , but usim ( card 's name is uicc , usim is logical module ) is new designed specially for umts ( 3g ) generation . while sim can also be used to access 3g , usim has extra advantages over sim : 3g video calls ( not supported with sim ) higher security : usim introduces new algorithm to prevent unauthorized access to phone line . plus , it encrypts your calls and internet traffic with stronger encryption keys . it stores contacts securely too . bigger and improved phonebook : usim allows you to store thousands of contacts ( limit on sim is 255 ) . each contact can now contain email id and more than one phone number . usim can run small applications like computer ( sim 's analog is simple sim menu which can not compute something by own other than communicating with carrier 's server ) .
if you search for has:attachment within the gmail app then you should see emails which have attachments .
gmail attachments ( i think ) are stored on the server until you download them . when you do they end up in your downloads folder on sd/flash , so you can open the folder with file manager .
there is a free app called attachment inbox free which searches through your mail applications cache for attachments and provides a great search engine for your attachments , including filtering by type and search result ordering by date , type , size , name .
i cant find that option in my nexus 7 . it seems they have removed this in jellybean or kitkat . this is what i do . settings> apps> all> contacts> clear data , clear cache settings> apps> all> contacts storage > clear data , clear cache this will clear all the database of the people app .
does this work for you ? contacts -> menu -> delete -> select all -> delete if not there are apps " delete contacts " in the market you could try .
as eldarerathis already mentioned : on many ( if not most ) devices supporting an sd card , this card is mounted with the noexec option -- which means as the name suggests : " no exec from here " , i.e. you cannot execute anything from the sdcard . again , one solution was already mentioned by eldarerathis : try a different storage . you have got the power , your device is rooted . a second approach would be to re-mount the sdcard without the noexec option . but there is a good reason why noexec is used here ; it at least offers an additional level of security . so before using this approach , you should research a bit whether it might trigger unwanted side-effects .
the stock android browser , as long as the website uses a file upload control it can . i just used the upload tool on twitpic , which uses flash , allows me to select audio , video or image files , and uploads them to twitpic .
the apps will disappear from your home screen if your sd card is unmounted from the phone for any reason , they will not automatically come back on their own . the most likely reason is that the sd card can not be mounted to both your phone and your pc at the same time , so if you plug your phone into a pc , and your sd card is mounted as a drive so you can copy files to and fro , etc then that dismounts the card from your phone temporarily and you will lose the home screen icons . the apps should still be in your applications list and you should be able to add them back onto the home screen the same way that you did it when you installed them . this is a combined limitation of the way that the android os handles sd cards , and the way that most home screen launchers ( like samsung 's touchwiz that you are using ) cope with apps moved to sd .
i have an evo and had this problem as soon as i started moving a lot of apps to my sd card . basically , apps moved to an sd card are stored in a secure area and it apparently takes android a while to make this " secure " area available at boot , and this may not happen before your launcher starts . the more apps you have , the longer it takes to do whatever it is doing , and at some point you will find none of the sd card apps available at boot . restarting your launcher may or may not be necessary ; the one i use , tag home , does seem to notice apps becoming available on the sd card . . . sometimes . i found that a hot reboot ( a partial restart that only reloads the phone 's ui ; you can find apps that do this in the market , though you need to have rooted the phone ) would usually help , but i had to time it properly , or do it multiple times . i read somewhere that gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) makes this better . the evo came with 2.2 and recently a 2.3 ota upgrade appeared for it . i have not yet installed that for a couple of reasons : first , as i said , i rooted my phone and need to be cautious with this , and second , there were some bugs reported in the upgrade which will be fixed later this month . so i do not yet know firsthand if this is true . i have had much better luck partitioning my sd card ( adding a dedicated 1gb partition for apps ) and using an app from the market called link2sd . not only do the apps usually seem to be available by the time the launcher loads , you can move the entire app to the card ( did you ever notice that apps take some internal memory even after moving them to sd ? ) and even moves apps that can not be moved the usual way . ( hbo go wants 15 mb of my internal memory ? not anymore ! i even moved adobe flash to sd and it continues to work fine . ) however , you have to root your phone to do all this and it is fairly advanced .
i have the same problem , the partial solution is open the task manager and clear the " level 2" ram memory , this will close and relaunch everything and the apps in the sd reappears .
i had this kind of problem and solved it this way : why my app disappear at reboot ?
the answer to both questions turned out to be force to stop the app twlauncher . then when i close the apps management it started again and i get all my icons ( and shortcuts ) back . so now when i have my sd card unmounted i can not see the icons . when it is mounted back , i have to restart twlauncher . it is very annoying but at least i know i have not lost all my apps .
short answer that very much depends on your device , as the rooting process often is device specific . following up to the rooting tag wiki will give you some basic info , and also provide a link to our rooting index , which might even already include a link for your device . tl ; dr basically , rooting just means to push a binary ( su ) and a helper app ( superuser / superuser or supersu ) to the system partition . so as compro01 wrote in his comment on your question , you are " customizing your rom " somehow . on most devices that is all you need , though how that is accomplished is a different thing , as it is a little chicken-and-egg : you want to gain root permissions on your device – and for that , you first have to push those two files to /system , which only can be done with root permissions . so in most cases , this requires some " hacking " , which is what sparx refers to in his answer might cause your device to be unusable . i rooted several devices already , and when sticking to the instructions the device should not become " unusable " ( though i admit there might be rare cases ) . i had it once a device became instable ( apps crashing , device rebooting itself multiple times a day ) , but that was easily cured by a factory reset .
in theory - yes . in practice , it varies from device to device - a very common way of an end-user obtaining root is to flash an insecure kernel . this can be a standalone kernel or a pre-rooted kernel + rom combination . for certain devices , there are also available a number of 3rd party " one-click rooting " apps . that being said , rooting might cause your device to be unusable ( if not done correctly or something unexpected occurs ) , so read the instructions carefully before proceeding and always backup your data to an external source like dropbox or to your pc before you begin . here 's a link ( unverified ) on how to root your verizon stellar .
the answer is yes . it is not mandatory for you to install custom rom for rooting your device . rooting process is a actually you are getting all the privileges of your phone . so it is not necessary to install custom rom steps to do rooting : find root files for your android device on the internet ( every phone has a different root file ) . place it in your sdcard reboot your phone in the boot loader mode . select file from the boot menu hit install . i can help you in your rooting process if you tell me which device you are using . here is an unverified way to do it ( samsung steller ) .
lync 2010 has support for calls : lync 2010 for android extends the power of lync to your mobile device – including rich presence , instant messaging , audio conferencing , and calling features from a single , easy-to-use interface . however , you will need to check with your it department if it has been enabled for your account .
in this link they provide you with some usefull commands to try to get the contacts . basically , you need to install the android sdk , but i think you need to have the usb debugging option on in your phone . not sure if you need root also . the path to the contacts database might vary from manufacturer to manufacturer .
if all you did is download an . exe file , you have nothing to worry about . it is a program for windows , and it can not run on your android phone . just delete the file you downloaded to make sure no one copies it to a windows computer by accident . but if your router is infected by malware , do not use it at all . it can intercept and impersonate every website you use and visit . it can steal any login details you enter on websites and pretend to be you .
are you sure you are rooted ? if so , have you tried su -c chmod 0644 /system/build.prop ? or you can also try entering su first and then the chmod command next . to pull the build . prop : adb pull /sdcard/build.prop or maybe you can just replace the one in /system with the one on your sdcard : su cp /sdcard/build.prop /system/build.prop chmod 0644 /system/build.prop 
for future reference , this was my related case ( involving a nexus 4 ) : i tried to bring my phone back to the original state ( bootloader locked + stock rom ) . now fastboot devices did not show the device where adb device did , until i put the phone in fastboot mode ( this makes sense , but took me a while to figure out . . . ) to put the nexus 4 in fastboot mode : power off the nexus 4 . press and hold the volume up , volume down and power buttons now fastboot devices found my phone and the restore could continue :- )
to make the system reconize the android device , in their several modes , one needs to set permissions for his user in udev . you need to repeat this process of loading android udev ids , for every mode the phone has ( operating system , bootloader or recovery ) because they have different usb ids
personally i had to run fastboot as root/sudo for fastboot to detect the device . i tried this on linux as i do not own a mac , but it is *nix anyway ; )
i had the same problem with infocus m512 , recognized by adb but not by fastboot when in download mode . i have found that specifying vendor id with -i works ( 0xid ) fastboot -i 0x0489 worked for me .
the problem you mentioned can be caused by the following : your micro usb port in the phone has some moisture . your micro usb port connection is loose . if it happens normally which is not your case , it can be caused if there is moisture on your screen or droplets of water . try testing if this happens while using the mobile with charger connected . if it does , it is definitely the micro usb issue .
1:you could try to use a different usb cable , as this will sometimes interfere with the hardware . 2:try connecting on a different usb post ; the individual port could be malfunctioning 3: have your phone already unlocked and turn off the screen sleep : go to > settings | then either > display settings > sleep > never turn off screen general settings > sleep > never turn off screen
i have htc desire too . i do not know what causes this problem , but i fixed it by mounting it on a windows computer and checking the filesystem on the card . i tried it on a mac first , but osx disk utility could not fix the problems it found .
i had the same problem with stock 2.1 rom . after the ota update to 2.2 , the problem vanished .
have you installed any custom calling app ? i am sure that this is not the case on my default stock calling app .
in htc wildfire there is option in Settings -&gt; Sound &amp; display Quiet ring on pickup Reduce ring volume when I move phone ) . it might be the same option or similar in nearby .
to use the mhl output of the phone ( using micro usb connector ) you need to either have a device ( such as a tv ) that supports mhl directly , or use a dongle to convert mhl to some other standard ( such as hdmi , vga or composite ) that you can use with your device . this is done entirely in the dongle . so as long as your device outputs mhl and you have the dongle , it should work just fine . currently the only dongles in the market are mhl to hdmi ( although there are mhl to vga and composite coming to the market soon ! ) . so , you can not wait for the new dongles , you have to get another dongle/box that converts hdmi to composite and connect it to your mhl-hdmi dongle .
yes it is true . it also removes all the crap the carriers put on there as well .
i found it on the sd card in the folder " tunnybrowser " . . .
applications store their data in a folders named after their package . these folders are located in data/data . the easiest way to find out the package name is to look at the play store url . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser  the package name is the part that comes after id= . you can see that dolphin 's package name is mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser , so the full path is : /data/data/mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser 
/data/data/mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser
the stock android keyboard does not have abc layout . however , there are some keyboard apps which have abc layout . slideit english - abc pack is an example . you can find some more if you search for " abc keyboard " on google play .
i published an alphabetical keyboard that is now available on google play and androidfreeware .net.
the stock , aosp android keyboard does not have the abc ' old fashioned ' keyboard layout , however some manufacturers package their own ime ( keyboard ) , that comes with this feature . some manufactures are lg , and sony ericsson that do this ( sony ericsson xperia devices do ) . afaik the stock samsung ime does not come with this option - however , you can download 3rd-party ime 's that have this layout format .
there is a keyboard available that is on the app store , it is designed for dyslexics who have difficulty in recognizing the letters , the problem with the qwerty layout is that dyslexics cannot " see " the letters and looking all over the keyboard for it , have a mate who suffers from it , and this was born out of the idea when i watched him struggle with the touch keyboard . this keyboard is actually from stock aosp gingerbread source , with letters re-arranged into abc layout . it is available here on play store . edit : disclosure , i am the person responsible for the aforementioned app .
there is a default aosp email . apk that is easy to setup with exchange--- i suppose you would have to be rooted in order to get the email . apk into your /system/app but you can get one from : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/wiki/latest_version/google_apps and http://goo.im/gapps/ but you do not necessarily have to be running cm-- just make sure the base version matches up to yours . most rooted roms come with a good exchange app--- if you prod around forum . xda-developers . com , you could probably find one that does not require root access to install .
the stock email cient is not working after i updated ics 4.1.2 cyanogenmod 10 . i am using nito desk touchdown and its very reliable .
the app does this because you are not in navigation mode , you are browsing the route . it zooms out to fit the entire route on your screen when you reorient the device . if you do not want it to zoom , press the navigation button in the lower right corner and optionally switch off voice navigation .
technically , its possible . you can visualize it with play store scene : play store can silently install ( when you send signal from web interface ) and update apps without owner 's knowledge . mobile providers can also do this as long as their trojan app comes pre-installed with device . they can push and install an app to listen your voices . how to block it ? root your device and hunt down all apps from mobile providers which could do such nasty things . google can help . either remove them from system or block their access to internet using firewall ( there're many firewall apps in play store ) . flash a fresh new custom rom like cyanogenmod etc .
yes . carrieriq , smithlogger , htc logger , and a couple of other things are installed onto the device by the carriers . iphones are stuck with ciq , with nothing more than the mere delusion it is not there or that they can get rid of it when , in fact , they cannot however , you can get this , which is more helpful if you are rooted , but even without root privileges , it can point you to the opt-out screen for any logging service that may be on your phone . furthermore , all this news talk about malware on androids is crap . you have to install said " malware " - but the " malware " barely even exists . so long as you pay attention to what permissions each app you are installing has , you have no chance of anyone leveraging your phone to spy on you .
ahh , schneier on security , unvy gb gur xvat . :- ) tl ; dr it may be possible , no one can say for sure . and since no one knows if it is possible you can not block it , because you do not know what and therefore how to block . but first , let use investigate the statement step by step : note that the article is from 2006 . . . said mobile providers can . . . google is certainly able to do so , if you are using a google services enabled device ( usually the ones with " by google " on the back ) . but basically every hardware/software manufacturer , whose parts are placed within smartphone ( or traditional mobile phone ) , is able to install backdoors in his products , which could by used third parties to manipulate the device . either because they bought this access or because the manufacturer is forced to , for example by a ( secret ) government regulation . . . . " remotely install a piece of software on to any handset , . . that is possible and every time you install an app over the play store web interface you use this technique . . . without the owner 's knowledge , . . usually you will see visual feedback about the installation process , at least until it is running . but the notification about the new app stays in the notification bar . but no one can rule out that there is a silent install method too . . . which will activate the microphone even when its owner is not making a call . . . android apps are able to activiate the microphone if they have the permission to to so . but if the app came with a silent install method , who knows if the permission for the microphone was also silently given ? and now , how can i protect my privacy ? as soon as you buy a piece of hardware/software without having the ability to verify the hardware and software components for surveillance backdoors , you are lost . but there are alternatives . there have been attempts to create open source hardware and software for smartphones . therefore allowing you to review the components for unwanted modules . see for example opoenmoko .
to answer this question : is this possible one android phones and is there a way to block it ? recently , as far back as the start of this year , there was uproar over a small piece of software which was hidden in certain handsets , and was able to monitor everything - the infamous carrier-iq . a bit about the carrier-iq as quoted from wikipedia it provides diagnostic analysis of smartphones to the wireless industry . the company says that its software is deployed in over 150 million devices worldwide . thing is , no one really know for certain if they actually did , as the security world got " excited " about it and started to slam-back on the manufacturers - apple , htc , samsung , sony , to name but a few . and exposed the ruse behind it , all of a sudden that hype fed its way into the android world , and guess what happened - an app appeared on the google play store , carrier-iq detector . what i was emphasizing , is how the paranoia made its way into the norms of human emotions - yes , a lot of people were really mad and demanded to know - was there a breach of privacy ? by the way , if you look on the main carrier-iq site here , there is a ticker that states as of now , 147,918,175 handsets deployed . . . . ( ok , am not really sure if they are trolling us with that ticker but questionable as it was stated on the wikipedia that is " deployed in over 150million devices " heck it aint even there ! ! ! ) yes it is quite possible that there are back-doors available to do just that kind of thing , and is commonly associated with stock roms straight from the factory ! zte had one , and was reported a while ago and its publicly available on pastebin . for the sake of historical information , i will quote it here in case it gets lost . the zte score m is an android 2.3.4 ( gingerbread ) phone available in the united states on metropcs , made by chinese telecom zte corporation . there is a setuid-root application at /system/bin/sync_agent that serves no function besides providing a root shell backdoor on the device . just give the magic , hard-coded password to get a root shell : $ sync_agent ztex1609523 id uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) nice backdoor , zte . it does show one thing and one thing alone , stock roms ! all too often people can be naive in thinking that just because its " stock rom " , it does its job . now , not to induce fear or paranoia into anyone , which i certainly would not wish to do so , it helps to have a cool collected thoughts about this . the dose of reality will hit home , once you realize how , custom roms have a better advantage over stock roms , they are compiled from source code and is publicly available , such as cyanogenmod , aosp , caf , aokp ; rest assured , you will be equally better off with those roms in the long term . why ? for the most part those custom roms would be rooted anyway , which will enable you as a user , to have a tight rein on the handset in the way you want it , not some fancy-schmancy stock skin on top of the rom , such as htc sense , samsung touchwiz , sony timescape etc . and if the developer of said rom is trusted to be good , i.e. good community feedback , then yes you would be pretty safe . what you can do to re-inforce the belief that a custom rom is better than stock any day is this , knowing that the rom is rooted , you can use droidwall/hi-surfing , or another type of firewall , to block access to those " sneaky " apps like that . that will put in a level of assurance , but having said that , its not about justifying why having a rooted rom in the first place , rather its , to empower yourself over the handset and use it in the way you want . if you do not like an app , uninstall it , if an app requires root - then so be it . it does make you think and ponder for a bit in why carriers would rather have you to be stuck with a stock rom , and a locked bootloader i.e. " rooting will void the warranty " , " unlock the bootloader - you are on your own " , but there is always two sides to the same coin , if anyone can get their hands on a handset , and unlock the bootloader , it will simply factory reset and wipe the data upon unlocking and reboot ! so you can see how , from a security viewpoint in what is going on and the decisions involved . i know , when i made a rom for zte blade , i was trusting that the source does not have any malicious code , well , it was coming from aosp source on google and yes , its rooted , and users feedback is good . there is a lot of thought in what was said , and yes , that kind of thing can be blocked - if you want to be really secure - block the following under droidwall here , download manager , downloads , drm protected content storage , media storage . google services framework , network location , google calendar sync , google contacts sync . and finally , block the linux kernel as well . with those criteria selected , you will most certainly not be able to download remotely nor sync either . also , pay attention to the permissions that is asked for by the app on google play store , be prudent and you will have nothing to fear .
i guess there must be a backdoor for this because i have read in a news article that it will be possible to upgrade ( officially ) the os on samsung galaxy without connecting it with a usb cable to another computer by means of a new " kies " app from samsung . so , it is possible for an app ( in this case , at least the kies app ) to re-install the os . but this backdoor might be well-protected ( requiring cryptographic signatures from samsung perhaps -- just a guess ) . and the article told that one should install the " kies " app ( if it is not present ) through the " samsung apps " app . ( i have not tested this myself because i have been using the device without a sim-card , but the " samsung app " app wants a sim-card . . . ) so , it is possible to install an app that will be able to re-install the os . but this backdoor might be well protected ( perhaps , only an app from samsung can do this ) .
use rom manager app . it can install roms from sd card . you can download your favorite roms using it , too . and , samsung galaxy s is officially supported by it .
( i have read it must be possible to flash an update stored as a file on the device in a recovery mode . ) indeed , " procedure b : ( does not require adb ) " from galaxy s i9000 howto section ( on forum . xda-developers ) must enable me to re-install the os without a usb cable on a non-rooted samsung galaxy s : copy the customrom/root file to the "/sdcard/" folder on the phone and ( if not already the case ) rename to " update . zip " restart in recovery mode by pressing an holding volumeup+home+power . wait for the recovery screen en select " apply : /sdcard/update . zip " wait for it to finish and reboot .
facebook does indeed update pretty often with random bug fixes as well as security , performance and stability updates . often this depends on the company as well as the urgency of the update . security updates tend to be urgent and are often shipped as quickly as the exploits are patched whilst minor bug fixes might be accumulated first and shipped as a larger update later on . automatic updates means less savvy users always have the latest version of the facebook app and the relevant bug fixes and security patches . if this bothers you , consider disabling automatic updates . edit this is the facebook changelog taken from changelog droid
according to google 's help pages on using voice within the search app , the voice actions only work for a limited set of languages : for most of these tips , you need to be using android 4.1+ in english , french , german , italian , japanese , korean , russian , spanish , or brazilian portuguese . some voice actions are not available in all languages and countries . they are not referring to the search app 's " language " setting , as that only governs language in which search results are returned . you must change the system-wide Language setting to one the supported locales under settings -> language and input . unfortunately there is currently no way to use voice actions under other locales . google however are always improving their search app , so it is possible that voice actions will become available in your country 's language soon .
setting the system-wide language to english ( us ) ( in addition to having the voice search language set to english ( us ) ) made voice commands work . i tried this because of a comment by chahk . however , i would rather see a solution where i can have my system-wide language set to something other than english .
you can install an app to see what apps asks permission to use gps then you can see which app of all of them is using your gps but rulling out them one by one . propably fb or another sns app did this . if huawei wanted to spy on you there are better ways to do so . one good app to start with is f-secure app permission and can be found here https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fsecure.app.permissions.privacyhl=en
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , and nova is surprisingly snappy on it . you can change how fast the animations / transitions are . in my case , i set it to faster than light . if you are not content with that , you can go further and disable animations / delays via the phone 's Developer options settings .
sony has software on their android devices , called timescape ui , which does what you are looking for , unfortunately it is only for their phones . i have had a look around and can not find any alternatives . if you look in the market , timescape has a load of plugins - it is such a shame they do not open it up to the android community as a whole .
idk if wp8s have this feature , but is there a way to save your messages to the sim ? that is assuming you will be keeping the sim .
as the op found a solution , but missed to make it an answer , let me transfer it here : i solved my problem exporting sms to csv by nokia suite and then importing it to my device using sms tools - all in one application .
i had an issue connecting with esfe to a win7 pc . this did the trick for me : go to network adapter configuration -> tcp ip 4 settins -> wins -> enable netbios over tcp/ip . esfe is looking for netbios over tcp/ip because android probably does not natively run netbios protocol .
when you input the username , use host\shashi where host is the netbios of the windows machine you are trying to connect to : that is , the name that it is listed under after you scan for machines to connect to .
the typical implementation of a " hot reboot " does not actually shut down the os and restart it ( see what does hot boot mean ? for related discussion ) . in essence , it is killing the ui and other foreground processes , then restarting the ui components , making it somewhat analogous to restarting the x server on a *nix machine . the music player spawns a background service that actually handles playback , and services simply are not interrupted in the hot reboot process . using the *nix analogy again , restarting your x server typically does not kill your daemons , but it will stop any currently running x applications . it is a similar principle on every hot reboot implementation i have seen . now i should probably also qualify this with a disclaimer that this is based on my understanding of one such implementation of the " hot reboot " feature . there may be others that do it differently , but since this is not a standard/native feature and it is generally not documented anywhere you had likely have to reach out to the developer of your particular app or rom for more information . heck , this may even vary depending on the music player you are using - the above is just my analysis based on the limited information i have found available on the subject .
as far as i know this is not possible . imho , it contradicts google 's incentive to have an as best as possible geolocation service . some background information : google maintains a huge database for its geolocation service ( "access coarse location " permission ) . it consists of : wifi access point mappings : wifi mac address resolve to a geolocation cell tower mapping : cell tower id 's resolve to a geolocation this database is " community " crowd-sourced by the huge android user base , aka . everyone that has google 's location service enabled ( see below ) google is interested to have a high quality database , i.e. convince you to opt in to allowing your phone to be part of the crowd-sourcing hence : if you want to use ' coarse location ' services from google you opt in to constant data mining as long as it is enabled ps : disabling wifi only cuts you off from one of the possible information sources . having cell tower id 's will still give you coarse location , but with lower accuracy some may recall the skyhook vs . google dispute where google seemingly pressured motorola and samsung to prefer google 's own geolocation service over that of skyhook ( out of fear for losing part of the crowdsourcing community if those two big players would have used the 3rd party skyhook service ) . source : theverge
how do you know it is not a driver problem ? you have tried different cables ? hopefully one that is confirmed to work with another phone . have you tried a different computer ? if its still dead to usb- then it sounds like a hardware issue with the phone , if you are under warranty then take it back !
i hear these symptoms quite a lot from the galaxy s : usb charging does work , but the galaxy s does not get recognized and no usb data connection ( mass storage , debug , etc . ) is established . this seems like a hardware design flaw , which hopefully got fixed with newer models . i think you should return your phone and have it repaired .
maybe this will help you thanks , to my samsung galaxy 3 ( gt-i5801 ) is not being detected in my pc -- what should i do ? : unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the following number : *#7284# once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . plug the usb cable .
turns out my center pins ( 2 and 3 ) on my galaxy s were dirty . try cleaning the port ( or plugging in the cable many , many times ) see this question for the description of the pins micro usb cables that only charge but no data , no mounting etc ( samsung galaxy s )
on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . in particular , an sms app might have permissions " edit your text messages " , " receive text messages " , " read your text messages " , " send sms messages " , each one saying whether it applies to sms , mms , or both . they are pretty self-explanatory on the face of it , but there are some subtleties . " receive text messages " means the app will be notified ( by android ) of a new message as soon as it arrives . this is normal for an sms app , or for a few apps that use a special sms to validate your phone number with some online service ( such as facebook ) . in contrast , " read your text messages " lets an app get data from android 's database containing your message history . this means it can see messages sent from different apps , or messages you sent or received before you installed the new app . any text message you can see in the stock sms app , this app will also have access to . again , this is normal in an sms app . " edit your text messages " gives the app write access to that same database . for example , the app uses this to save messages or drafts to your message history . again , this is completely normal for an sms app . but it could also be used for an app that illicitly sends premium sms messages to delete the records afterwards . like any permission , it comes down to trust . it is on you to decide if you trust the author of this app to only use these abilities the way you want : not just now , but in future versions of the app too until you you uninstall it .
first reason , the gps can reduce power consumption if the gps is turned off , however if the gps is turned off and the user moves too far away , the gps will have to redo a lot of initialization calculations ( which can take about 5 minutes in typical gps device , though can be slightly faster if the device knows an approximate location or if it does not need to be too accurate ) , this initialization wastes a lot of power and so android usually keeps the gps turned on for a while . the gps driver uses those parameters to make decisions whether to turn off gps or keeping it turned on will be much more economical . second reason , poorly written applications are much more difficult to write with how android 's gps api is . if the gps driver simply fired callbacks as fast as it can , then poorly written software can just process as much as it can , instead of filtering only those that it needs . also , this kind of api forces programmer to explicitly think about their frequency and accuracy requirement , and allow the driver to better manage power vs accuracy tradeoff . in many cases , in areas with high cell tower density , android might decide to simply use network location and on other places to use gps when the network location is unreliable . all that can be done transparently to application programmers .
gps is a passive technology - it does not get notified of a new position , it works it out by listening to the gps signals it receives and doing some maths . the options in gps apps that allow you to choose the minimum distance are there to make your location appear more stable - small variations in your calculated location would otherwise make for lots and lots of waypoints on your track ( if that is what you are recording ) , making for a much increased filesize . depending on what your app does when you change position , you might get some power savings by increasing this value , but that would be down to the app doing less with the position once it has it , rather than by getting your position less frequently . the glympse app , for example , continually sends your position to the glympse servers . if you could choose how often to update that position you could maybe save some power , but you would not be saving any power on the gps side of things .
winamp will need to be installed for android systems . you should not have to do anything if it is an iphone , ipod , etc as they will play and detect the . pls stream . also i am not sure and would like to find out myself if this type of stream is supported for other pads and such except phones as i am trying to build a mobile site for my station . any info ?
i believe you need to install winamp or another shoutcast-streaming client .
some sim cards have puk codes printed on the punch out cards that the sim card came from . t-mobile for example has puk code printed on the plastic punch out .
before you flash a modem , try another dialer app , just in case it is at fault . check if 3g/lte/wifi are working at all . chances are that it is the modem that is causing the issue but it is easier to install an app or two before flashing basebands . on the samsung galaxy s4 international lte model : gt-i9505 you cannot flash a modem through recovery . you must use Odin to do this . complete list of modems for gt-i9505 and i9500 is here . it is with noting that sometimes the first flash fails , and can even read as " success " in odin . untick reboot and try it twice , then reboot the device . you man need to try a couple of modems , but try initially to flash the one relative to your rom ( in your case XXUFNAD ) . however , the baseband ( modem ) can be different depending on your region/carrier/settings/rom so a little trial and error is required . you may be using a 4.2 modem for example and this probably will not work . most 4.3 and 4.4 modems will work fine in kitkat . edit : this is the recommended modem with the new bootloader . this modem is XXUEMJ5 version . try this first . then experiment with others . flash it in odin as below , however , do it separetely without the bootloader option .
at adobe reader click on top part of screen , then you will see top toolbar . at toolbar you need 4 button from right corner of toolbar .
first , you should root your smartphone . then , use link2sdapp . then , move the app to the sd card .
this is what i did in android 4.1 and gmail : open gmail tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and select settings tap the account for which you do not want to get notifications uncheck the notifications option that should be all you need to do .
the first thing worth noting that your original attempt at pointing your browser to the . apk directly should work ( see the comments starting with stephen schrauger 's ) . it is not really clear why this would not be the case for you , but you may want to double-check your downloads app ( in the app drawer ) and your pathing . it could be that it is " downloading " in the background but it happens so quickly that you do not realize it . if for some reason that really is not working , then you can try a potential workaround . this is pretty ugly , but it does work . i have tested this on my nexus 10 , for reference . create a folder on your laptop that contains your apk files ( we will call it apkfolder for the purposes of this example ) , then within that folder create an html file ( we will call it apkinstall.html ) using a text editor . since you have an astro apk , use this as the content of the html file : &lt;a href="Astro.apk"&gt;Install Astro&lt;/a&gt;  where Astro.apk should be the actual name of your astro apk file . now copy apkfolder onto the root of your nexus 7 's storage using android file transfer . make sure that all the apks copy over as well as the html file . if you are using textedit on a mac : textedit will attempt to treat things as rtf files by default , so even if you save it with a . html extension it may not work . one workaround i have found is to go to Format &gt; Make Plain Text before you save the file . you will know you are in the correct format when the rulers and such disappear from the textedit window . then you can save the file and make sure you use change the .txt to .html . next launch your browser , and point it to file:///sdcard/apkfolder/apkinstall.html . you should get a mostly blank page , with a link that says " install astro " . click that link to install the astro apk from your storage , then use astro to install all your other apps . if you are using chrome , then you will probably need to pull down the notification bar and tap the " download complete " notification to actually kick off the install . in the more general case , if you did not have a file manager apk , you could instead add a bunch of link entries to the html file - one for each app - and install all of them that way . in your case , this should not be necessary .
as i siad in question i tried all them of these shortcut . none of them was fix it ?
there are some hotkeys listed for ics , which hopefully still work with kitkat : rotating the screen : ( to get that operate we must to have activated “auto-rotate screen” ) press f12 two times in less than 2 seconds = rotate 90º to the left . press f11 two times in less than 2 seconds = rotate 90º to the right . press f10 two times in less than 2 seconds = rotate 180º . press f9 two times in less than 2 seconds = normal view 0/360º . so i would say try hitting f11 twice should solve your issue – after activating screen-rotation .
there is no way to tell if the call is coming from google voice unless you change your settings to show the google voice number , but then as chris stated , you wont know who is calling . the reason , it is not the google voice app that handles the incoming call , you can actually receive google voice calls to your phone without even having the app installed . the google voice servers forward the call to your number ( s ) , and based on your settings , they send either the callers info or your google voice number with the " caller id " info .
with the stock keyboards , no . some 3rd party keyboards may allow this , but i do not know any . there are some keyboards that have additional options too .
. srt is just text . so , i am sure you can edit it using any text editor like jota+ . give it a try , and let me know if it works .
with subtitle editor free you can edit your subtitles in your mobile phone . application support several different encodings and you can edit time , text , re-sync subtitles and app has a lot of other functions . try this app ! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mixedapps.subtitlescreator
the folder you are seeing is the internal sd one . just put your update . zip file there and search for it , it might be hidden in the scroll , just go down and it will show more files in the folder . to make the process a lot more easy , just rename your * . zip to update . zip , but the file in the root of the internal sd card folder and use the install update . zip from internal sd method .
try smartbar . i used to use it and it allows you to put shortcuts in the notification bar as well as hide icons in the notification bar . i can not remember off the top of my head if it hides the icons put there by other apps but i think it does . sorry for the cheap answer , i just can not remember and i do not have time right now to download it and try it out to be sure .
as of android 2.0 , the system requires that apps that run constantly in the background , and that require a certain level of priority so that they do not get killed offhand ( like music apps ) , put an ongoing notification . this was to prevent abuse of requesting this level of priority without letting the user know that it is occurring . you can read about this here : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#startforeground(int, android . app . notification )
i would talk to the developers of apps and ask them is they plan to include the option to remove the app from the notification bar . they may oblige such a request . you could also leave a comment for the app and add that as a side note . cm team and other rom developers do create flashable updates to their roms so that icons and other items can be removed from the notification bar , but they usually do not do this for specific applications . you could check out information on this in the forum of the rom you are using .
as others have said , you can not remove an ongoing notification from the notification bar . it is there to alert the user that the app is constantly running , and without it the app could potentially be killed at any time by the os . that said , if you are running jelly bean ( or newer ) , there is the option of disabling all notifications from an app . the setting is per-app and can be found in settings > apps > ( select the app ) > uncheck the " show notifications " box . the one caveat to this method is that the app will no longer show any notifications in the notification bar , but if that is acceptable to you than i have found this method to be an easy way to stop my notification drawer from filling up with unnecessary notifications .
fyi , downloading the html of a webpage without authorization from the owner of the site would probably be breaking terms of use of said site . if this is your website you maintain/own , then you should be fine here . as for an app that can view source code of webpages try : html source viewer search marketplace for " html source " and there should be others too . not sure if any of them can copy/paste code , but its worth a look .
the xscope browser lets you save webpages but i can only seem to be able to attach pictures to emails from the gmail app so you might struggle attaching the webpage .
dolphin browswer hd has an option to " save page . " i tried it on this page and it saved it as 1606 . htm . i then went into gmail and chose to " add attachment " and used astro file browser to attach it .
well it starts because that is how dev coded it . you can try programs like startup manager that will kill the program once it starts .
as soon as your keyboard appears , pull down the notifications center . there you should see a notification " choose input method " , tap it . a menu dialog should appear allowing you to choose a different keyboard .
when i updated my htc desire x ice cream sandwitch to 4.1.1 , i also lost my trace keyboard . but then i installed the next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
my experience is that the swype option disappeared with the upgrade . at first , i was really annoyed . then i downloaded the swype trial from play . it is so much better than what i had before that i have no hesitation in paying the $0.99 to get the full-blown swype .
i checked a few alternatives and found that the free go keyboard is the closest match to the old htc desire x one as the spacebar is longer and easier to press . however , my phone gets slower whenever i want to open the keyboard to type like sms , whatsapp , etc . could be that the app is slowing down the phone . i wish they had include the swype keyboard in their latest software update . kind of weird that they have taken out a function for an update .
some phones do not allow unlocking with the google password even if you are connected to the internet . the password is cached on the device and must be the same . this means that you must use the temporary password that you setup your account with . this is device dependent and i understand that it is a bigger problem for older devices , like those running gingerbread . my advice is to use a password safe like keepass and keep that temporary password saved in case you need to unlock your phone . my kids locked my phone by playing around with it and my normal password would not unlock it . had to reset to factory settings to get it off .
you can use your normal google account password to unlock the phone ( as long as you are connected to the internet ) , even if you have 2-step authentication turned on . i have tested it on a galaxy nexus running ics and another running jelly bean , and on a nexus 7 running jelly bean . there might be a possibility that this was different on android 2.3 but i do not think so .
i am unable to understand why you have problem . as you have said in your second point , it asks users to login with google account . when it comes to authentication of google account , why is password matter to you ? you can do this in those situations : create a new application-specific password and use that ( you can delete old one ) . use one time emergency passcode generated at the time of enabling 2-step authentication . turn off 2-step authentication and use original google account password . i have used first one once when my jeans pocket screwed things up .
if really damaged - only by re-soldering broken components by new components . but how ? usb polarity is declared in standard , cable is impossible to insert at wrong position without break of connector .
be patient , it can take a while for your device to show on there
i had a similar issue ( new device can install from google play , but from the website it was not being shown as a device under my settings ) . what i had to do was to go into settings/apps/google play on the device and then clear the data . once that is done , when you next launch play , it will ask you to accept the terms and conditions . then i just downloaded an app ( any app will do ) on the device . this seems to alert the web settings that there is another device . i then checked my settings on the play website and the device was now listed ( no delay , it was there straight away ) . note that i never logged out of the browser , or cleared any browser caches etc . effectively the step are : clear the google play app cache on the android device . start play and accept t and cs download any app from inside the play app . hopefully this will work for others too .
have you tried singing out on both pc and device google ( ever stuff ) accounts then history / catch erase un sync old device from the gmail address via your google dashboard settings then on device delete and re associate new device by add account on sign even though the device is new and listed as compatible you may need to go to ' market ' to download ' google play ' app . yes i no sounds silly but true story . . go into device settings -- to applications and sync ---into device accounts / add account---ensure weather or not the data background is on if it is green or enabled try this back out to network n wifi and go to airplane mode enable then disable remember upon completion -- to enable sync or turn on sync across platforms . . . . . . . . . . . . . the only reference to the suggestions above is personal experience . . . first 1 should work tho good luck ; - )
auto-fit is supposed to force the text to wrap based on the size of your screen when you zoom in on a web page . i think . as long as i am connecting the right term with the right action , it has limits . for instance , the page width does not actually change , and images and side bars will not change position , shape , or size . basically it is designed to keep you from scrolling sideways to read the text of an article .
i think the instructions you find in this thread are fairly clear , aside from the process of rooting your phone and installing rom manager . all the standard disclaimers apply , of course . what you do with your phone is your business and nothing any of us say makes us responsible if you brick your device .
i have had this problem too , but i have found that it is correlated to low internal memory on the phone . try clearing the cache from some apps and uninstalling the ones you do not use , it helped for me . nexus one 2.3.7
you would need root to access /data/data , and rooting would require unlocking your bootloader , which would wipe your data . other than doing a factory reset , there may be no other way .
answer 1: in short yes , the factory reset ( as the name suggests ) brings the phones software back to the state it was when it left the " factory " . there are most likely some hypothetical cases where this would not fix it , but they would require some personal time with your phone and some hardcore technical skills that seem extremely unlikely to occur and are most definitely nothing to worry about ( it would be like worrying anonymous is going to hack your personal website ) . answer 2: there is a very similar question to this one located here : android spy apps with two answers that should be satisfactory .
as colin already pointed out , a factory-reset clears all apps , data , and cache from things installed/edited in user mode ( i.e. . without root or system privileges , see our factory-reset tag-wiki for details ) . so yes , if you did not root your device , it is pretty safe to assume a factory-reset removes those " spy apps " along . concerning " checking for spy apps": there are plenty of apps on google play claiming to do that . however , it might be hard to decide what makes an app a " spy app": recording audio ? fully legit for an audio recorder . taking pictures/videos ? a video recorder/camera app is supposed to do that . still , there are several " frameworks " or " ad-modules " known as being suspicios , and apps using them will be presented by e.g. lookout ad network detector , privacy scanner ( antispy ) free , appbrain ad detector ( to name my 3 favorites here ) , and similar tools – which often even offer you to remove " offenders " .
you do not need root . you also do not need a terminal , for an app to use its own private utilities . but if you want vim , terminal ide provides that , a number of other utilities ( git , ssh , tmux ) , the ability to use bash or java as a ' scripting language ' at the terminal , and the ability to create and install android apps on-device . i use terminal ide and vim quite a bit , ( but with better terminal emulator pro 's terminal , actually . )
rooting your phone gives you root access ( duh ! ) , but that does not mean accessing a shell requires you to root your phone . you can use adb to connect to your device and gain shell access . you can also use connectbot to access your device 's shell on the device itself . this will give you normal access to your device and you will not be able to run su to gain root access . you can , however , modify and play with files to which you have access . vim is available without root access , so , so far you still have no reason to root your phone .
if you can , boot into fastboot by holding down both volume keys and pressing the power key , then start recovery and do a factory reset .
i never heard there is a difference : factory-reset is factory-reset ( which is why both methods are often mentioned alternatively to each other : if you still can power up your device manually , you can use the corresponding item in the settings menu -- otherwise , you can go via the recovery-mode ) . usually , the menu item in settings says something like " reset to factory defaults " , while the corresponding entry in recovery says " wipe data and caches " . now , what is a factory-reset , in technical terms ? resetting all settings to the defaults of the currently installed rom , while deleting all data and user-installed apps . how is that done ? by . . . wiping /data ( user-apps and data , plus dalvik cache ) and wiping /cache ( app cache ) now comes the circular reasoning : is not that what the corresponding entry in recovery says -- " wiping data and caches " ?
i am not sure if the following will be a perfect match for you , but you always can adjust it once you have got the idea . in my example , i will refer to tasker only : not having worked with the secure settings myself , i can only tell things about it from the hear-say and what i have read . basic tasker knowledge assumed : conditions : State &rarr ; Wifi Connected , parameter : SSID set to your wifi 's ssid State &rarr ; Display is off task : Display &rarr ; Keyguard off 1 this is with plain tasker , and should solve half of your problem : when connected to the specified wifi , and the display is turned off , turn off keyguard . as soon as you turn on the display , the condition is no longer met -- and keyguard would automatically be activated again . problem will be : if you do not take any immediate action , that probably locks your screen again ( first action of keyguard ) . to prevent this , you could try adding an exit task : exit task : Tasker &rarr ; Wait , parameter is the time interval ( start with e.g. 10s ) Display &rarr ; Keyguard on 1 this would cause the keyguard re-activation to be delayed by the given time interval . i did not try this -- it might very well be that keyguard still would lock the device , even though you already might do something in another app . but you have already noted the " footnote sign " , so let 's go for that : 1 instead of handling keyguard directly , let secure settings do that . i know it has the ability to e.g. have keyguard only come up once ( initially ) when a condition is met . this would simplify things greatly : the task then would be Plugin &rarr ; Secure Settings , and the secure settings parameter should be to set keyguard as described : " only needed once initially , then no more until the condition is no longer met " . also drop the " display off " condition : when the display is off , you cannot unlock it either ( you see where your problem most likely was ) . so it should work as you have intended -- after the first unlock . not exactly what you wanted ( one-time unlock is still needed ) , but almost . the exit task would not be required in this case , as tasker automatically reverts back once the condition is no longer met . play a little with this , maybe secure setting even allows for something better .
do it after , just in case . rooting should not affect this process , but you never know . if it fails to activate you will need to bring it in presumably , and if they see it is rooted they will not honor your warranty . installing a custom rom can definitely screw this up , though , so i would not do that . the comments on my answer to this question have some insight into that experience ( fortunately he got it fixed ) .
there is an option to do this under ice cream sandwich and later , go into settings tap on data usage ensure that mobile data is activated , if not , a check-box stating set mobile data limit will appear underneath , checking that will bring up a informational dialog box stating limiting data usage . now the graph chart will have two sliders active amber ( warning ) and red ( maximum ) , by moving the amber coloured bar , that is your warning limit set . and moving the red coloured bar , is your maximum limit , set that to 250mb max as per your case , and set the amber bar to around 230mb as a warning and ics/jellybean will remind you that you are hitting the limit .
if you are connected via wi-fi , your phone will only use that connection . the only sort of data that would be required to use mobile data would be mms ( aka multimedia messages ) everything else will operate with wi-fi if you have it . one thing you will also want to look into is the wi-fi sleep policy , to ensure you phone never disconnects from wi-fi if it is in range . go to : Settings \u2192 Wifi \u2192 Advanced (via menu button) \u2192 Sleep Policy  set this to " never " , so your phone will always use wi-fi ( if available ) when it is asleep . this also saves battery as the distance between your wi-fi and your phone is a lot shorter than the phone mast and your phone ! update if you are that concerned about using mobile data , search the market for " apn droid " , which is an app that completely turns on/off your mobile data .
you may appear to be connected to your wi-fi , but you may not be connected to the internet . it is possible that the internet is down .
check your signal bar in the top right corner of the notification bar . if it displays the both the wifi ( quarter circle ) and the 3g/hdspa bar ( right triangle ) , then your phone will prefer wifi , otherwise it will use 3g/hdspa . also note that the wifi signal bar is overlaid with small triangles when there is an active data transfer through wifi and the phone signal bar is overlaid with similar triangle when there is an active data transfer through 3g/hdspa . also note that the when 3g is active , the phone signal bar is overlaid with 3g or h icon . also note that when connected to wifi , the 3g/h icon is missing from the phone signal bar , which shows that 3g/hdspa has been disabled .
it is a software issue with ice cream sandwich as far as i know , so no fix . it may only be present on certain models however , i only have anecdotal evidence for this but i have the issue on my nexus s model iml74k but know someone with a different model of nexus s and they do not seem to have the issue . . .
android os versions 3 . x and above ( honeycomb , ice cream sandwich ) actually have a setting that allows you to specify " owner info " text that will show up when the device is locked . there are also many 3rd-party locks-creen replacement apps that allow for much greater configuration flexibility than the stock one , including the ability to specify any text on the locks-creen . take a look at widgetlocker or go locker , for example . for the " unlocked " state , you can always modify an image to include the " if found . . . " text , copy it onto the device 's sd card ( or internal storage area ) , and set that as the wallpaper . you can use one of the myriad of free image editing software ( e . g . paint .net) to add the text .
to expand on chahk 's answer : go to the settings app , and from the personal section , choose security ( on a samsung phone , choose lock screen instead ) . then tap owner info , and enter your name , room number , phone number ( though not of the same phone , obviously ) , or whatever . i found this a bit limiting , especially for working in a big office , so i wrote a lock screen widget to also display your profile photo ( the one that shows up with your name in the quick-access menu ) . this means that if someone picks your phone up while you are still nearby ( say , after a meeting , or at a party ) , they can give it straight to you , rather than having to phone your landline or email you later . i made it free to download , with no ads , because it is a really simple app : i have no financial interest in promoting it here . it needs 4.1-jelly-bean or later because that is the first version to support lock screen widgets . download owner photo widget from google play
https://market.android.com/details?id=com.appengine.paranoid_android.lost worked for me .
i do not have the galaxy s2 or swype any more , but i was able to fix the problem by changing the screen orientation and then changing it back again . once i did this , the corrections came back . i found this out purely by accident but was able to repeat it to confirm the fix the next time the problem happened .
i fixed by giving the mobile calendar the same name as its called on google . . .
can i just point out that this is not an android issue but a samsung issue . the android stock email app on a vanilla rom allows you to set the " your name " field . samsung 's modified email app does not have this field
for posterity 's sake , i would like to point out that after doing research online , i have found out that this is an issue plaguing samsung galaxy s2 and s3 as well . most of the discussions on this issue end with , " why do not you just get a @gmail account ? " since i refuse to have an email with numbers in it , i am going to stick to my more professional looking email on @live.com. i do not want to put an ugly email like jsmith223@live . com on my resume or any other correspondence for that matter . anyhoo , long story short , if you have a hotmail email address (@hotmail.com, @live.com, @outlook.com, etc ) and you value a synchronized mailbox ( meaning , having all sent and read messages marked as such on your desktop , web mailbox and phone regardless of where you sent or read a message ) , then do not get an android device until there is concrete evidence online of someone being able to show that it works . pop3 is archaic technology from the mid-90s . imap is not a whole lot newer , but you can still get by with imap . unfortunately , microsoft has refused to offer imap services on hotmail accounts . so your only options are pop3 and exchange activesync ( eas ) .
no , you will not be able to get it back without a backup unless you know someone with the same phone who can back it up and provide you with a copy . you also will not be able to update your system ota in the future either , as updates check to make sure that all the apps that should be there are present . if they are not , they will not install . freezing apps rather than deleting is generally a much better idea .
when you come out of the app pressing home button , it is state is stored . so no matter how many messages you get , you still go the previous message you were looking at , if you press messaging app . . . to prevent this , when you get a new message open notifications instead of messaging app . . this makes app refresh it is previous state to the current one . .
it is a problem with the google tv os , not the device 's firmware . there was a google tv update that supposedly came down the stream quite some time ago , but my logitech revue never got it . it was supposed to have given amazon instant an actual app instead of the link to chrome which is currently on the device . since logitech is no longer supporting the device , i do not count on ever getting that update , or any updates . what annoys me about this issue , though , is that i used to get hd through chrome on my revue . i actually bought an hd season pass for walking dead at the beginning of the season , and watched the first half in hd . i stumbled across the inability to watch hd content only a couple weeks ago . there must have been a software update on amazon 's end that created this new incompatibility , and since the revue is not getting any more updates , it will continue losing functionality like this . i am going to try watching walking dead via playon to see if it makes any sort of difference . though , that only runs through chrome , also . it does not have its own app on the revue , even though it does on a lot of other devices and platforms . it is only a matter of time before i replace my revue with a roku or something now .
when i go into accessibility on my froyo galaxy s i get this : no accessibility applications found you do not have any accessibility applications . you can download a screen reader from android market . click ok to install screen reader clicking ok takes me to the market search page for the talkback app . specifically the market has been searched for pname:com.google.android.marvin.talkback
you probably need talkback .
*its probably talking about either talkback , soundback , or kickback . ( talkback being when you divert to home it with articulate " home" ; soundback producing a ping ; kickback producing a vibration ) but i would make sure to double think which one you prefer or really need being that you will not be able to uninstall once downloaded . once downloaded it should give you an option . *
if you are rooted , use proxy droid . apps use different settings than the ones u provide in the wifi . so not only will your google play not work but also whatsapp and such apps . for that you would need a global proxy . and for that u need to be rooted . you install proxy droid . install iptables . and then ur done
i believe that feature was added with android 2.2 as my moto droid recently got the ability to do that . unfortunately , i believe you are out of luck until at and t pushes an update to your phone , unless you are willing to install a non-standard rom .
both facebook and twitter contact sync stopped doing anything useful sometime recently ( ics ? ) . they no longer provide a meaningful between your phone contacts and the actions provided by those clients . i think this has to do with changes to the android api that for whatever reason these companies have not adapted to . there is a stop-gap solution for facebook using a third party app such as contact sync for facebook or friends sync * but i do not know any solution for twitter other than the hack-it method of having a url listed and using the web client . * this publisher also has other sync apps for foursquare , flickr , and others .
why are you doing it that way ? not surprised that the app that was downloaded failed to work ! android 4.0.4 has native screenshot facility in place - hold down power button and press the volume down key simultaneously . a screenshot will be captured and stored on /sdcard/Screenshots
i was able to take screenshots after rebooting the device and running the same screenshot app with root permissions . the golauncher screenshot feature gives the same results , corrupt image when ran as root and very small image when ran as non-root .
look i use utorrent and yes this may occur sometimes . so what i do is that i only download huge files from utorrent if available as it is usual work was to transfer big files . by downloading big files from utorrent , the app does not get full access because what utorrent does is that it first downloads the file and then after downloading it does the multiple writing . so what you can do to stop this is just wait for the download to start and after 5 seconds of starting pause the download . now to start it again choose ' force start ' . now after the download is complete , pause the download . this would not let utorrent fetch extra information for the server . and there you have it . hope it works . if not then let me know what problems you encountered . a positive vote is always appreciated :d
to be honest , it sounds like a hardware fault in the phone , especially since you say it is been happening since you bought the phone . if the phone were still new , i would say you should take it back to the shop , but by flashing a new rom you have voided the warranty . to answer your question : no , it is not normal for that phone . i have known a few galaxy s2 owners , and you should get as much life out of it as any other smartphone : a couple of days between charges if you do not use it heavily .
root your phone , then use root explorer and download this wpa_supplicant file . rename the original to wpa_supplicant_backup and set the permissions of the downloaded wpa_supplicant to match the permissions of the original one . i tested on android 2.3.6 gingerbread it worked like a charm - almost . sometimes i have to turn off the and turn on the wifi twice but it is not a big deal .
i did a reset from " backup and reset " menu in settings . and this got the digital clock back .
this approach will work ( provided there are no proprietary funny locks in place anywhere ) , but the recovery partition is no party to it from the very beginning . the default . prop is overwritten on bootup , copied from the boot partition , which is not a directly accessible file system . you need an image of the boot partition , which you will then unpack , make the change , and repack . assuming you know how to go about doing all that ( since you say you tried it with the recovery ) , i must warn ahead that often times it is necessary to include the base address when making the image with mkbootimg . there is no way to know when it is required , so it is safe to always include a base address . you can follow a tutorial here : www.freeyourandroid.com/guide/extract-edit-repack-boot-img-windows the script includes the od command with which you can get the base address , in case you want to make your own script . for more on the manual steps ( for reproducing on gnu/linux ) : android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i do not recommend use of the unpack/repack scripts , as they have hardcoded lines not portable across cases . use split_bootimg . pl , then gunzip and cpio extract it , after which you will again use cpio and gzip it , followed by the mkbootimg command . the only exception is for mtk65xx devices , where you will need the relevant unpack/repack tools ( because they have very different offsets ; you will also skip the mkbootimg as the repack script does it for you ) : github.com/bgcngm/mtk-tools and here is an on-going example of a chinese rebranded phone going through the same thing to finally get root : forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1818146page=5 i am sorry i have to strip off proper links , but i am apparently considered potential spam . also , i have not been rather thorough because i am not really sure you had want more verbosity .
the above approach did not seem to work . either because the stock recovery put up was not meant for the device or the method is not this easy and may involve making other changes . the phone would not go into recovery mode , which is the only mode in which you would get a privileged shell to perform the necessary operations to obtain permanent root . another method would be to modify the build . prop in the boot image itself , repack and then flash it and adb to get a privileged shell in normal operating mode . better to follow someone else 's procedure when you are not too sure about your own .
it sounds like something has corrupted within your phone . you did not say if you forced a factory reset - that would be my first suggestion . failing that , you are left in a tricky situation . the only think i can suggest is to root your device and install a new rom over top , i tend to advise people to install cyanogenmod . luckily there are complete instructions for doing that over at the cyanogenmod wiki . good luck .
first of all , you need to to flash clockwork mod recovery over your default stock recovery . then get into clockworkmod recovery . after that you can flash any cynogenmod roms . use this guide to work with odin .
it looks like the key was holding down volume-down , power , and camera buttons until the capacitive buttons ( home , search , etc ) lit up , which was longer than until the screen flashed ( as stated in the cyanogenmod wiki ) .
the svc app ( pro version ) will automatically resume recording your video and save them in a chain of files . so you can leave it unmonitored and as recording reaches max file size it will continue recording into a second or third . . . file until you max your storage . this is the workaround that i have found myself using .
i emailed google about this here is the response i got : " thank you for contacting google . i appreciate your patience with me as i look into this issue . it seems as though the limit placed on the video data file of 2gb is written into the android operating system . this is in effect on all types of android devices . i have researched a few video control apps , they follow the same rule and stop at 1.9-2gb . at this time i do not believe there is a work around for this issue . i do not have software update information available either . some of the research i have done points to a possible legislative law that limits the video recording time of mobile devices as it takes away from video recorders . "
the string "3.0.8+ root@ubuntu #412" is the kernel version of your android . it does not mean your device is running ubuntu , though : it is not unusual that the kernel version includes the name of the machine it was compiled on . so it just tells you what the dev of your custom rom uses for development .
you could try using lcd density changer to decrease the density ( effectively increase the size of everything on-screen ) . this will probably result in the bottom and right side of screens being cut off , however . there are also ( limited ) accessibility options in settings -> accessibility . i think it might be limited to a screen reader . if the problem is really just things on-screen being too small , may i suggest eyeglasses ?
you can make text larger by going to the settings app and clicking on display and then font size . unfortunately , not all developers test their apps with different font size settings , so you may find some apps look bad or have their buttons in the wrong place . if you find an app like this you should always complain to the developer . newer android devices have more options for vision-impaired users , found in accessibility in the settings app ( find it in the system section , near the bottom of the list ) . there you can find an additional large text setting , as well as an option to read out on-screen text and describe gui elements , as matthew describes . you can also change how long a long-tap is : your father might find this useful if he has arthritis and sometimes long-taps by accident .
it could be because of a few reasons : the app is a paid app and your country does not support purchasing paid apps ( i do not know if india can or not yet ? ) your phone does not meet the min sdk requirements of the app . for instance , the app may require 2.1+ features , but your phone is running android 1.5 or 1.6 your phone is missing a feature that the app requires in order to use it ( things like sd cards , trackballs , etc . ) the app is carrier limited ( skype was an example of this ) market bug . occasionally there are listing problems in the market , especially if an app was recently updated
it happens the same to me . . . and for such popular apps as weatherbug , which is supposed to work with " all android versions " , according to them . i am running ecclair ( 2.1 update 1 ) of the same device ( xperia x10 mini ) . i could not find the wordreference app either , which i do not think requires too many features . so , according to bryan 's answer , and for these specific cases , i would point to . . . your phone is missing a feature that the app requires in order to use it ( things like sd cards , trackballs , etc . ) market bug . occasionally there are listing problems in the market , especially if an app was recently updated but , what can of special feaure can require a dictionary ? could it be becuase of the littlescreen size ?
pl check your gmail account with which you logged into market site is the same primary gamil account on your phone . the second reason that your phone does not support the listed apps . but i am using xperia mini pro . i have those apps installed on my phone .
who is the manufacturer of your phone ? if the phone comes with android per-installed and its a licensed one from google , play store should be installed and working in it . in that case , you should contact customer care and get your phone flashed with the stock rom .
i guess the easiest way is using an app like pocket ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . pocket accepts input from all kind of apps via the " share " menu ; i e.g. use it with my rss reader , twitter apps , browser , and more . so far for the " android end": even before the buffer starts filling , press " share " , select " pocket " , done . now for your pc , pocket offers addon for several browsers . for me , that is firefox , and it is addon works like a charm : i have got a small icon next to my url bar , which opens a ( paged ) list of saved entries which even offers a search/filter function – so it is easy to pick the wanted entry ( here : youtube url ) and watch the movie . the " share process " on your android device works in the background ( gives you status information via " toast messages" ) , so it does not disturb you in whatever you are doing . as a side effect ( you might already have taken that from my above description ) you can do the same with a lot of other stuff you want to " consume later " – as long as it provides an url : tweets , web pages , rss feeds , probably also podcasts and more . and if you decide to check some of the stuff while on the road , pocket offers a reader for that as well ( included with the app ) .
yes nova prime can organize in your drawer .
this is not a difficult thing to do . you just need to use a 3rd party launcher which is highly customizable . like nova or apex launcher . you could also give " aviate launcher " by yahoo a go which automatically makes a few " categories " as your home screens . but it is nothing like the usual launcher we use so liking it or not will be upto you .
it depends on the launcher . most stock launchers will not , but i know nova launcher ( only prime version ) has folders in the app drawer . it is all manually done , though . other launchers , which i can not name right now , can probably organize it for you .
this is not very elegant . . . open the android contacts app menu --> display options --> choose contacts to display under each account , expand the list , make a note somewhere of what was checked , and then uncheck everything tap done . you should now be left with phone-only contacts menu --> import/export --> share visible contacts you will see some options for sharing a vcard file ( . vcf ) . you could email it to yourself , upload it to google docs ( if you have the google docs app installed ) , etc . once you have confirmed you have shared the vcard file , unless you are feeling extra brave , do a quick backup of your contacts to your sd card : menu --> import/export --> export to sd card delete all the local contacts from your phone ( long-press --> delete contact ) import the contacts you shared in step 6 ( not the ones you backed up to your sd card in step 7 , which will include all of your contacts ) to open-xchange using the instructions on page 193 in the open-xchange user guide . more languages available here : http://oxpedia.org/index.php?title=main_page_ce#documentation back in the contacts app , go to menu --> display options --> choose contacts to display under each account , expand the list and recheck everything you unchecked earlier tap done . all your synced contacts should be visible again , including the ones you just exported ( the next time your phone does a sync )
you could physical approaches , such as setting a fan blowing across the phone or other airflow maximization ( e . g . , if you can stand it up , then both the back and front are exposed to air ) . lastly , if it does not interfere with the radios , you could try resting it on an upside-down heavy-duty aluminum jellyroll pan ( "cookie sheet" ) which will function as a heat sink . you can combine approaches of course ; a fan blowing over the jellyroll pan will be even better . that you are getting several hours before overheat tells me you are close , so you probably will not need to do much to dissipate the heat . standing the phone up may be enough . a fan almost certainly will be .
based on some quick testing i did on my nexus one running android 2.2 ( froyo ) , it seems like all sound is routed through headphones when they are plugged in . you could attach a male-to-male 1/8" ( 3.5mm ) audio cable from the headphone jack on your phone ( or the mini-usb-to-headphone-jack adapter , depending on your phone model ) to the line in jack on your pc . you may need to do some configuration on your pc to get sound from the line in to play to the speakers &mdash ; i recommend sister site super user if you need help with that . there is one caveat : although all sound is routed through the headphone jack , some sounds are still also heard through the phone 's speakers . the two most notable of these are the ringer and the camera shutter sound . depending on what exactly you are going for , that could be an issue .
launch chrome in the overflow menu , choose Settings under basics , tap the entry for your account disconnect the account ; you will be warned that the data will remain but you will lose your synchronization tap Sign in to Chrome at the bottom of the screen choose the account you want to use for synchronizing obviously for this to work you will need to have already added the account to your phone .
it does not support this out-of-the box , but you can swing it by using the xposed framework and the xposed gel settings module : install the xposed framework installer open the xf installer and select " framework " at the top of the menu , then press the " install/update " button on the next page reboot install xposed gel settings , either from google play or via the xf installer 's repo interface ( the " download " item on the main menu ) . launch xgels and open the app drawer ( tap the top left icon or swipe from the left edge ) . select " general " from the drawer , then switch on " rotation " on the list of settings . go into the xf installer and select " modules " from the main menu . check the box next to xgels to enable the module . reboot again
i own a moto x and i know that it has " two modes " of voice recognition : one activated at any time by the command " ok google now " , which appears on a black screen , and the other activated by the voice search button on search/google now app . every voice command recognized on the black screen is done offline , but on the white screen it needs to reach google to recognize the command . in this case download the offline language pack will save you some data and result in a faster command recognition , but you still need to be connected on the internet in order to do so .
the rumored google babel may be the solution you are looking for . hopefully it will be announced/released before or at google i/o .
google talk does not have any of those features . it is meant as a complement to gmail , and it is intended that if you want to send files or persistent things to your chat partner , you had email them . if you want a chat system that has all the features of whatsapp , why not just use whatsapp ?
some phones have an issue where they " think " a headset is plugged in when there is no headset . this causes the speaker and earpiece to not function . try using my app , soundabout , to alleviate this issue .
i too had a same problem on xeperia x8 . i guess the cause was i kept on downloading the android apps without restarting the mobile for months . after experiencing similar issue like you i have just restarted my mobile , did not revert any settings to default or upgrade os to latest . it solved ! ! .
i found out that it was my lock button , i put on my otterbox then banged my lock button against my table fairly hard , but if you do not have a good case i do not recommend that because it would probably crack your phone . use your wrist
although just a " little " late i did create a free application called total backup to save and restore most of the contact joins without needing root . it can be found at google play or amazon appstore . do not hesitate with feedback .
your contacts should all be backed up to the google account you registered your phone with , provided that you are saving your contacts to google and not your sim card . check to make sure that you are using google as your default contact list , and that syncing for contacts for that account is checked . update : you can use titanium backup to migrate settings between rom wipes for other apps/contacts .
to find out the actual size of the ring buffer , you can use $ adb logcat -g  to adjust the size of the ring buffer , you might try $ adb logcat -r &lt;kbytes&gt;  at least that is what some tutorials say . for more details , you might want to read " adb logcat " command options and log buffers . p.s. : i guess those settings ( manual adjusted ring buffer size ) will not survive a reboot -- just to consider .
if you are looking to change the default size for a log buffer , to persist between reboots , you can recompile the kernel with updated buffer sizes . the file containing log buffer definitions is : &lt;kernel&gt;/drivers/staging/android/logger.c  the versions i am looking at use a macro to define log buffers in that file : DEFINE_LOGGER_DEVICE(variable, name, size)  there will likely be a number of loggers ; " main " is usually the one you are looking for .
the following is the way i enable additional spell checkers on my galaxy nexus which runs on vanilla android 4.3 , i hope it will be the same for your moto g : open your app drawer and go to settings > language and input scroll down to keyboard and input methods section : if your google keyboard is enabled , tap its settings button , if not , enable it first . on google keyboard settings screen , tap input languages on input languages screen , scroll down and enable polish . then tap back . you should be on google keyboard settings screen again : scroll down to text correction section and tap add-on dictionaries . on add-on dictionaries screen , scroll down and tap polski ( which it should say it is available ) . now it should appear a button to install this dictionary : tap it and wait until it is installed . now , the install button will be replaced for a delete button , and the dictionary status will say installed . exit settings screens . now you can use the polish spell checker in the phone . just toggle the language by tapping the globe key to the left of spacebar in google keyboard until it says polski and you will be ready to use it .
install a vnc server on the phone through adb and then you can connect to it .
if you go into the settings of the stock mms app , there is a setting to have the enter key instead of the smiley key
i have a custom ( baked ) jelly bean 4.2.2 rom on a htc one s and swype 1.4 installed . i was ready to go on a shooting spree when i thought i could not hit a return button to start a new line ! i opened a sms thread , tapped menu > settings and scrolled all the way down . there is an option at the bottom called soft keyboard type . open that and you get -- &lt ; > smiley key &lt ; > send &lt ; > enter for a new line select the bottom one and you are golden ! this setting will change it for both the stock android keyboard and swype . cheers !
ok , so after looking into this a bit more i managed to get somewhere . i pulled the mms . apk file from /system/app and decompiled it with apk multi-tool . then i started editing the file /res/layout/compose_message_activity.xml . it has an tag towards the bottom of the file . i removed textShortMessage from android:inputType on this line . this means : android:inputType="textCapSentences|textAutoCorrect|textMultiLine|textShortMessage"  becomes android:inputType="textCapSentences|textAutoCorrect|textMultiLine"  this worked for me in that the smiley key is replaced with the enter key after recompiling , signing and pushing back to my phone . my problem is that the enter key sends the message rather than inserting a new line . after more googling i came across this thread on xda . this mms . apk works exactly how i want it to - no smiley key and the enter key adds a new line . it is also black themed which i prefer for my screen . i decompiled the newly found black mms . apk file from xda to try and find what they guy did to make the enter button actually add a new line , but i can not see what is different . i would still like to know how to do this if anybody knows - this was my first time playing with a decompiled apk so i do not really know what i am doing . for now though i am quite happy with my new black themed mms . apk app .
yes and it is called xposed additions - available as a free or paid version on the play store . i use it to disable the power button wake on my galaxy s4 and replace it with the " media play/pause " function and it works flawlessly .
here is miui rom for micromax a60 please read install instructions carefully in this thread . if you want to stock rom then its here
you can use the itravelfree app to save wikitravel pages and view them offline .
thanks for suggesting itravelfree , that is my first choice . i stumbled upon a lower tech solution that might appeal some people : oxygen guide which is a free mobile friendly dump of the wikitravel website .
you can spell out words with the voice input , but it puts spaces between each letter . i can not see there being a feature to support this as saying your password out loud would defeat the point of having a password . now if you follow the " pass-phrase " model , where your password is something like " i walk on the beach to relax " , then it may work . but again , i do not think it would be a good idea to say your password out loud anyway .
neither of these answers worked for me when this happened to my friends phone . usb debugging was never turned on because she had no need for it . the screen however was completely busted after being dropped face down on the sidewalk . the only way that i could find to clear her data was to connect the galaxy note 2 to my ubuntu box and delete all the directories except for " android " and the " device_id . txt " file . i hope this helps someone else .
if you have the android sdk installed on your computer ( otherwise , see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , you can use the fastboot utility for that – provided usb debugging was activated on the device ( which might be the default in recovery mode ) : fastboot erase data fastboot erase cache  these two commands should erase everything from the /data ( user-apps and data ) plus /cache ( app cache ) partitions . so then you only had to take care for information stored on the sdcard ( s ) , which you could erase e.g. via ums/mtp ( concerning the internal sd ) . there might be ways to do this via fastboot as well . take care to not erase things like system or recovery , as that would render the android system unusable – which is not what you want . entering the fastboot command without parameters lists up what you can do with this utility ( syntax etc . ) . for more details , you might want to watch some introductionary video : fastboot clean erase tutorial : that describes a complete erase of the device , followed by a re-flash .
hold volume up + home + power key wait for 3 mins press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 6 times press power key that will do a hard reset .
hold volume up + home then power key wait for 3 seconds release buttons press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 7 times press power key that will do a hard reset . wait 60 seconds . hit power again and it will reboot the phone .
you need to root your phone and remove or " freeze " everything related to ota and knox . once done , you can remove the all avc audit file ( s ) in the directory : /data/misc/audit/ . you may also need to put seandroid into permissive mode with : su 0 setenforce 0 , but this only lasts until next reboot .
bluetooth profile widget may help you . it allows you to set the profile for your headset to , well , in this case , headset , so that the tablet will treat it as such . note : certain headsets do not handle all audio ( music/video players ) only phone audio , which would not apply to a tablet ( obviously :p ) . there are settings in this app to force all audio , including music and such , out the headset if it does not work with the default profile .
enable the ethernet port and then use setprop command to enable dhcp . then start dhcp client .
saw this on sdx developers forum . you might want to try it out =============================================================== http://forum.sdx-developers.com/android-1-5/htc-hero-virtual-keyboard-on-moment/ this is a quick guide on how to get the htc hero vk onto your moment . ( 1 ) you will need to go onto the android market and download an app installer . ' appmanager ' should work . ( 2 ) download the htc virtual keyboard apk ( 3 ) connect phone to computer , mount the phone , then move file onto a folder on the sdcard . unmount . ( 4 ) open appmanager -> press ' menu ' key -> select ' install from sd ' . there you can install the . apk file . if the file is not visible , press menu again , and select ' whole sd ' so that you can see the file . ( 5 ) go to your home -> go to ' settings ' -> ' locale and text ' . select ' touch input ' . ( 6 ) go to someplace where you input text , such as messaging . long-press on the text input field , and select ' input method ' . select ' touch input ' . if you would like to calibrate the htc vk , download this file : calibration apk ( 1 ) follow steps 3 and 4 above . ( 2 ) to calibrate : go to ' settings ' -> ' locale and text ' -> ' touch input ' settings -> ' text input ' -> select ' calibration tool ' thanks to bjb_nyj101 for locating the htc vk ; and hokansoc for locating the calibration tool . also note : the calibration tool is not necessary for it to work , so you should be ok even if you can not get it to install . =============================================================
unfortunately i am pretty sure this is not possible . how long have you had your phone ? if it is still under warranty/insured , you should be able to get it replaced and can make sure that the new one has a good screen . sounds like a hardware problem to me .
as suggested here : go to the phone application on your phone and enter the following : *#*#2663#*#*  it will take you to the touch screen version screen . click on the " touch key fw update " button on that screen .
go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
may i ask which version of swype beta are you using ? for my version 1.0.3.5809 , the official documents said : to switch languages from the keyboard : press and hold the space bar select your desired language from the pop-up menu
in my version i simply swype from the swype key to the space bar .
you can not , unless the particular app provides a way . the android os does not manage or keep track of where apps decide to write on the sd card .
stock samsung software always mounts the sd card after the system is up , at least on my vibrant , so i would expect there is not too much you can do about that without hacking the startup scripts ( presumably difficult ) . as for the second problem , the market description says : " it can break some apps if they are not meant to be moved to the sd card ( such as widgets ) . " try moving any widgets back to your phone storage .
i have htc desire and faced similar problem having to quick reboot . i emailed the developer for which he said : some roms like new samsung gb roms do not have install-recovery . sh and init . d scripts to mount 2nd partition at boot . therefore link2sd mounts the 2nd partition after system finishes mounting and you need to perform " quick reboot " in order to see linked apps . .
in android development there are different logging levels . for example , there is Log.v for verbose , Log.e for level error , Log.w for level warn . all these are visible in logcat during development . then there is Log.wtf which is like Log.e except it has level assert which may actually terminate the program depending on the system . ideally , this should never happen in your app . sidenote : wtf stands for " what a terrible failure " . android docs on this : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/util/log.html
unfortunately , offline voice recognition is only available for devices running android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) and above - anything below that will not receive support . there is , however , another hidden requirement - your device must have a sufficient amount of ram in order to be able to download the offline voice recognition files from google . my incredible s is running 4.2.2 and with 572 mbs of ram i do not see the option . should you receive an upgrade to 4.1+ ( by root or other means ) , you may go to Language and Input in settings and select Download offline speech recognition under Voice Search .
the problem with doing this is that the system holds your contacts and so any apps that reads you contacts will get the same contacts . this app is not directly what you want but may help ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=contacts.privatecontacts
yes , you can open a browser from the command-line using adb . here is an example from so : stackexchange-url
it seems that , like on the atrix , /mnt/sdcard is your internal storage , while /mnt/ext_card is your real sdcard . you can verify this if you check their seizes : you know the size of your sdcard , so you should be able to point that out . the internal will probably have a size which is not a multiple of 8 ( most likely , it will be 6 gb or the like ) . if you are unsure how to check this , you could e.g. use sandisk memory zone 1 or , even better , storage analyser 2 , which should make it easy to point out :
the x10 is distributed in two varieties for different regions of the world , and they are internally referred to as the x10a and the x10i by sony ericsson . strictly speaking , x10 is just a general term for the hardware of either of the x10 phones , so there is no " difference " since an x10a is an x10 . as for the difference between the x10a and the x10i , you can find a good explanation on the wikipedia page . essentially , the x10a is sold in south america and the x10i is sold in asia and europe . both phones are sold in the us and australia , but on different carriers . for instance , in the us , at and t carries the x10a and t-mobile carries the x10i . because they are targeted at different regions/carriers , they support slightly different frequency bands . the rest of the hardware is the same .
using adb , you can use adb pull to take any file you want from your phone , event if it is protected and locked ( i tried on 4.1.2 , do not know if it works on more up to date versions ) . only the /data folder needs root privileges to be read and it is where your contacts are stored . if you have root privileges , you can look at this answer to know where you can find them . note that you have to enable usb debugging before trying these steps .
why is there no " forgot pin " or a mail recovery option there ? : ( see if this app is compatible and use it : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.thomascannon.screenlockbypass.pro if you have your contacts synced on your google account , they will automatically get restored . this might help you get the data back : http://www.vogella.com/tutorials/androidcommandline/article.html#adb_copy
that simply is absurd . you will have to lock your screen ( device lockscreen ) to prevent anyone from accessing your phone 's system controls . you simply cannot or would not want to lock the " notifications " while using your device .
you can create a screen shortcut for " home " or any location you use often . long-press on the home screen , select the shortcuts option , and scroll down to get a directions option . you will be prompted for an address , which can be either specific or general . choose car , public transit , or walking directions , ensure " turn-by-turn navigation " is checked , and give it a short name , like " home " . now you have a shortcut which will quickly get the directions you want from wherever you are . you can also " star " locations on the map that you use often . you can also use contacts to quickly get addresses for navigation . were you to have a " home " entry in your contact list , you could simply use the voice command " navigate to home " .
normally you should just be able to do : menu-> settings-> applications-> manage applications select the at and t messenger app . then scroll down in the app settings and there is a button labelled ' clear defaults ' . clicking this will clear any launch by default settings . next time you click the text icon on a contact it will ask you what app you want to use . however maybe at and t have hacked the phone to prevent this .
i have been using picsay ' s free version and been happy with it . i will probably upgrade to the full version which has the ability to sharpen , but just have not really had the need yet so i have been putting it off . i will report back if i do chip down . another alternative would be to use pixlr 's web based editor : http://pixlr.com/editor provided you have flash installed you can use their browser based editor that does have an " unsharp mask " filter .
have you tried using camera 360 . it is a great all in one app and it makes most photos extremely clear . try it . it has a free trial so you can try it before . : )
i like using adobe photoshop express because it makes photos look sharper and a whole list of other things too . i am no photographer , and this app makes my pictures look professional .
busybox is a single utility that contains the functionality of many of the basic unix tools . it is used on most embedded-linux systems instead of having separate executables for each utility , which wastes space owing to code duplication . there are several busybox installers available on google play , and one on f-droid . custom roms often have busybox built-in . in addition , grep and cat ( and a few more ) are already built into android . android has its own busybox-like called toolbox , but it is a lot smaller ( i.e. . more limited ) than the full busybox . you can access toolbox commands ( or busybox commands once you have installed it ) from a terminal emulator , in just the same way as any unix system .
the popup you are referring to exists as to alert the device user that the cellular service as become unavailable . if you wish to stick to a specific network , there is nothing you can do . options for mobile networks are located at : Settings \u2192 Wireless &amp; networks \u2192 Mobile Networks  and there is no option to prevent the system from warning you about the lost of network connectivity . from the above location , under " network operators " , you have an option " select automatically " , that will allow your device to select another network without disturbing you . but by your question contents , you do not want this .
google maps navigation is currently available in the united states , canada , uk , ireland , austria , belgium , denmark , france , germany , italy , the netherlands , portugal , spain , and switzerland .
i have an unbranded german htc desire . it has google navigation installed by default ( iirc , it came with the froyo upgrade -- i do not remember seeing it in the preinstalled android 2.1 . ) .
i had a chronic performance ( response ) problem with my phone . i suspected widgets as culprits and removed 5 widgets . after this , it works fast . so i would say/conclude that widgets hurt performance .
i share my experience and knowledge as an android developer : most widgets do not consume ( or use just a bit ) processor power when they are not visible , but some would consume even if your screen is off and phone is locked . it is based on what task the widget is considered to do , and how developer has written and optimized the code . as a general rule : more widgets would slow down your launcher ( desktop ) because your phone has to render ui of the widget every time it is shown to you . as i see , your phone is a low-end one and surely , it shows some lag when you add more widgets , but keep in mind that smartphones are made to do tasks , not to just scroll fast and be lag-free . so , if you really use those widgets , keep using them ! and one more thing , if your phone is running on android ics 4.0 or newer , you would not need any task manager or task killer . android itself best manages tasks and you should not worry about background tasks , as long as you have not installed any malicious app . killing background apps never improves speed on your phone or battery life .
the openvpn settings app allows using a plain openvpn binary and tap . that will work up to 4.3 . be warned however routing is done very different in android 4.4 and plain openvpn might break . implementing a tap style api that is similar to the tun vpnservice api is certainly possible but of limited use since you could only use it in custom roms . writing a tap on tun emulator is probably the right approach ( see also faq of openvpn for android )
solved . . . . select clear flash option , it will restart phone and menu will be displayed at startup .
have you tried with google maps engine ?
you can use a file manager app to access the files in your sd card . there are many good ones out there . androzip and astro file manager are some of the bests . if you want to copy files into your pc , use a usb cable and connect your phone . if you want you can use an app like wifi file transfer to transfer files using wifi .
the default location is already on your external sd card in the /bluetooth folder . it is not possible to configure it up to android 4.1 jelly bean : with the included stock bluetooth receiver you cannot change the location as of now , because it is hard coded . you need a 3rd party app like bluetooth file transfer which might be configurable here . in . /packages/apps/bluetooth/src/com/android/bluetooth/opp/ you can see it . constants . java defines this : public static final String DEFAULT_STORE_SUBDIR = "/bluetooth";  bluetoothoppreceivefileinfo . java has no switch for the location :
after seeing onik 's reply i tried the screenshot feature on my phone . on my nexus s , upgraded to ics 4.0.4 , i have to press the power + vol - buttons simultaneously . anything else gives me a volume-down or power-off situation .
the power + vol- combo is not instant , you have to hold it for a couple of seconds . and , as you noted , press the power button first or you will get the volume control and power off your phone .
on Contacts tab of stock contacts app , hit Options button . then , choose more ~> Display Options . on this screen , un-check Only contacts with phone numbers . then , check all accounts whose contacts you want to delete ( like facebook , all gmail groups ) . and , un-check all accounts whose contacts you do not want to delete ( like phone , sim ) . tap Save button after you finished checking and un-checking . on Contacts tab , hit Options button again . choose Delete this time . on next screen , tap Select all and then Delete button . done ! after this , again go to display options to display your contacts which were not deleted .
browsing around forums and sites i found out the following answers to my doubts . i am not completely satisfied but it helped understand more . every device 's power management depends on some suspend/resume policies that are implemented in the firmware controlling that particular device . this is very device dependent : how and when each device turns off ( suspends itself ) and wakes up ( resumes ) depends on the hw specifications , you have to read the datasheets to understand which particular registries must be manipulated to suspend/resume it . you can control this stuff via software in the drivers of the devices , inside of the kernel 's source code , by accessing some funcions in the form &lt;something&gt;_suspend and &lt;something&gt;_resume . e.g. from the source code of the kernel of the emulator " goldfish": in file drivers/video/goldfishfb.c ( the driver responsible for the frame buffer ) so the early_suspend writes a 1 in the register FB_SET_BLANK to turn off the screen , or a 0 to turn it back on . so it seems to me that a process in the application execution environment needs to access and corrupt the devices drivers to manipulate maliciously power management of a device .
power management is determined by governors which set the cpu clock speed according to use . each clock speed operates at a certain voltage and a lower voltage means less power . if you have root access you can change the governor and the allowed cpu clock speeds . also there is sleep state into which the cpu will enter when the screen is off and nothing is working in the background . there are probably battery-charging functions that can not be messed with , but everything else can be changed even the cpu and dsp voltages .
there are a few points to note on this . not all of them will help you on your issue , but at least explain things or point you to helpful information : some devs explain in their apps ' descriptions what they need those permissions for , others do so at least on the corresponding web sites ( e . g . in the faq ) . if they missed that , contact them and ask to have that gap filled . phone id + internet is required by most ad modules . to avoid that , check for payed versions . android apps are not really expensive , and of course devs like to be compensated for their work . the average price of 1 buck should be worth it . no real issue with the accounts stuff . for explanations , please take a look at what can an app do with the “use accounts on the device” permission ? what does permission “manage_accounts” mean ? i agree that a game rarely has a good reason to access your contacts , calendar , call lists , browser history , and bookmarks . my guess in those cases is , that in ~80% the dev simply made a " bad decision " concerning the ad module chosen ( there are some really bordering spyware ) . again , contact the dev and ask . according to a study i read a while ago , about 60% of the devs are not even aware of that issue ; being approached , they were open for alternatives ( unfortunately i do not remember the source currently ) . i also agree concerning phone calls , and even sms . they might be used for in-app purchases , but i do not think this is a good practice . further good sources can be found in our permissions tag-wiki .
unfortunately google play web app does not allow you to the following things : update your current apps ( it can only be done from your devices ) see a list of apps install in a specific devices ( it only tallies all of the apps you ever downloaded into one list ) remove any devices which were previously added to your google account hopefully we can raise awareness through this question so that google finds that enough people will like a lot more functionality from the web app . it is sometimes very functional specially if you work in a computer all day .
the app has multiple input modes . in the default , tapping the display moves and clicks the mouse . in another mode , the display acts like a trackpad , so dragging along the screen causes the mouse to move accordingly on the remote system . see the " input modes " sections of the documentation for details . you can change the input mode from the app menu without disconnecting .
you should not need to clear the defaults of any application . if you install a new application that handles an intent for which you have already set a default , android will " clear " that default so that the next time you fire the intent ( e . g . , dialing the phone ) you will be prompted with the " choose an app to perform this action " menu . it sounds to me like the app you have installed does not handle that intent , and that for you to use it you will need to explicitly launch the app .
assuming this is not a limitation of this espier app , and assuming you are stock , it may not be possible on a stock touchwiz rom , or at the very least it may be exceedingly difficult . i imagine this is what you are describing when you mention the selection you have , but click a phone number from , say , a google search result , and see if you have espier as an option there . even so , that will probably only " replace " the dialer in that it will load espier instead of the stock dialer when you click on phone numbers . incoming calls will likely still use the stock dialer . are you rooted ? it is theoretically possible to replace the various apks associated with the dialer and contacts in some cases , a good google will probably be necessary for that . it is potentially dangerous if you are unfamiliar with what you are doing , and at that point , you might as well flash a custom rom and be done with it imo .
i am sorry to make you guys take a big trouble to try to solve my problem , i have now sorted out this problem by downloading espier launcher 7 and now the dialer works as a plugin and all is set . thank you for your valuable and precious time , guys !
you can try wiping cache and dalvik before entering the safe mode . a similar problem is addressed on an xda thread here . if the above does not work , you can restore the previous backup ( hopefully a nandroid one ) . if that does not work , you can try flashing cm again . finally , if none of the above works , you can do a full data wipe and factory reset and flash + restore again . yet another approach is manually editing the developer options database via adb as discussed here . adb shell sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db delete from global where name="overlay_display_devices"; reboot  if the above does not work , then as said in above xda thread , delete the developer settings manually as follows ( all system specific settings will be reset ) , first mount /data in recovery : adb shell cd /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/ delete settings.db reboot  if nothing works , the problem could be something different than the secondary display .
i have found the culprit ! i went to settings > call > internet call settings and deleted the sip account i had once created and forgot . the phone kept reaching the sip server ( probably to check for incoming calls ) . i had to install a packet sniffer on the phone ( tpacketcapture ) to see where the requests where going and realize i had configured a sip account .
depending on what apps you have installed , apps like facebook , twitter , google+ and others will download data in the background to keep current when you open the app . with ics , you can disable background data usage for specific apps : ( click to enlarge ) this is visible in the system settings -> data usage . you should then see a list of apps that are using data . it will also show the highest usage app . clicking on the app brings you to a details screen that allows you to disable data usage or background usage .
have you looked at something like onavo count to monitor data usage ?
on my phone ( ics ) the apps seem to use less than 100% in total . these must be rounding errors : if you had three apps each using a third of the total , that would be 33.3 . . % for each one . android would round this to 33% , so the total would be 3*33%=99% .
this should get you started . please , carefully check your versions to make sure the files you use are intended for your phone .
no , you cannot natively override the magnetometer and accelerometer sensors . android does not have an api for this ( as opposed to gps ) , and faking these signals would require programming a custom driver or kernel . it is not a simple matter of getting root and changing a simple config file somewhere .
you can use adb to forward the tcp connection : adb forward tcp:8080 tcp:8080
you can not get there from here . as you found out , almost every oem requires images flashed via the stock firmware/recovery to be cryptographically signed by the oem to prevent tampering . considering that they are the only one that are going to have the private signing keys , you are not going to be able to make your own image . the most likely path to a working phone is to get an official image from the oem . for example , ruus for htc phones and odin images for samsung phones . these are generally available online ( in some cases , available from the oem or carrier themselves ) and have the advantage of being properly signed for flashing via either stock recovery or bootloader access . it may be possible to get an official image from the oem support as well . once you have a working device again , you can root ( or unlock the bootloader ) and flash your preferred recovery and restore the backup you do have .
most stock recovery modes require proper , officially signed update . zip files . there are ways to convert nandroid backups to update . zip files or even directly back them up as such but the hard part is actually signing the update file ( there are a handful of tutorials for doing these on the internet , and in part in the official android documentation ) . the signing requires official keys which can only be generated by the manufacturers . getting them is nigh impossible unless you have inside access or very very cooperative support .
no , the key parts of the rom would be the kernel and all the drivers for the hardware . the boot image is likely different too . these devices are not the same so you would end up , at the very least , " soft bricking " your device . even when a device is basically the same , take all of the galaxy s devices ( vibrant , captivate , facinate , epic , i9000 ) , all are basically the same device , but you cannot " cross flash " the roms between them . this is because the smallest change in hardware or boot image prevents this .
for doing the conversion on device itself , i would suggest searching the google play store for audio conversion apps . several results look like viable candidates : the file converter and convert audio , for example . the features to look for are downsampling , changing bitrate and frequency , conversion to more efficient formats like ogg , aic or flacc . i recommend trying each app yourself on one or two mp3 files to see if you get the results you want . play store 's 15-minute refund policy should give you enough time to figure out if the app is worth the price . with that said , i would highly recommend doing the conversion on your pc instead . first , by copying your mp3s from the phone to the pc you are making a backup . just in case something goes wrong during the conversion process , you will not lose the original file from your handset . second , there are a lot more choices in terms of software on windows/mac/linux for audio file manipulation ( especially the free and open-source variety , ) and may also be able to do this in batch ( i.e. . convert multiple files automatically . )
it is there all along ! open up the email app and press the menu button . go to view> folders you now need to tap the folder icon next to inbox and it will ' expand ' and display all the subfolders under it . this must be the icon and not the text . it wont work if you press the text so you must press the icon . i have to say this is pretty poor ui design , as it is not obvious to end users . i will try and add a screenshot when i next get the s3 .
afaik the default android launcher does not allow you to do this . however , there are some launchers available on play store which let you do this . regina 3d launcher is one of them . the other option i see is what you are already doing , using a live wallpaper like multipicture live wallpaper . ( i have mentioned some popular apps to do this , there are alternatives available , you can search on play store . )
if the answer to my comment is no , then update kies , and try again . if the answer to my comment is yes , then try the following : place your phone manually into download mode , and attempt the update again . kill all kies processes using the task manager , and then open the program again . ensure your usb cable and usb port are working properly ( sometimes a weak connection can cause issues ) erase all the data on your android ( do a factory reset ) and try again ( i put this last , as you lose all your data , so should only be tried after you have tried everything else you can think of ) .
does your device auto-mount its storage to the pc when connected ? on most devices you need to pull down the notification bar and click the usb notification to mount . you should dismount the same way , after dismounting in linux , before unplugging the device . and , how much free space do you have ?
if you are rooted , you can configure Firewall rules to block all except facebook , but i do not think your problem is that complex : when i open my 3g connection the mobile automatically connects to unknown servers . unable to understand what that mean as i can not open my 3g connection . seems to me , either you are talking about opening web browser or Background Data is screwing you . in the first case , make your homepage facebook . in the second case , turn off Background Data from Settings ~> Accounts and Sync . done ! if you want to do it with firewall way , open terminal emulator . switch to root by su command ( your device must be rooted for that ) . now , execute following commands in sequence : iptables -A OUTPUT -p tcp -d facebook.com -j ALLOW iptables -A OUTPUT -p tcp -d * -j DROP ( do it on your own risk after proper backups . some devices become unstable after it . )
did you try setting manually the ip+dns , instead of relying on dhcp , as it does by default ? Wireless and Networks -&gt; Wi-Fi settings -&gt; [menu] -&gt; Advanced -&gt; Use static IP
are you using ipv6 on your router ? there was a question here just the other day , that identified an issue with android resolving an ipv4 address when it has an ipv6 address . here is the post i am referring to . if you can , set your router to use ipv4 ( for now ) .
yes , there is a beta of the flash player available for download on android 2.2 . here are the details : http://www.intomobile.com/2010/05/20/android-2-2-flash-player-10-1-beta-available-for-download/
android 2.0 does not support adobe flash . adobe flash is only supported on android 2.2 , a.k. a " froyo " . however , check out this app : skyfire 2.0 for android . it is a browser , which is , by magic , able to play some embedded flash videos : supports flash web video with patent-pending adaptive streaming technology for smooth playback pinch to zoom ( on android 2.0 and above ) multi-tab browsing - open up to eight windows and browse simultaneously using visual tabs choose to load full desktop webpages or mobile optimized versions clear session history easily upon exit to maintain anonymous browsing disclaimer : i have no first hand experience with this app ( i already have android 2.2 on my nexus one ! ) . use at your own risk .
i have seen a few " flash lite " binaries floating around the net for android 2.0 . it is not flash , it is only a partial version with fewer features . unfortunately the only binary link i have is an update for the pandigital novel ; the update is probably specifically for that model , but the binary inside may work on other devices . ( if you want it , comment and i will update my answer . it is hosted on mediafire , not adobe 's website which means i am not sure how much i trust it . )
normally you should have to install the driver of the tablet to have adb working with it . on the opposite , mass storage usually work out-of-the-box because any pc recognize this standard . after some search on google i found some info that may work with your tablet here : http://www.slatedroid.com/topic/70585-adb-drivers/page_ p _805857
i do not think there is a way android will work on itunes natively . i would suggest look at media players that sync with the itunes program itself i have not tried this but http://www.winamp.com has this feature for a while and is free . its also mac http://www.winamp.com/mac os x 10.6 and above http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/sync-your-itunes-library-to-android-with-winamp/ the media you talked about that is streaming will hopefully be synced into winamp through playlists , however if this does not work that is a whole other question and may be different from stream to stream . http://www.clementine-player.org/ is a good free opensource alternative for windows etc that syncs with android players quitewell and has many streaming features built in . if your itunes is stuck on a powerpc you might not have a choice but to backup your itunes library and restore it to another computer . so on your itunes on your old powerpc backup the library to some removable media to restore on your windows itunes http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1382?viewlocale=en_us there are also other methods here http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4527 it all depends on your setup and needs .
doubletwist lets you sync your phone 's music library with your music on your computer from itunes ( and windows media player as well , i believe ) either by plugging it into your computer 's usb port , or by syncing wirelessly over-the-air ( though the wireless feature costs a little bit ) . you can find it at http://www.doubletwist.com/ and in the android market at https://market.android.com/details?id=com.doubletwist.androidplayer . another option is to sync your collection wirelessly using google music , though you can only stream your music using it , or download it and play it only using the music app ( cannot be played by other media players on your phone ) . google music is free ( for up to something like 20,000 songs ) and it backs up all your music that you have on your computer ( or that you purchase from the android market ) both to your phone and your computer .
you can synchronize with hotmail since hotmail supports exchange and you can use the outlook connector to connect outlook to hotmail .
you can try go contact sync , there are some mixed reviews on that site about it . on the other hand , i have read good things about gsyncit , but it is not free . it will sync calendars , contacts , tasks , and notes . these are not specific to android , as the information is actually syncing with google contacts , not your device .
it sounds like you are happy using google/gmail as an intermediary for the sync , if you have already tried google calendar sync , if so then there are a few options . it sounds unlikely from your question , but if you are part of an organisation that is given you a paid-for google apps account then google apps sync is available for you . this syncs an outlook calendar , contacts and mail with a google apps gmail account , and from there you can easily sync with your phone . unfortunately this is not available for standard gmail/google accounts , or for free google apps accounts . other , third party , options to sync outlook with a gmail account are go contact sync ( free ) , companionlink ( paid app ) or goosync ( subscription service with free trial ) .
i use myphoneexplorer on windows7 to sync outlook 2010 with my android phone .
i have been using ‘blue syncroid’ to sync my contacts and calendars between outlook and android via bluetooth . used to forget my usb cable and unwilling to share my personal information ( contacts and calendars ) on the cloud to sync my info . pretty satisfied with the solution . simple and user friendly . they also have a trial version launched . highly recommended . visit http://www.bluesyncroid.com for more details . thumbs up !
in mounts and storage , mount /system .
you need to find a wifi dongle with a chipset the device supports . each chipset requires different drivers , so you will have to find one that is supported . there a discussion thread on the site you linked to about exactly this .
data files are usually kept in either /data/data/ [ packagename ] / or they could be stored on the sdcard . [ packagename ] will be something like com . fitnesskeeper . runkeeper . pro . the data file your looking for will probably be in that directory ( well , one of the sub-directories any how ) . as for if they store the data on the sdcard , most developers do not follow the recommendations to store the data in /sdcard/android/ so if they are on the sdcard , i could not tell you where to even look . i would suggest , after you look in /data/data , to look for the [ packagename ] some where on the sdcard , or look for something with runkeeper in the name .
our vnc server , vmlite vnc server , does not need uinput . ko at all , and works on all android devices , rooted or not . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en
this applies to music , but seems it also might generally apply to all google accounts regardless if they use google music or not . any user can associate up to 10 devices to his or her account . . . . we limit the number of times you can swap out new devices at the request of some of our music partners in an effort to limit abuse . but you may also run into an issue if there is a credit card associated with the account used to purchase apps - any student could purchase whatever from the market . if you are serious about doing this , and you did not make it very clear what you are actually wanting , you might want to consider contact a device manufacturer and setup a contract to create tablets specifically for your needs .
elefantphace provided an answer for music . here 's for books : you can access your books on different devices , including compatible android devices , ipads , iphones and ipod touches , or on the web on your computer . no matter where you read your books , when you are connected to a network ( via wi-fi or a data connection on your device ) we will automatically keep track of your reading place , so you can pick up right where you were last reading the next time you open your ebooks note : in rare occasions when a user tries to access books on a number of devices at the same time , our system may temporarily block them from opening new reading sessions . this can happen when too many readers are open on different machines or browsers . if your other reading sessions are closed or inactive , you will be able to read in this browser after a short delay . if you believe this is an error please contact our support team .
the limit is 10 devices , it is a known issue : https://support.google.com/googleplay/known-issues/1335215?hl=en
as for the app management , another approach would be using aptitude . unfortunately , the app is gone from the playstore , but the concept should still work : set up a central repository on a server , maintain all apps there , and have the clients on the devices configured to ( solely ) using this . as for paid apps , it would surely be possible to find an agreement with the devs . for details , also see the aptoide article on wikipedia : aptoide is an android ( operating system ) distributed marketplace for android applications driven by the community . in aptoide , there is not a unique and centralized store but each user manages their own store . further links : aptoide installer aptoide server apktor ( an aptoide fork ) aptoide specifications ( pdf ) f-droid is also using the same format ( and thus compatible ) bazaar uses an aptoide client there were also scripts somewhere to maintain your own repo ( on your own server ) , i just cannot find them currently .
in facebook , you can change the notification sound from facebook > menu > settings > notification ringtone . i assume it would be the same for messenger , never used it though
no , there does not seem to be any configuration to remove the digit grouping on the stock calculator app . if you are not particular about using that very app , you can try out some free calculator apps from the market . i tried realcalc scientific calculator , and it is got an option in its settings to remove digit grouping .
i use go launcher pro . there in the running tab it shows clock . may be he stock launcher application hides running system processes from showing .
there already is a guide for install on the cyanogenmod forums and a main page for the device which contains download links and other general info .
this is definitely an ugly mixup , as shown in the update on verge . just a russian app with the same system id as samsung 's app . . . so no need for hysteria , not everything in russian spells a nuclear threat ; ) .
ive read a few things online this morning about the mtc app being malware or a virus , it does not show in your apps list however it was said that if it is a virus it might be piggy backing off something else installed on the phone , i had it come up on my phone but not sure how to remove it yet
i did some searching due to the other answer and found someone on xda claiming that this is a market/play bug , and you are seeing it because the market thinks one of your apps is actually that ojsc mobile app . even better , i found this just-published story on the verge : samsung has several pieces of software that it installs on it devices but that are not in the google play store ( for obvious reasons ) . however , every single android app has an app name that identifies it on the android system , in this case the " unique " name is com . seven . z7 , which identifies samsung 's email app . what appears to have happened is that russian developer ojsc mobile telesystems gave that unique identifier to its "мтс мобильная почта" app , and so these samsung devices were tricked into thinking it was an update to samsung 's email client . since google play allows for automatic updating of all apps , it was installed on many devices . i could not find the app in the play store anymore , so perhaps google has taken it down to resolve this . below is the original version of this post , which would still be applicable in more normal circumstances . if it is a system app for supporting cyrillic text , which is what it sounds like , it could hardly be called malware . crapware , perhaps , if you do not need it . if you do not need it , then no need to update ( unless you want to be rid of the notification , though in that case i recommend rooting and removing the app ) . no reason not to update either i would say &mdash ; you already have it on your device , so unless it is doing something nasty in the new version in particular then you have already been exposed to any dangers it may contain :p . of course , updating will require more space on your device unless you are rooted and can entirely replace the original version with the update ( normally the system keeps all original versions of system apps ) .
from what i have read on xda-developers , it seems to be a russian telefoon company who pushed a update wrongfully to all ( or a big group of ) samsung s2 users . since the update isnt made for phones made cyrillic text , it could cause your phone to crash . so dont install it unless your absolutely sure you need it .
i found a fix . . . this is a piggy-back app attached via a file . go to your phone files , view your files as " list and details . " you should now see the date/times each file was created . delete all files two days before and after when you first noticed the mtc app requesting update . reboot phone and it will be gone from your market . i did this four days ago and so far no mtc app . i never choose auto update for any app due to this reason . hope this helps and good luck .
[ phone needs to be rooted ] in case you are interested in an app solution , try xposed installer and app settings . what is xposed installer ? xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . that is great because it means that modules can work for different versions and even roms without any changes ( as long as the original code was not changed too much ) . it is also easy to undo . as all changes are done in the memory , you just need to deactivate the module and reboot to get your original system back . there are many other advantages , but here is just one more : multiple modules can do changes to the same part of the system or app . with modified apks , you to decide for one . no way to combine them , unless the author builds multiple apks with different combinations . what are some of the things that app settings can change ? dpi : changes the dpi used by this app both when loading resources ( some might be dpi-specific ) and also when rendering them . font scale : scales the font up or down , similarly to the system-wide " font size " setting .
it looks like an update to acal has resolved my issues . so i still do not know how to troubleshoot , but it is working .
i am having similar issues on a kindle fire with icloud . one quirky workaround is to open settings | servers and disable your server ( s ) . then re-enable them . that seems to force an update . edit : a ) not sure about all calendars . b ) right , it is a workaround , not a fix . but it address your questions : " i can not figure out how much of this is acal , " likely most of it , acal being the one common element in both our observations . "*how much is my phone , *" less likely , for the same reason . "*and how much is bad data from my caldav server ( chandler hub ) *" ditto .
i would assume less , as all formatting is built into the app , while using the web browser you would need to download the ' whole ' page including gmails ui etc
the app definitely uses less data than a browser , because it only loads the email 's contents , while the website loads a lot of stuff along with it . the app needs to download just the gmail content and some information about it ( sender , cc etc . ) . if you are worried about data limits , then go for the app . it is both faster and uses less data .
as far as i know the data consumption of gmail app will be less than that of browser . because all the styling info are built into the app itself , it only need to get the raw text data , which may be in the form of json or xml . but in case of browser it has to download styling info such as css and client side scripts such as javascript along with email content .
i have the same experience with wifi , i find leaving it on is much more convenient ( your phone will prioritize wifi over 3/4g , resulting in faster speeds and lower bills ) , and power consumption is negligible . the only time when turning off wifi conserve me some serious battery is back from my days with a sony p990i , which runs uiq3 . ah , old times . . .
if the issue is truly with messages showing as unread , you can try out this app . i had an issue last year where there was one message somewhere that was showing as unread , but i could not find it at all . it is slow to run , but it eventually marks them all as read ( or in my case just the one ) .
in the menu go to " contacts to display " then in " customized list " under gmail account deselect other groups . also you can select " only contacts with phones " in options .
launch the contacts app , click groups , select my contacts , then complete your search .
on my phone ( moto x ) i had to go to the people app , touch the three dot icon , and touch " contacts to display " option . then select the " back up assistant " option instead of any other option in order to only display those contacts that are stored on my phone .
go to google.com/contacts and group all your contacts . on the phone , use contacts to display and choose the group you wanted to display .
user3262360 , try the following : configure the avd to have 512k ram assign 8 gb to sd space . keep internal storage at 200mib . uncheck the box for gpu accelaration . start the avd and wait at least five minutes to give enough time for the new avd device to load and display the android unlock screen .
so i have managed to make it work by unchecking the option : " scale display to real size . " very strange . . .
as far as just showing bpm , poweramp does that quite nicely while the song is actually playing and in the info section . sorting is a different story ( though lots of other great sort options ) . and of course this is a paid app . now that you have mentioned it though , i might email the dev about it . neutron mp is also an interesting program that shows everything from bpm to sampling rate to crossfade sliders to a bunch of other advanced dj controls that you will probably never touch . it is slow as molasses though and while it is uber advanced , it is not particularly user-friendly . also i could find no sortation options at all . i tried ( unsuccessfully ) to find bpm info in the following music apps : 3 , winamp , boomboxoid , meridian , zimly , and mixzing . i also tried the tagging programs itag and pimp my music with no luck .
i can not say with perfect certainty , but i have not seen anything like this in any of the major music player apps , which all struggle each in their own way to provide any extra-functionality . however , winamp for android was just released and is supposed to be fairly feature rich . check there , maybe .
you could try droid dj . it says its got a beat countneed i do not think it'll sort by bpm but it may be worth a try if you do not find exactly what you need .
you could use droidwall for this if you are rooted . just deny all traffic and then allow traffic to your vpn ip/port . if you need to use a custom script see the man page of iptables for the syntax . here 's a quick , untested example . iptables -P FORWARD ACCEPT iptables -P INPUT DROP iptables -P OUTPUT DROP iptables -A OUTPUT -p udp --dport 1194 -d xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx -j ACCEPT 
remote wipe programs like plan b only work if your phone still has battery and still has a data connection through the internet to download the app , if you had pre-loaded a program like lookout then it would work without a data connection but would still need a phone network connection to receive an sms text message or something like that . if you have blocked your sim and/or blocked your imei then it is too late to use a remote wipe program as you do not have any way to get any kind of message to your phone any more , you need to do the wipe before getting anything blocked by your phone company . did you have any kind of unlock code ( pattern or number , or something like that ) ? if so that should stop the thief easily getting to any of the data on the phone itself , and if they enter the wrong code/pattern a number of times it totally locks the phone out , and you need to go online ( and log in with your google account ) to unlock it . they can apparently still get to data that is directly saved on your phone if they plug the phone into a pc that has the android developer tools on it and use the adb command , but even then some things like the central accounts database are encrypted to stop them getting your passwords . blocking the phone via imei will stop anyone else being able to use the phone on a phone network , it will not do any wiping or bricking at all . there is also your sd card , the thief can just pop that out of the phone and straight into a computer or another phone , nothing on there is protected , see this previous question for a discussion on what personally identifiable info might be on the sd card : is there any contact information on the sd card ?
if you have your sasmung account setup , you can track , lock and wipe your phone from the samsung website . this is the one : samsung phone locator but remember , this would need you to have setup the samsung account already .
you will need to download the app blueinput . bit of a pain but will allow you to use the keyboard .
you can use smart app protector or similar software . however i have not tested it personally . i use miui rom which have these functions built in .
if you update to the latest version of " google search " in the market , it includes a pencil icon next to each item in the search history , for this exact problem . tapping the pencil loads the search term into the search box , but does not initiate a search for it .
the anonym with the vague answer is correct , just not nearly complete . for keyboard-less phones ( like my n1 ) , the trackball or trackpad can be used to scroll down the list of suggestions , and that will enter them into the text field for editing . for most phones with a hardware keyboard like your droid , use the d-pad next to the keyboard to select the suggestion for editing ( some of them still retain a trackball or trackpad ) . once you have the correct entry in the search box , tap it to continue editing . btw , i just discovered this , and it is going to make my life a lot easier .
if your phone is rooted you can try volume+ .
yes , you can try an app like volume master free . there are quite a few that do this :- )
if you root your droid and install cyanogenmod there is something called dsp manager included which seems to do what you want .
dsp manager is by far the best option out there . or there is volume+ https://market.android.com/details?id=com.test.android.lvhhl=en
i am happy with smart keyboard .
i went for swiftkey . still waiting for czech language dictionary though :- )
you can install htc_ime modified http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=624416 and make a gesture for cycling between en / cz .
based on my experience , and a quick look at the ui , i do not think this is possible , even in the relatively new market that appeared on my froyo system this week . ( could not find a version number , but it is styled as big tiles on black background vs . the older white , game-console-ish look of before .
this is something i run into quite a bit . ( original droid . ) i do not think you are ever going to get around it short of a rooted solution . two things come to mind that , while not ideal , might help ameliorate the problem : set up auto-update for more apps . that way they will get updated when released and will stagger the updates so you do not have as many at once . there is a few developers i trust to not hose me with updates . google , for instance ; i have all of their apps set to auto-update . check the market more often for updates . in other words , do not wait until you get the notification that there are updates before you check . then it is less likely that there are a lot of app updates to do . there is also the obvious advice of removing apps so you have fewer to update . something else i often do when there are a lot of updates : first , i make sure i am on wifi . then i just go ahead and " update all " , knowing that one or two updates will fail due to lack of space . most will not , so once those complete , i just tap the notifications for the failures and re-attempt .
there are two fixes main to this problem that i know of . 1 ) the first is restarting the device . 2 ) the second is factory reset . ( if you choose this you may want to make sure you backup anything important . ) other fix : clear your device cache . ( sometimes this works , doing it differs from device to device . )
clear app cache/data the first thing you should try is clearing the cache for your camera app . in the phone settings , go to the applications manager and locate your camera app ( the same screen you would use to uninstall the app ) . if your camera app is built-in , you may have to navigate to a tab that shows all apps installed , not just ones installed by the user . there should be a button called clear cache . click this and then try opening the camera app . if it still crashes , go back to the same screen and click clear data . this will not delete your photos ; it will reset the camera app settings and return it to the initial state when it was first installed . use a different camera app try installing another camera app from the play market . there are plenty of free ones available . if those work , perhaps your camera app is simply buggy or does not work with your device . if other apps still can not access the camera , you may have a deeper problem . factory reset as a last resort , you can reset your device to factory settings . make sure you back up any important data to your computer or to an external sd card . re-flash rom if a factory reset does not do it , you will have to delve into deeper waters . look around on xda forums or other places on how to flash a rom to your device . replace hardware there is always the slight chance that your hardware is physically damaged . in that case , you will just need to replace it or live without a camera .
go into the device settings , then from my device , choose accessibility . from that menu , press talkback , then click the switch in the top-right corner to turn talkback off . after tapping something once to get the yellow box ( and the spoken description of what the thing is ) , double-tap anywhere on the screen to click the highlighted thing .
we will there is no fix for this . i have had my n7 for one month and it is doing the same thing described--if it is not plugged in it will not start up . so here is what i have experienced relative to this problem . first the n7 i just pulled out of the box did the same thing . so i brought it back to the store to exchange it and to be safe i tried the next three at the store and they all had the same problem . the fourth one worked for a month . now that it will not start up i called google they would help only if i bought it through the playstore . they passed me to asus who gave me only one option - return to have it repaired not replaced . i am very disappointed in google . they know they have a problem but do not want to say so in the public . very sad
follow these steps , if the icon in ( 3 ) has a line through it then it will not store your location in your images . open the menu choose settings tap the location icon
showing the same amount of content on a 4.6" screen would make it prohibitively small in most cases . you would not be able to read it , so putting that much content on the screen just does not make sense . resolution determines how many pixels you can display , but one pixel is not the same size on every screen . making content usable and readable requires you to use up more pixels on a smaller screen because they are more densely packed . for a good comparison , open a web page on a galaxy nexus and zoom all the way out . the same page viewed on a 14" ( or such ) monitor with similar resolution would be no problem , but the text is nearly indecipherable on your phone . from the standpoint of " how is this accomplished technically " - it largely depends on how an app is written . by default , android will simply scale the interface on to the larger screen , which may or may not cause more data to be visible ( consider a scrolling list , for example : more items would be visible on a larger screen ) . that is the most basic scenario . it is also possible , however , for a developer to define entirely different layouts based upon screen size or density . therefore , the layouts on a 7" device may be completely unrelated to the layouts on a 4" device or 10" device . this gives developers a lot of flexibility to create richer uis for tablets ( and other such devices ) while keeping the phone uis useable . this is covered in length on android 's developers site .
that is because the pixels per inch ( ppi ) is different between them . the higher the ppi , the higher the quality but at a cost of ( relative ) smaller screen size . so the nexus 7 has 216 pixels per inch while the galaxy nexus has 316 pixels per inch . the resolution is not everything , you also have to consider the density of the pixels . high ppi values have the advantage that it is hd but it also has a disadvantage which is a smaller screen size ( at a persistent resolution ) . you can read more about ppi here .
to understand why nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus , i will first explain two concepts : screen density and density-independent-pixel . but before we go into technical details , it may be worth to clarify the design goals of using density-independent-pixels . the goal is to define a ui that is similar in dimension across devices , regardless of the screen size . so in this case the appearance of the menus is the same in the galaxy nexus and the tablet ( side by side should look very similar ) , but , as one has a bigger screen , more content can be shown . the designer selects an appearance that looks good for a certain size ( a 160 dpi screen is the base ) and this is " simulated " in this case in devices with higher dpi . screen density commonly referred to as dpi ( dots per inch ) . android groups all actual screen densities into four generalized densities : low ( 120 ) , medium ( 160 ) , high ( 240 ) , and extra high ( 320 ) . a device such as galaxy nexus has " extra high " screen density ( more specifically , the dpi value is set at 320 ) . the nexus 7 uses " tvdpi " - i.e. 213 dpi . density independent pixel commonly referred to as dp . this is the virtual pixel unit used when displaying content . the density-independent pixel is equivalent to one physical pixel on a 160 dpi screen . to calculate dp use the following formula : px = dp * (dpi / 160)  or equivalently : dp = (px / dpi) * 160  the reason nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus despite having similar resolutions is this : the dpi of nexus 7 is lower than galaxy nexus . galaxy nexus ( 320 dpi , 720 pixels wide ) (720 / 320) * 160 = 360 dp  nexus 7 ( 213 dpi , 800 pixels wide ) (800 / 213) * 160 = 600 dp  this means that when apps are rendering on the galaxy nexus , the width of the screen is actually 360 dp ( rendered using 720 pixels ) . whereas on the nexus 7 , the width of the screen is 600 dp ( rendered using 800 pixels ) . bonus if your galaxy nexus is rooted , you can use an app such as lcd density modder and change the dpi of your device to 240 . what you will get is something a lot closer to nexus 7 in a smaller package . on the left is a screenshot of the device at 240 dpi . you will notice we can see a lot more content when the dpi is lower . nothing to do with ppi the other answers mention ppi . the amount of content displayed has nothing to do with the ppi of a device . though commonly , vendors select the dpi that is closest to the ppi of the device . ( e . g . galaxy nexus has a ppi of 316 , but a dpi of 320 , where as nexus 7 has a ppi of 216 , but uses a 213 dpi ) . further reading http://developer.android.com/guide/practices/screens_support.html
sorry for the stupid answer , but : the galaxy nexus makes everything bigger . for example , the small letter ' a ' can have a width of 30 pixels on the galaxy nexus , while it only has 20 pixels on the nexus 7 . this way , more letters can fit on the screen . the reason why they appear to be the same size ( e . g . 3mm if you put a ruler on the screen ) is , as the others said , pixel density . basically , pixels are bigger , physically , on the nexus 7 . the reason why the galaxy nexus makes everything bigger is so that you can actually use it without keeping it an inch from your face . if the letter ' a ' would have a width of 20 pixels , like on the nexus 7 , it would be too small to read comfortably ( because pixels are much smaller ) .
looks like it is possible . have not done it myself , but this looks promising . it indicates that you need to be rooted and already have koush’s droid x bootstrap recovery installed , but from there it looks like a matter of simply applying the rom . zip file from recovery .
i ended up figuring it out , but it took a lot of research and time . here 's what i did , probably not exactly like this since it took me a few tries to get right : root your phone . download the koush bootstrapper/loader and install it onto your phone , via their site or the android market . go to team defuse 's website to download the fission 2.2 zip file . put this on your sd card somewhere . boot into koush , apply the bootloader patch , and then reboot into the bootloader . clear cache/data , mount /data and /system , clear cache/data again , install update , select zip file on sd card , once that is done , clear cache/data again , and then reboot . you should then boot into a fresh install of " vanilla " froyo android . no apps . no settings . and best of all , no motoblur ! . . . i think i got all that right . if i missed something , let me know .
you might just use the audio jack . i know this works with headphones when making calls , maybe it would work with playing the audio through speakers too ?
for the " minimal bluetooth device " -- it sounds like your minimum is streaming bluetooth audio ( calls and media ) to the stereo . for that , i have found the motorola t505 to work well with android . it pairs via bluetooth to your phone and has a built in fm transmitter to send audio to your stereo . it handled music and calls very well on my samsung vibrant with 2.1 and 2.2 so your evo should be fine . as far as redundant features -- only that it also functions as a standalone speakerphone , which i considered more a perk than problem .
check that the device supports a2dp and avrcp . you will find many handsfree kits that connect to your stereo support those ( it is what i use ) - check out parrot 's range for examples . then you can use a separate mount and charger so that when you replace your phone you do not have to replace everything .
flash the nf2 modem , i had the exact same use with no imei / baseband http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2649176 cp_n9005xxufnf2 . tar . md5 is the file you want
you can try some dedicated apps for this such as : easyshare - adds all sorts of sharing options picasa tool pro - tool for managing your picasa account from the phone .
found the problem . it is not that picasa was not there as a share option , but rather it was not visible . there were too many items installed that offer this intent , and the gallery application does not have a scrollable menu . this is apparently a known bug and it is been there for quite a while so it does not look like it is going to get fixed either . i now use a different application for sharing to picasa .
you probably need to use some sort of 3rd party program like tasker , locale or automateit . these programs allow you to set triggers such as : starting an app screen on/off connected to wi-fi location etc . . . and perform actions based on that , such as : toggle data toggle gps run an app etc . . .
adb kill-server you need to run that from wherever you installed the android tools .
here is a program that will supposedly do it . http://androidforums.com/optimus-gt540-all-things-root/436600-easily-resize-system-data-partitions.html i do not know about system partitions on android phones but normally partitions can be resized but it means that you lose everything that partition contains . if the partition contains the os it would mean that after resizing the partition your phone would not turn on . if you are not willing to take the risk i suggest finding a source that says that will not happen . else i suggest looking at the rom apps in the play store ( there are many good ones and they can probably do what you want ) . also how much internal space you have on your phone ? is the system partition the only internal partition ? you can also partition your sd card which makes it work more efficiently . so your phone works faster but you have to do it with a new sd card because you lose everything when you partition it if there is not enough internal storage on your phone that possibly might be something to look into as a solution but i do not think placing a whole os on sd is possible because it would be just too slow , so unless the os has some files it can read from the sd card and you can place them there manually specifying the path , you are out of luck . that is why i ask how much internal space your device has .
this will not change the partition size of /system , but uses another approach : limit the data placed on that partition . so here 's what i did before flashing cm7.2 on my milestone²: download the file to flash . this is usually a .zip file ( otherwise , the following will not work ) open the .zip with your favorite archive manager ( alternatively : unpack to an empty folder ) look inside the /system/app folder of the .zip and remove apps you can live without ( make sure not to remove any app that is really needed by the system , like e.g. the launcher ) . this could e.g. be the calculator , livewallpapers , googleplus etc . copy those .apk files to a separate folder outside the .zip if unpacked to an empty folder , now zip it up again as you removed a lot/couple of apps from /system , flashing will require less space there , and no essential parts should be missing any longer . now if you still want to use e.g. googleplus , you can install it via the playstore ( which should place it below /data , so no prob ) or , if not found there , use the copy created in step 3 to install it manually ( for this , make sure install from other sources is enabled in your settings ) . if in doubt whether a file is really needed by the system itself , better leave it ( or at least ask first ) . but i am pretty sure you will find enough " easy removables " , so you will not need to touch those . before flashing , you could unpack the .zip to an empty folder and check the size of /system ( best : make a " before " and an " after " check ) . it should occupy less than 190mb ( better give it some additional safety margin , say " less than 180mb" ) for your action to complete successfully .
who or how it was fixed as 190mb ? the manufacturers decided that . they probably expected that that size would be sufficient during the expected time they will continue official support for the phone . can the size of partition be increased ? if you are rooted and installed custom boot loader , yes partitions can be resized , although not in a way that will satisfy everyone since it takes space away from internal memory and many people also have exhausted their internal space ; it involves a lot of work to test and debug and since p500 has very little internal memory as well , at some point developers had to decide that it is just not worth the effort . i tried a tool but did not help . after all the process completed without any errors , i still see no change in the size . are there any other ways to do it ? what did you try ? hephappy , a rom developer had commented in xda page as " no space : p500 has 190mb for system partition . " and hence he withdraws the plan of developing jb rom for p500 . is it then a hardware limitation ? pretty much . all newer phones comes with much larger internal memory , you should consider an upgrade if you really wanted jb .
i am doing this through goomanager . first of all , you are rooted right ? also , this might seem obvious but i am going to suggest it anyway : have you tried installing it through cwm recovery ? that seems to be the normal way to install/wipe roms , so i would try that first . see howto : using the recovery . also , your rom installation zip might be corrupt . double check the md5 sum on it , if it does not match , try redownloading it . try another rom , might be a corrupt version of the rom ( if it is a nightly for example ) . if you have any questions or additional details , comment and i will update this answer .
you have two options i know of to ' de-orange ' the san francisco . you can use something like titanium backup ( requires root ) to remove the orange apps , or install a custom rom . on my san francisco i rooted the phone ( see first part of this video , full details and file downloads here , or alternatively you could use super one click ) and then used titanium backup to uninstall the orange apps ( list in this thread ) . if in doubt , tb lets you ' freeze ' apps so you can make sure everything still works before uninstalling fully . alternatively , you can install a custom rom ( see full video ) which i have not done yet ( waiting to see if froyo rom becomes available ) .
there is a full on guide to installing android 2.2 here orangesanfrancisco . co . uk
gmote will let you control your computer over wifi via your android phone . it basically treats it like a keyboard/mouse .
yahoos settings for android : Yahoo Incoming Mail Server (IMAP): android.imap.mail.yahoo.com, SSL (port 993) Yahoo Outgoing Mail Server (SMTP): android.smtp.mail.yahoo.com, SSL (port 365) use auth
what are the bt yahoo ! mail settings for outgoing and incoming mail servers ? incoming mail ( pop3 ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 110 outgoing mail ( smtp ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 25 account name/login name : your email address ( including the "@btinternet.com" or "@btopenworld.com" part ) password : your bt yahoo ! password step-by-step online step-by-step instructions to help with your email setup .
i had tried all combinations of security settings but crucially it was the ' request sign in ' bit that was needed along with selecting port 465 ( ss l certificates option ) .
i have been experiencing the same problem with a samsung galaxy s2 and a bt yahoo account , namely can receive but not send email . after many unsuccessful variations on pop3/imap and port combinations the following finally seems to have worked : incoming imap server : [imap.mail.yahoo.com] [ ssl port 993 ] [ user name is your whole bt email address . use your normal account password . ] outgoing smtp server : [smtp.mail.yahoo.com] [ ssl port 465 ] ( finally - and crucially - select " require sign in " and use your email address ( username ) and account password as for the incoming . ) this may only be relevant to the galaxy s2
the short answer is no , the baseband firmware is not for public usage ( read carefully , i am referring to the programmatic details of this , i.e. api 's ) the baseband radio is isolated and proprietary and does not " exist " outside the realm of android , rather , its using libraries which are closed source that interacts with the radio firmware . if you are curious to know exactly behind the scenes in how android works with the radio firmware , look at my answer on stackoverflow , it is technically orientated but will emphasize my previous paragraph . and also , for consideration , to be honest , there is a grey area involved in using the gsm frequencies for short band transmission like as in walkie talkies , and furthermore , those gsm frequencies are explicitly reserved for the usage of gsm network traffic , 900mhz , 1800mhz , 2100mhz . another aspect , you may have to acquire a license for this to be able to do so as far as laws are concerned within the jurisdiction of your country . - that i do not know ! edit : radio fm apps that receives radio broadcasts of music , news etc , that is a different story , that uses a fm transmitter which is a s-o-c ; this will vary depending on the chip-set used , so do not get that mixed up either with radio firmware as far as 2g/3g is concerned : ) disclaimer : i am not a legal expert , but if , and this is a big if this is possible , to do this - take heed and consult with your local laws .
i had this issue but found older versions of youtube online (freewarelovers.com), downloaded the apk file through my phone browser and it installed . now it is working fine . i did have to take a gamble regarding which version to download but i used 2.3.4 . ( i used to have version 4.4 but could not find it online . )
no , there is not anything like that in qualcomm 's offerings .
install calendar app enable calendar sync select calendars to sync
you have done great so far . now , write junk files again and encrypt the device over adb shell : /system/bin/vdc cryptfs enablecrypto inplace PASSWORD ( your device may need to be rooted for this ) now , feel free to wipe .
this setting backs your data up to google 's magic cloud . it includes what apps you have installed , and some apps ' settings ( if they are written to take advantage of it ) which are restored when you first sign in to a new phone . relevant quote from the android 2.3 user guide , pg 18: you can choose to back up some of your data , such as your bookmarks , your user dictionary , your wi-fi passwords , and many other settings , to your google account , on google servers . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature . that way , when you need to replace your phone ( when you upgrade or replace a lost phone ) , or if you reinstall an application , you can restore your settings and other data . for information about changing this setting later , see “privacy settings” on page 370 . that setting controls apps ' ability to use this api , which includes google 's apps such as market .
propably not an easy and fast solution : if miui supports your phone , then install miui which is not like the many roms ( unstable , cluttered , for " freaks" ) . if it does not support your phone , you could still search for an unofficial version here or on xda-developers . you have the possibility to go into the dialer-settings and set a default country-prefix . if you stay in mexico you just set the default prefix to +52 and the incoming sms should have the +52 assigned . if your next stay is in krungthep mahanakhon ( =bangkok ) then you just set it to +66 . this works for me .
the galaxy s duos allows for both sim cards to be active simultaneously , meaning that you can receive a call on one sim even while you are on a call with the other . what happens is that calls from your other sim are forwarded to your currently active sim 's network , which you can put on hold to answer ( this might incur additional network charges ) . you can put the two calls on and off hold as you please . you can toggle the dual sim always on option on or off for either sim card . effectively , this enables call waiting and call forwarding so you can switch each sim card on and off individually ( which can help save battery ) . during a call , the active sim gets displayed at the top of the call interface . you can also pick which sim is to be used for mobile data - only one can be used at a time . another option is whether or not the phone should be able to receive calls on the other sim while using mobile data on one sim .
that is the usual behaviour since they changed the export feature some time ago . when you tap an image from the gallery , it opens full-screen but not in editing mode right away . in this view , click the share icon on the action bar ( the three circles connected by two lines ) and choose " share as __" for whichever format you want to export as . after a brief pause , it'll give you a share menu listing apps you can share with , and the top item on this menu is " save to device " , with an icon of an sd card . instead of launching another app to share with , this will just save/export a file in your chosen format .
i found a tweak that will allow me to manipulate the amount of ram that is allocated to the chrome browser on android . by default the chrome browser for android can only access up to 128mb of ram . this can be tweaked by simply opening the application Chrome Browser and typing the following string in a new tab and tap enter : chrome://flags/#max-tiles-for-interest-area in the menu that pops up , change the value from Default to 256 or 512 . you will be prompted with a notification that will ask you to relaunch google chrome in order for your changes to take effect . click Relaunch Google Chrome and enjoy the added speed .
the easiest and fastest way to move over pictures/albums from your phone to your computer is using a usb cable and connecting your device to your computer . if you have a windows pc , your device should automatically come up . if you have a mac . you will need to download a tool called android file transfer . i will provide you with the links below . anyways , it is really simple . like i said , if you have a windows pc . just connect the device , wait for drivers to load automatically and then open windows explorer : start > run > explorer and browse through the directories on your device , if your albums are stored locally on your phone and not an sd card . you pictures should be under : dcim\media\pictures this may be different depending on the device if you are on a mac . use the aforementioned application . simply download the app , install it , and plug-in your device . once the application recognizes your phone , you will be able to browse the phone 's directories . android file transfer
there are several exif editors in google play . among them are : exif tag editor ( photo ) exif editor : free as suggested by izzy , there are also gallery apps that can do this : justpictures ! photo mate
i have tried multiple times , and have never found a way for the build in adb client to recognise itself . i think it is due to the fact that it checks it on usb etc - i could be wrong however . it is safe to say though that there is no way for the adb client in android to recognise it is server self - sorry !
i do not think you can access the device directly from adb on the device . but you can access the logcat if you need to in /dev/log/ . just about anything you would need to access via adb should be accessible directly on the device , one way or another . for example , adb gets screenshots from reading /dev/graphics/fb0
might be best to attempt download of alogcat from the google play store . there is an option in there under menu > preferences > periodic save from within the same application , that can be set , which activates the frequency of periodic saving , which gets saved to the sdcard . that should make things easier somewhat to get the log without having to plug it in via usb .
i do not know how to make the setting stick , but if you are using ics you can easily disable the samsung calendar app - so it will act as if it is uninstalled . you can disable it by clicking the disable button on the app settings page - just above the disable notifications checkbox . once this is done , reboot your device and it will act as if that app is no longer installed !
i have same issue on my s2 . the problem is a conflict between google calendar and samsung stock calendar . the second one overwrite settings of google calendar . only solution is disable it and use google calendar .
you can use google now : say " ok google now " , say " set alarm for one hour " , then touch " set alarm "
it sounds like what you want is a timer rather than an alarm clock . ( did you look in the play store ? ) one very simple timer app i use is tick ! . tap to open use your finger to spin the dial to the amount of time you want to count down tap to start the timer
you could try an app called simple alarm clock by a developer called moula soft inc . it is in the google app store . i like it .
you could try this fix those running the cynogen mod on their htc desire and experiencing problems with auto adjustment of brightness would be happy to hear that a fix has been developed to tackle it . if it does not work you could try another rom to determine if its a software or a hardware issue .
if you really want the brightness that low on your device , try an " overlay " dimmer which displays a dark layer over the screen to simulate darker brightness . to you it will be the same . try lux . it will let you pick how low to let the brightness goes ( just before flickering ) , then it will activate the overlay beyond that .
i do not think there is any official rom from samsung for galaxy note that does not contain any of their framework application . your only option is to install custom rom . cyanogenmod will be one of the best choices since it is build based on aosp .
if you use the swype keyboard , holding the space key gives you a tab . smart keyboard pro also has tab , press ?123 twice for it . reference : http://androidforums.com/android-applications/151563-softkeyboard-tab-key.html
on the stock keyboard on my droid ( the soft keyboard , not the slide-out ) i see the tab character on the alt-symbol keyboard . hit ? 123 key , then alt . the tab key looks like an arrow pointing right to a line .
i can not find a good complete list , but you can always search for the permission on developer . android . com . in the case of read_phone_state , it does look like the phone number can be read .
this blog post tries to explain permission : http://techpp.com/2010/07/30/android-apps-permissions-secure-private-data/ if you really need to know the specifics of each permissions , you can download and grep android 's source code ( it is open source , after all ) . i think that is the best we can do for now .
problem solved . i cleared the cache . to do this i restarted the phone into the bootloader by pressing and holding the power button and down volume key . i then selected recovery . from the next screen i selected wipe cache partition .
ifconfig -a to list interfaces . ifconfig wlan0 hw ether ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff to set the mac address , replacing wlan0 with the interface you want to use , and the mac address with the one you want to spoof . not all drivers support changing the mac address though , so this may not work .
as superuser run : # netcfg  a list with the interfaces will appear . for example my interface was eth0 # ifconfig eth0 down # ifconfig eth0 hw ether your:new:mac # ifconfig eth0 up  note that not all drivers support this operation , and the android ifconfig do not support these commands . you will need another ifconfig executable , perhaps that from busybox will be suitable . after the reboot these changes are lost .
opensource iptableslog app does exactly that . the features are : real time log display hostname resolving per app view filters based on app name , hostname , port it needs root and busybox .
first off , this almost certainly is nothing to do with your new google account . the twitter app has access to all the accounts on your phone with which it can suggest contacts . this means it probably looked at one or both of your personal imap accounts and used those to suggest contacts to you , rather than you ' empty ' google account . the question you linked to is probably correct although instead of your google email address the suggested contacts probably have one of your personal email accounts in their address book .
you need to open a local terminal shell , by using a " terminal emulator " like app . otherwise you will not get an su'able shell . since aos 4.2.2 , adb is not letting you use " su " , to get root shell , on stock " enforced " selinux devices . then do this : su 0 setenforce 0  if you need to make this permanent to last between re-boots , you need to find where this is originally set in the various init.*.rc files in boot . img and change it , and reflash . . .
no , do not try to do this , or you will brick your device . shv-e160l and gt-n7000 have completely different processors ( qualcomm snapdragon apq8060 for shv-e160l , and samsung s5pc210 for gt-n7000 ) ; e.g. , see this comparison . there are some custom roms for shv-e160l in the xda-developers section for at and t samsung galaxy note i717 ( this device is closer to shv-e160l , but also not 100% compatible , so look carefully and use only roms which are made for shv-e160l ) .
i have had a similar issue on my nexus 4 device , here is what i did to stop the issue : go to your ' settings ' menu , then go to ' accounts ' . select ' google ' and check which google service has a sync issue . if you cant see any apps with sync issues , you will have to do as user ' laural h ' mentioned above : disable them all , and re-enable them one by one , checking that it syncs properly ( before enabling the next one ) . when you find the app with sync issues , open the problematic app and login with your google credentials .
you could try installing the newest version of google play . if you do not want to do that , try one of these : go to settings-> accounts-> google-> sync data and disable all your google account sync items individually . then enable the app data and try again before enabling the rest of your sync items . go to settings-> apps-> menu-> clear app preferences . clearing the play cache .
i have installed the application " barcode scanner " from here https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.zxing.client.android to install an application , i open the " barcode scanner " application and hold the phone up to the barcode . it scans and decodes it automatically and then gives me the option to " open brower " . i click on that and it eventually leads me to the android market when i am given the option to install the application .
if you are seeing a qr code on a web page that you are browsing with your phone , then generally there will also be a clickable link to the same place as the qr code points to . if you are seeing a qr code on a web page on your browser on another device and want to follow it using your phone , you can install any one of a number of barcode scanning apps and then capture it using your camera ; if the qr code encodes a market link , the scanner app should open it for you in the market . i recommend qr droid for qr decoding myself , it is a very flexible little app that has tons of extra features ( including generating your own qr codes that other phones can scan for things like contacts so you can easily share them , etc )
you know the same way you know that any card reader the merchant is using does not clone your card or misuse your payment details : you do not know at all . it is possible for apps to detect whether the phone has been rooted or not , so one might expect that a payment app would refuse to work on a rooted phone , just like some video streaming apps do . but as the consumer , it is not possible for you to verify the security of the merchant 's card reader , whether it is a smartphone or a special-purpose device . the good news is that it is not your responsibility to do so . if the merchant allows your card details to be misused , whether deliberately or through negligence , they will get into trouble with their merchant acquirer ( i.e. . their bank ) . you can " dispute " any fraudulent transactions with your bank to get them reversed .
based on your comment , are you looking for these things ? you can either use real android device or lookup existing internet resources to examine the code . p.s. do not ever attempt to use android emulator to perform testing . as it is not reliable at all . html5 compatibility table list desktop and mobile browsers http://caniuse.com/ desktop , tablet , mobile , television and gaming browsers http://html5test.com/compare/browser/index.html mobile browsers http://mobilehtml5.org/ coremob ( www.coremob.org ) : mobile web app profile https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0auihlk0fcwp4defpr1puwhk1qvczcv9xbfatx19cmxc#gid=0 test it yourself ringmark ( mobile browser test suite by facebook ) http://rng.io/
well , i have wound up using alternativeto .netto specify alternatives to a specific browser , and limiting the results to android . it is not perfect , but it is actually very workable . it gives me a list that is fairly comprehensive , gives me an idea of user base numbers , and also includes enough at-a-glance information to help me a bit .
i had the same problem . i fixed it by reinstalling the latest version of kies and deactivating usb-debugging before i connected my phone ( samsung galaxy xcover ) the first time .
before ur usb connect with the computer , go . setting--> application--> development--> usb debugging ( no tick ) open kies connect usb maybe it is work . . . . if still not , reopen the phone . . connect again . . . i hope that it can help u . . . . . also understand my poor eng . . . .
i have same problem , plus i have try some things : debug mode ( off ) then plug debug mode ( on ) then plug plug then debug mode ( first off then on and vice versa ) rebooted phone and pc installed kies , and usb drivers over the past installation rebooted phone and pc unistalled kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc reinstalled kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc deleted manually all the kies files , registry entry , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc installed kies , usb drivers rebooted phone and pc i have try to install kies on several computer , but all are 32 bit ( win xp or at least vista ) actually , my phone has been connected to kies only one time . . . i remember that time it was some of the first try , about a year and half ago . . . then , nothing .
it seems to be a known " feature " if you use kaspersky internet security : http://forum.kaspersky.com/index.php?s=8ffe1c0b8684d5bd3d1353f0d074f528showtopic=260035 however , as you can see in the link above , it comes with a few issues . disabling the ' web protection ' component seems to do the trick .
error "-18" ( see the previous-to-last line of your log ) is a typical app2sd error . trouble is , there were remains from a previous install left on the sdcard , and now the package manager cannot create a file with a name already existing . there are two possible approaches : if the app is already installed , and you are trying to update : move it back to " internal storage " ( e . g . via settings→apps , scroll to the app , open it is entry , and use the corresponding button ) . then try to update again . once succeeded , optionall move the app back to sdcard otherwise : attach the card to your pc using a card reader ( or , if you have root access , use a file-manager with root support , e.g. es file explorer ; without root , android will hide the folder you need to access ) . in the root of the card , you should find a folder named .android_secure ( note the leading dot ! ) . navigate into it . watch out for a file named smdl2tmp1.asec ( see the corresponding error message : Failed to create container smdl2tmp1 ) , and remove it . if you had used a cardreader attached to your pc : unmount the card safely , and put it back to your device . try installing the app again , it should work now . reading the log again , it looks like the cause was a little different here : executing /system/bin/newfs_msdos failed: No such file or directory is where the trouble starts . the system was unable to create a " handler " to deal with the fat file system on the sdcard , thus could not access it ( ASEC FAT format failed (I/O error) ) , and then could not deal with the " smdl2tmp1" container because of that . in short : it looks like there is a binary missing ( or it is there but lacks the appropriate permissions ) .
if you have a working cwm or 2e recovery you can flash darky 's with it just fine from a stock rom . if you have a lagfix , particularly the ext2 oclf , be sure to undo it first . ( it appears darky 's uses the voodoo ext4 lagfix , so no need to disable voodoo beforehand . see is the voodoo lagfix compatible with darky&#39 ; s rom ? ) note that your data will be wiped unless you are already using darky 's , as per the xda thread .
you need odin in order to install cwm without root ( or conversely , you need root to install cwm without odin ) . cwm does not root the phone . you do not need root for clockworkmod recovery , though you do need root for the rom manager app . edit : you can not install unsigned packages with the "3e " recovery , which was part of some official update packages ( most froyo ones and presumably all gingerbread ones ) . this prevents one from flashing a custom rom , kernel , modem , or recovery through the stock recovery ( since they are not signed by the manufacturer ) . the way to get around this is normally to use odin to flash a custom rom or kernel with a custom recovery . i am not sure if flashing a signed update to an older official rom , with the older recovery , would work ; it might say it is older than your current version and fail , or it might just work . i have never been able to try it , and i am familiar with odin anyways .
go for truecaller app . it is the best app for finding name by phone number .
try using google search , works flawlesly on my magic to look for contacts in any way i like , you might need to update latest version from the market
i am pretty sure it is just that the app is buggy . push messages have never worked right for me either . the latest version of the facebook app ( released in the last week or two ) is better , but not perfect .
i do not think that is possible . tibu syncs a local copy to dropbox . what you could do is : use / buy an external sd card ( 64gb or less ) go to System settings , open the application manager , and Move to SD card tibu this way , it does not take up internal phone memory . ( i.e. . tibu dumps its backup to the external sd card )
in paragon mount , try changing the mount point when you tap mount . just make a new folder in the root of your storage space .
it is not possible to create a widget that updates that often , because it will suck your battery really quickly . there are many stopwatch apps available in the play store . many of them have millisecond or decisecond accuracy , but i am not aware of any that have an associated widget . these kind of high precision timers should only be needed on a case-to-case basis , so it is not worth it for them to be on the homescreen .
answering the question i have been searching for a solution to this issue since i have seen your question , probably when you have set a bounty . till now i have found tons of unhappy users complaining about the same issue , no pause/resume during a video record . i have read just about every first fifty results presented for every search that i came up with on google , been into google market , reference forums , etc . . . sigh ! the only answer that i have found relevant to be mentioned was provided by ryan conrad concerning this topic , for the same phone . ( no need for transcription to this answer ) since this is being requested a few years ( at least since 2011 that users are complaining at google forums ) , and since the functionality to pause while recording needs system support due to the api and hardware being used that must provide such capabilities , software developers cannot go around this . some devices may be capable of dealing with the pause/resume feature , but that is unclear . i believe that you will just have to wait until manufacturers and developers can not stand the voice of the unhappy user anymore , and improve this issue . the android api currently does not provide the pause method this is a bit technical , but was solicited on the comments . the public class mediarecorder , being used since api level 1 , does not has the capability to pause , as one can observe from the mediarecorder state diagram : when recording , the api allows us to either use the reset() or stop() public methods : reset() -> restarts the mediarecorder to its idle state . stop() -> stops recording .
remote phone call ( click here to view app on play store ) might help you with the gsm calling via wifi and bluetooth . google voice and hangout ( default app on android phone ) for pc you need plugin for installing hangout . .
there is a startup in ycombinator 's incubation center that is currently solving this very problem , they are called pushbullet . https://www.pushbullet.com unfortunately though , their app is still a chrome extension , and it does not allow you to directly make calls from pc , your phone is connected with pc over lan ( read wifi ) , and it binds a port from your phone to the pc and allows you to add one more layer of abstraction between your phone and pc
first , be sure that the contacts from your old phone were actually stored on your sim card . that is not the default for most android phones , which store contacts in the device storage , or online in your google account . get a sim card adapter . take the card out of your old phone . put the card in the adapter . put the card+adapter into your new phone . transfer the contacts from the card onto the phone 's memory . you can do this by editing the contacts one by one in the contacts app , or you can find an app to import contacts from the sim card in one operation . now the contacts are on your new phone , and you can replace the usual sim card in that phone . if your new phone is sim-locked to a different carrier , you can ask a friend and borrow their phone . alternativaly , you can buy a usb sim card reader . that way , when you have the sim card in the adapter , you can plug that into your pc and use the software that comes with the reader to save the contacts onto your pc . you can then import them into your new phone , or into your google account .
not even your stock firmwares are 100% reliable , really - i have experienced crashes with the stock android straight from google and built for a nexus . omnirom is quite stable , however . i have currently got one of the nightly 4.4 builds running on my phone ( sony xperia t ) and it is not exhibiting any issues the standard aosp 4.4 is not . at the end of the day flashing any custom software onto your handset is a risk . it is usually outlined to you before you download a rom image that it is possible you might brick your device in the process , rendering it unusable , but if you follow the instructions carefully this is unlikely to happen . if you are not confident in the software , or your ability to successfully install it , protect your expensive hardware and do not flash it .
solution for at least i9070 / i9070p on linux : flashing only system . img with odin or heimdall ( use 1.3.1 version ) does not increase the counter . so download an official stock rom for your phone , extract it , convert the system . img ( sparse ext4 image ) to an normal ext4 image as described here . loop-mount it , add a su binary to the xbin subfolder with the correct file rights and ownership ( 06755 root root ) and if necessary add other files which are on your phone in the /system folder but not in the stock rom . repack everything back to a sparse ext4 image and flash it . at the end install the superuser or supersu app which belongs to the su binary you added to the system image .
you have a prety good tutorial right here : [ gt-i9070 ] [ root ] rooting your galaxy s advance without increasing the binary counter
you can also a widget on your home screen to toggle between silent / vibrate / normal modes . too many to list . most popular ones work well .
it can be shortened ! you can silence your phone straight from the lockscreen by sliding from right to left . see this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otq-c7qjdyq#at=4m
personally i think that the easiest way ( apart from sliding right to left but thats not available on all phones ) to put the phone into silent mode is to hold down the power button for a short period , than select Silent mode .
holding the volume-down button on most android devices from the home screen will drop to silent mode .
check your phones settings > wifi settings , to see if wifi is selected to " always " stay on . if not you can change it to go off whenever the screen goes off . this may help with some of the battery drainage . update : @jmbouffard . - while you are in settings > about phone > battery use , have you clicked the graph at the top ? sometimes only " phone idle " will show but clicking the graph will give you better details .
i know this may look like common sense , but maybe you could simply take a piece a paper and note every single launched application whenever this happens . after 5 iterations , you should have a pretty accurate idea of the culprit . if not , as tim mentionned , you should take a look at the logs to have a better understanding of what is going on on the system itself . ps : using a paper rather than an app would be encouraged , because the notepad app you would be using could be the culprit itself : )
i think this could maybe be because of several things : you have a bad network connection . if you are on a location where there is a bad network connection , your phone will have to try very hard to keep this connection enabled . or maybe that is also possible when you are walking in locations that have a bad connection to the outside world ( in the basements of some buildings for example ) . sometimes if you are using live backgrounds , that drains the battery too . another possibiliy is that your phone is syncing in the background . if you have for example enabled that calendars have to stay synced ( and you have an enabled data connection ) , then your phone will on regular bases connect to the internet for some updates . i do not think ( but i am not sure though ) that this would show up in your task manager . it could also be that something like your gps or bluetooth is enabled , and becomes a problem ( although i think this would show up in your task manager ) i would suggest you have a look at the services that are enabled , even when your phone is in standby mode ( bluetooth , gps , syncing . . )
it has to do with the contracts that carriers have with the manufacturers . they also have to do testing of the deployments , to make sure they " go off without a hitch " . if the updates fails for users , the carrier is the one that has to take the service call . they also have to do training for their customer services people on how to handle any update issues . besides deployments , they also need to test that the update does not compromise the network , or the device . let 's also not forget about the bloat ware that the carriers add to the releases . these are applications that the carrier may be getting paid to distribute , another way for them to make some money off the device that they are selling at a subsidized price . if you buy your phones outright , you will pay more up front for the device , but buying subsidized , you pay more for it with the higher contract fees . non-contract plans are cheaper per month , and every carrier offers them , you just have to ask for it . they do not advertise them because they make more money off the contracts .
here are the mirrors i know of . github i know is an " up to date " mirror , not sure about the rest . github code aurora
the most frequently used site for downloading google 's proprietary bits is goo . im ( formerly goo-inside . me ) . however it can be a little confusing as it list all version so i recommend you check out this rootzwiki page as it list the recommended versions as well as the changelogs .
note that this is not guranteed to be the case with every update , and may vary from device to device . however , in every case i am familiar with , this has held true . ota/automatic updates ( and many but not all roms installed with a custom recovery ) will generally ignore anything inside the /sdcard/ directory . i keep everything in there and whenever i switch roms or update , that directory stays safe as long as whatever i am installing does not require a factory reset . devices with no physical sd card slot such as nexus , and kindle fires have treated that sort of as the default /home/user/ directory . downloads from chrome go to /sdcard/Download/ by default . music gets downloaded to /sdcard/Music/ etc . . . devices with a physical sd card slot seem to use that as the mount point for an inserted card . you can use it if you have a card inserted - otherwise , it is not available . some devices will be different . as izzy noted , the external sd card can have a different default mountpoint such as /sdcard/external_sd/ or something with /extSD/ . it could realistically be any point that the manufacturer or rom builder decides on . having said that , it is always a good idea to keep your data backed up . i have not had any emergencies , and my data in the directory has never been wiped when i was not expecting it , but it is always best to be safe .
i would suggest , in parallel to your adb backup , to consider some additional backup strategies – especially in the context of " moving to more privacy": use the apps ' own backup features . for the contacts app , this would be the import/export item in the menu appearing when you hit the menu key . as the name suggests , the export created here can be imported at the very same place on your cmified device . consider other specialized backup apps ( no need for contacts , as above export will be fine ) for things like your calendar data , wifi passwords , etc . consider titanium backup for almost everything . this app for one has a " migration mode " for later restore on a different rom , and also supports xml backups for different system data ( e . g . wifi passwords ) . when going cm , you will certainly install a custom recovery ( such as clockworkmod or twrp ) as well . consider making a nandroid backup right after that ( and before installing cm ) , so you have an " image " of your complete system . for your later restore , and if you want to avoid the gapps , again titanium backup comes in handy . i strongly recommend the pro version , and buying it directly at the dev 's site – as that way it will stay " pro " even without gapps and play . it can not only read its own backups , but above mentioned nandroid and adb backups as well , so you could pick even single things from them which you might have forgotten to backup separately . last hint : if you are looking for a gapps replacement , check nogapps . not yet fully ready , but looks quite promising . now , good luck on your way to freedom : )
if your computer is able to recognize the phone while it is in fastboot mode , you are half-way there . you will now need to flash a proper recovery image , and then use the recovery mode to flash a compatible rom . it does not looks like clockworkmod officially supports your version of lg g2 ( d803 ) . the other well known recovery is twrp ( short for team win recovery project ) . there are two different recovery images for d803 - bell and rogers . go ahead and download the one appropriate for your carrier , and save it somewhere on your computer . now do the following : boot up your phone into fastboot mode , and connect it via usb to the pc . open windows command prompt , and navigate to wherever the fastboot . exe program is installed ( e . g . cd c:\fastboot\ ) issue the following command : fastboot flash recovery [path-to-img] where " [ path-to-img ] " is the full path to where you downloaded the recovery image ( C:\temp\openrecovery-twrp-2.6.3.2-g2bell.img for example ) turn the phone off , diaconnect it from usb , and boot to recovery by holding the vol down + power buttons , then as soon as the " lg " logo comes up release them and press and hold them again , and then on the screen press the power button 3 times . you should be in twrp recovery . re-connect the phone to pc via usb , and now adb tool should be working . you can now try to find the cm11 version for your phone , adb push it to your phone 's memory while it is in recovery mode , and then flash it with twrp . i would also recommend performing a complete wipe via twrp to clear out any residual files from your previous flashing attempts . currently cyanogenmod does not officially support the canadian variant ( d803 ) of lg g2 , but some people had successfully modified the d802 's package . this involves extracting a file from the official cm11 zip , modifying it to include the d803 model , re-packing it into the zip , and finally flashing it . a different kernel is also required to be flashed right afterwards , and can be found here ( you will need the aosp based one . )
in the new google maps app we finally have this feature . from this post on the official google blog : enhanced navigation : in addition to current traffic conditions , we’ve added two new features to help you navigate around traffic . you can now see reports of problems on the road that you can tap to see incident details . while on the road , google maps will also alert you if a better route becomes available and reroute you to your destination faster . this feature is available only on android and is coming soon to ios . from http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!msg/maps/hl8uxvgrmce/6pfnmzp8tiqj once you are in the " navigation " mode , you will see a status bar on the bottom that gives you an estimate of time remaining to your destination . the text of the time remaining changes color based on the traffic situation . the colors correspond to the former colored traffic light dot . if the words are red , that means there is some serious traffic on your route . yellow indicates areas of slowed traffic . green indicates that there are no anticipated delays .
as far as i know and based on my testings with the same concern , i came to the conclusion that it does not update the route based on traffic or any other reasons . i even took an alternative route that i knew it was faster in rush hour conditions and the navigator was still trying to reroute me back to its original route , considering that faster due to speed limits .
google does not do this automatically , but you can ask it to do it . in traffic view , there is a button in the lower right hand corner ( looks like 2 diverging arrows ( one dashed ) both leading to a destination pin ) . in turn by turn view , press menu then routes and alternatives , and the same alternate routes button will show up second from the right . however , google navigation will often not show you a route that avoids the traffic . when that happens , start driving an alternate route and google navigation will eventually get the point , although you may have to listen to a lot of " turn around " alerts before it does .
according to this post on the official google blog , navigation should have this feature but like slybloty said i have never noticed any evidence of this happening
not all rfid systems are compatible with nfc . nfc uses an rf frequency of 13.56 mhz ( so-called hf ) , but there are other common rfid systems that use frequencies in the range of 100-150 khz ( so-called lf ) or 860-960 mhz ( so-called uhf ) . your key may belong to an lf or uhf system . another possibility is that your key is part of an hf system , but uses a command set or an rf modulation scheme that is not compatible with nfc .
try the free os monitor by eolwral . you can see every physical or logical network interface with associated ipv4/6 and mac addresses as well as total rx ad tx . also has open connections and more , pretty awesome app for free if you ask me .
netgenie lite can do that .
android comes with ifconfig , install terminal emulator and type " ifconfig eth0" , or use " netcfg " to list all available devices . you need root to use ifconfig though .
the captivate does not have a front-facing camera , thus no self-shot mode . you will have to turn it around and try to tap the on-screen button without seeing it to take a picture of yourself ( or use a mirror , etc . ) .
i think My Files does not allow you to create files . you could try a 3rd-party app like file expert though ; this app lets you create both files and folders .
i do not have a tv paired with my youtube account , so this is really just another setting to look at . go to your youtube account : https://www.youtube.com/account click on the connected tvs option at the bottom of the left hand menu . if available , disconnect the tv from here .
if your phone will not turn on , i do not think installing drivers will help . and yet you say that the computer " sees " the phone . in my case i found that after successfully upgrading to 4.4 that my windows pc could no longer " see " my phone unless i went into storage and changed the usb settings to ptp . however , on my linux machine i can access all folders and storage . so if you have a linux machine or at least a live disk you may be able to access you internal storage that way . but if the phone is not turning on , i am not sure what you can do from that point . hope something in my ramblings helps . :- )
samsung 's kies software only works with samsung phones running official samsung roms . the only way to get kies working with your phone would be to put an official samsung released os version onto it again .
there are several steps/things you can do before you do advanced troubleshooting . most of the problems can be solved following these steps . backup your data . backup your data first ( of course , if possible ) . you do not need to risk it . keep it somewhere else . it is better to have backups for personal data and app data separately . try rebooting your device . you can use your power key or a third party reboot app keep your device switched off for a while . make sure you remove your sim card ( and the battery and sd card as well , if they are detachable ) and wait about 30 minutes . try freeing some space . you must always have some free space . it is better to have more than 50mb free so that the apps can work smoothly . ( some say it should be 2% of total memory ) try re-installing apps . if you believe your problem is caused by a specific app , try uninstalling and re-installing that app . also you can try clearing the app cache . it will give you some more space . no hardware fixes . do not attempt to quick hardware fixes unless you have clear understanding of what you are doing . and keep in mind that you will lose your manufacturer 's warranty by doing such fixes . update your os . make sure that the relevant updates are compatible with your device , referring to your manufacturer 's website . if you are still in the problem , you can try searching help for your problem or contacting your manufacturer 's customer support personnel . remember to do this before you go to factory resets .
as said in my comment on the question itself : that settings page is the place to configure the default behaviour . in your described case , those settings define the screen to switch off after 30s of idle time ( i.e. . no touch event ) , plus activate the keyguard action ( i.e. . the lock pattern , pin , or password ) after additional 5 seconds ( so if you switch the screen back on within less than 5s after it switched off automatically , you do not have to unlock the device as it would not yet be locked ) . now why does the screen stay on for 20 minutes or more , though configured to switch off after 30s of idle time ? the solution is not always that obvious . apps with the appropriate permissions might override those default settings . a good example is a navigation app : one surely does not want to permanently touch the screen to keep it from switching off while navigating . another example might be an ebook reader prolonging the timeout . while a reboot might solve that issue once it happens ( in case a quick-fix is needed ) , in the long run it will prove better to check running apps for candidates overriding the mentioned default settings . while the navigation app might be obvious ( and most likely desired ) , other apps might let you configure this behaviour . in case you cannot easily figure out which app is causing it , a look at the system logs might prove useful . alogcat is one example of apps helping you to capture log contents ( there are many others as well ) . it might produce a large amount of lines , but searching the content for strings like " screen " , " timeout " , and the like has good chances to narrow it down .
your problem is not in display but in lock screen . i had the same problem and fixed it : go to settings , lock screen , then secured lock time , and set it for ten minutes
as far as i can tell , no , there is not a way to configure where sent mail is placed using the imap email account on the galaxy s iii . there may be a 3rd party email app that can do this , but not the stock one on the s iii . as suggested in the comments k-9 mail does what you want .
i would rather go with replacing the sd card and checking if that happens again . nowadays there are lots of cheap sd cards which simply lose or corrupt your data with no particular reason . there have been reports of sd cards that pretend to be 4 , 8 , 16gb or even more but only have 256mb . if you have such a bad card and copy more than 256mb of data it will get corrupted . the same thing applies to flash drives etc . if that does not help then try to restore your device to the original state and do not install all your applications at one go . try to install the most important first and the rest in some intervals so you can find the one which may be causing problems .
you may have to run an ruu if you do not have a custom recovery you could try rebooting into bootloader and doing a factory reset there ( typically , turn device off , hold volume down and power till you are in the bootloader , volume moves , power selects in that screen )
try installing the standard rom , if this also does not work you can be sure that this is a hardware problem with the phone . i think the problem occurred when you spilled water on your mobile phone . it will oxidize and become damaged over time . if you had lost your phone in salt water , it would be destroyed immediately . when you lose your phone in water or spill water on it , you should take out your battery immediately and deliver it to professionals to clean it before it oxidizes . since the phone has been in contact with water , your guarantee is void . how a water sensors looks like : http://altinett.no/2/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/futkskade-mb.jpg there is two water sensors in this picture . one looks like a black circle and white in the middle , this censor has not been in contact with water . the other censor to the left looks like a black circle with red in the middle , this has been in direct contact with water . how an oxidized motherboard looks like : http://altinett.no/2/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/fukt-korrosjon-lcd2.jpg this case is irreversible .
my first suggestion is to look into replacing your launcher . you can find several home launcher replacements in google play market . my current favorite is the holo launcher . alternatively
this functionality is not available as standard in your default launcher , but the launcher is replaceable . there are lots of alternatives out there , some require a minimum os version . unless you have rooted your phone it looks like the maximum os version you can be on is v2.3.5 ( source : http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_y_s5360-4117.php ) . so this rules out the newer breed of launchers which are based on the android 4 . x launcher . but there are still a load of good launchers which will be compatible with your phone and will provide the functionality that you are looking for . have a look at : go launcher adw launcher
use holo launcher : really an awesome launcher , you will get an ics look and you can hide icons in the drawer ; you can also add icons in the dock session . use it and i bet you gonna really like the holo launcher .
what sticks out to me is that your battery status says " not charging " instead of discharging . i feel like your phone may recognize that the charger is plugged in , but may have some error in the battery/phone itself . i feel like your phone may just be translating the charger power directly into the phone itself , and is not able to charge the battery . if this is the case , it is a hardware issue . sorry that there is not much you can do .
i found out the issue was with the image i was using . my experience was that all of the cyanogenmod 11 nightlies created the loop , and the only version that worked for me was the " snapshot " build .
can not you just split the contact up in two ? so if the account have two google accounts it is just two contacts on your address book . it looks to me that you are only able to choose between more numbers , so if your contacts have multiple phone numbers you can choose between them , but emails you are not . ( even when they are added as hangout emails and is a verified google+ account . ) the way i would do it is split them up in multiple contacts and then make a group chat with that person that have more then one google account .
only by smb ( windows file sharing ) , another file sharing ( eg you can make on pc ftp server , etc ) , usb connection is always client-server and pc is server . unlimited access is possible only theoreticaly , if you manualy boot special os on pc ( any , what will not use disks to run ) and emulate android accessory protocol on pc ( no software available - need to create ) , what will handle your applications on phone and pc . . . fantastic scenario .
i do not know of any apps that can do that , but ( supposedly ) any android 4.2 device can do that with a wireless display adapter connected to an hdmi-enabled tv . i also found this project by e.s.r. labs , which they successfully get a nexus s to mirror it is screen ( albeit onto a raspberry pi ) . mirroring functionality is also sometimes limited due to hardware requirements . i also recently found that a developer was able to get miracast working on nexus 7 and 4 variants . check it out on xda with videos . something cool to note with this project is that the mirroring capabilities are all software based ; no need for additional hardware . hopefully that will also lead to further development for mirroring on devices that do not already have the hardware inside of them .
try pressing the power button for > 30 seconds . if it does not work , try to alternate power sources ( pc/laptop usb port , and ac adapter ) while repeating step #1 . still no go ? you may have to remove back cover and reconnect battery . warranty case . ( source )
hay it is a simple problem to encounter , go to settings reset the system do not forget to backup your important data before doing so .
the camera may be connecting on ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) or mtp ( media transfer protocol ) mode , not as a normal usb drive ( which uses usb mass storage drivers ) . it shows up in ubuntu similarly to a usb mass storage device , but android has no support for this out of the box . you could try an app that supports ptp , such as dslrdashboard , but i have not tried these personally , so no guarantees .
that is because there are so many devices available . entries in /dev are not restricted to physical devices , but also include logical ones . you just named one : tty . you do not really think you have got 63 " connectors " somewhere to attach keyboards etc . to ? also , /dev/random is nothing physical , but rather " software " ( a random-number generator provided by the system itself ) . same applies to things like /dev/null , /dev/zero , and several others . for more/deeper details , you might refer to following articles : linux filesystem hierarchy device file ( wikipedia ) -- recommended for this topic , as it explicitly included pseudo-devices linux system administrator 's guide - the / dev directory
not all devices at /dev are physical , some of them are logical and may be temporary needed by kernel/software ( and some of them are symlinks , like log_modem -> /dev/ttyacm2 ) . and , as i see , you have default linux tty count . it is not used ( reserved and may be used ) , but it is no problem .
go to menu> settings> apps> all> google framework services> clear data again do the same thing with the play store app . reboot your tablet and check it . see if you can click the install button on pc and if the apps are pushed onto the tablet .
on activation of a google account on your device , you will be asked whether you want to backup your data to the google cloud . while this must be explicitly supported by the apps to take effect for their data ( which only a few do ) , and thus will never be a complete data backup , many of your most private data will be affected here – amongst others your wifi aps including their ( plain text ! ) passwords , which even might lead to other issues beside privacy . but even if you answer this with " no " , your contacts , calendars , and more will be automatically sync'd with the google cloud without you being explicitly asked for . so here are some things you might want to consider . the list is definitly not complete , i certainly have missed some points ( and might add some lateron ) . " do you want to backup . . . " ( see above ) : this includes data of some apps which support it , a list of apps installed on the device – but also sensitive data such as configured wifi aps with their passwords in plain-text ( open issue #57560 ) in the sync settings of your google account , de-select what you do not want to sync . do this before entering any of your private data ( contacts , calendars , etc . ) , and remember you will have to re-do this after a factory-reset . side-effect : the less you sync , the less this can eat your data-plan . consider switching the default storage in your contacts/calendar/ . . . app from " google account " to " device " 1 android 4.4+: install an alternative sms app and make it the default one ( in settings→wifi you can chose which app to be used for sms ) to avoid your messages being mixed into hangouts . to be on the safe side , you can also disable sms support in hangouts . android 4.4+: install an alternative gallery app 2 to avoid your images being mixed with google+ ( looks like the separate gallery app will be gone soon as well ) . side-effect : again savings on your data-plan for not automatically syncing all your photos ( alternatively , photo sync/instant upload can also be turned off in g+ settings afaik ) . avoid services like google+ which are quite intrusive to privacy . if that is not an option for you , check their settings thoroughly , and opt-out from intrusives whereever possible . disable google maps and replace it by a good alternative . apps like the open-source osmand , oruxmaps , or locus map not only offer you much better offline capabilities , but also save your device 's juice by not constantly running in the background even without being explicitly started by you . if you followed all above suggestions , you now might as well think about disabling google now – it no longer can tell you it is "10 minutes to your parents " , or " you need to start to work earlier because of higher traffic " , as it does not know where ( or who ) your parents are , and where your work place is ( or what the traffic conditions are ) . and cannot give you advices like " buying this because your friends like it " . there are several more things you can do for your privacy , not being restricted to google 's services . if rooting is an option for you , things like xprivacy are definitly worth a look . a good starting point are our privacy tag-wiki and other questions tagged " privacy " . ps : turning wifi off when you do not need it ( with 4.3+ , remember there is also the " keep scanning for networks even if wifi is switched off " setting in settings→wifi→advanced to be considered ) could even protect you against being tracked by advertising trashcans . . . 1 there are alternative sync possibilities like owncloud , funambol , and others available 2 quickpic is a good candidate here
" alert " will cause a new window with the event details ( or a list of events with their info , if more than one ) to pop up on top of the active one and take focus when the reminder occurs . it also puts a notification icon in your status bar tray . the " status bar notification " setting causes the status bar icon to appear but does not automatically bring up the details dialog .
from your home screen go to menu -> settings -> applications -> manage applications and find greader . then click the clear cache and clear data button . this may lead to you having to sign back in but it will synch with your feeds so you will not really lose anything .
i do not see anything in the settings for the default browser on my phone ( droid , android 2.2.1 ) . you are almost certainly going to need to try an alternative browser . i do not know if any of them offer that functionality either , though .
the android implementation of talk-to-text sends your voice to google 's servers , parses your speech into text , then sends the text string back to the handset . without access to the internet , it is unable to transmit your voice data to their servers .
found the answer via this site : http://www.grc.com/cookies/forensics.htm third-party cookies are accepted by the standard browser and also by firefox .
from mybookofknowledge : go to your dial pad and select the settings options . under the other call settings , you can see the option Dial pad autocomplete . enable this option and now you can see suggestions when you dial a phone number . note : make sure you are using the stock dialer .
this problem can be solved by installing the latest version of whatsapp it is 2.10.768 or 2.11.56 . . . . . you can also go to this link to download in your mobile http://www.whatsapp.com/android/
as far as i can see , there is no software limitation , and google 's page on it says nothing about that ( https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/2812516?hl=enref_topic=3416342 ) . however , your phone 's hardware may not be able to support that , for instance my nexus 4 gets very hot with only one computer connected , and it will also be slow as all connections have to be routed using the phones limited processing power .
i would try editing extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf in the android sdk so that it recognizes your device . the file should have a section like this that you can extend : if you go into the windows device manager and view the properties for your device , you should see the id you need . for example , my vibrant says USB\VID_04E8&amp;PID_681C under device ids and has 3 entries with that and &amp;MI_00 , &amp;MI_02 , and &amp;MI_03 appended under bus relations . i would therefore add this to the . inf file : you should also reboot into the bootloader , recovery mode , etc . and see if that provides more ids . i know my vibrant installs new drivers the first time it is connected in each mode , so likely there are more entries needed . then just update the driver and select this . inf file . i think once you have done that then the usb mass storage drivers and so on will be auto-installed when you mount the device to the pc , but if not you could probably extend this process for that .
recently , koush ( the person behind clockworkmod ) has deleveloped a universaladbdriver for windows , which can be downloaded e.g. here . read more e.g. in the androidpolice article a universal adb driver for windows that actually works on 8 and check adbdriver . com as an alternative source . see also koush 's original g+ post on this . quoting : for whatever reason , every phone manufacturer has their own adb driver , so i end up installing like 3-4 different drivers when i do my testing . it is a royal pain in the ass , and is also asking a lot of the end user of one of my apps to do this . this driver should work on all android phones for all versions of windows . [ 1 ] it does not require that you turn on test signing or disable driver verification or even reboot . this is done by automatically installing clockworkmod as a trusted certificate and publisher into the local machine 's certificate store during the setup process . [ 1 ] on windows 8 , after downloading , choose " more info " then " run anyway " . so if you do not want to play with source/configuration files yourself , you might want to give this a try .
if your phone is rooted , it is possible to do this by modifying system files that govern the keyboard . a much easier ( and safer ) way would be installing a 3rd-party keyboard replacement app that has a french qwerty layout . out of keyboards i have personally used , i can recommend anysoftkeyboard with french language pack . it includes both azerty and qwerty ( french-canadian ) layouts .
i do not think directly . there are , however , several apps in the market that seem to let you view a webcam connected elsewhere by url or ip .
not a complete answer , but some background information : your device can have more than 1 location provider , e.g. one based on gps and one based on which mobile phone towers it can see . android does not have a one single last known position . each location provider has its own last known position . a location has additional metrics , like accuracy , when it was recorded , what was recorded ( e . g . does it have an altitude component etc ) so it depends on which location provider the app uses and that can depend on or even change based on dynamic parameters . e.g. on start-up it could ask android for the fastest location provider to get going and then switch to the most accurate one to gradually get a better fix .
it is my understanding that android uses coarse and fine grained type location updates and these updates can have different quality metrics too . it could be that the google maps application did not have gps and wifi signal long enough at your new location to be a high enough quality to be the last know location . the developer docs at http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html give some example models for obtaining user locations that might give some insight to how it works . but i would guess google maps , and probably other maps , do their own thing .
changing the starting day for mobile data is indeed non-obvious . you need to enable the mobile data connection ( 2g/3g ) before the options are available : enable mobile data . exit the data usage settings app . tap the spinner below the set mobile data limit checkbox . tap change cycle . . . . change date of each month ( i prefer the first day of the month , 1 ) hit set . undo mobile data if necessary ( e . g . if on wi-fi ) .
you need to go into the stock messaging app , hit menu > settings , un-check ' notifications ' which has the text stating ' display message notifications in status bar ' .
in addition to sparx 's answer : droidwall has been discontinued and now forked into afwall+ play store and continues in the spirit of open-source for the deprecated/obsolete droidwall here github .
if your phone 's rooted , use the excellent droidwall to selectively allow / disallow apps from connecting to the internet . like all apps that need root , read the instructions carefully and of course , do make a complete backup before trying things out .
if your device is rooted you can use lbe privacy guard to allow/deny network access based on a per-app setting ( and much more ) . since i could not find the version i use ( and shown in the screenshots ) on the market minutes ago i think there is a new version of it available . but i did not get an update via android market on my phone .
whether your phone is rooted or not – if it is running android 4.0 or newer , there is help built-in : go to settings → data usage tick the limit checkbox use the bars in the graph to define upper limits ( if you do not want any global limits , use " astronomical values": i have set mine to 3 gb , which never will be triggered . but you must set a limit here for the following steps to work ) scroll the list of apps below the graph to find the apps you want to restrict tap their entry , scroll to the end , tick restrict background data done . this app will only use data when it is the foreground app now , or when you are connected to wifi ( above settings are for mobile data only ) .
so far only honeycomb is a tablet-only version . other versions are used on phones , tablets and other devices ( tvs , android-x86 etc . ) .
while there are tablets that were able to munge other versions of android to be used on a tablet form factor , only honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) was designed specifically for tablets . ( and , because of some of the kludgey wizardry they needed to do for that , they have not released the source code for honeycomb . ) ice cream sandwich merged the phone-only and tablet-only codebases .
download the song and use something like audacity to edit it . save to your ringtones directory on your phone . nothing else out of the ordinary needs to be done .
download the song on another device then use makeownringtone . com to cut the ringtone and download it then move the ringtone to dropbox then on the phone export the ringtone from dropbox to the ringtones folder
the short answer is that it is different for each phone . there is no generic " install android " procedure for two reasons : unlike on a pc , where the windows installer or debian installer has drivers to access ( almost ) any pc hardware , in embedded devices each model needs a rom image specific to that combination of hardware . the first part of any installation procedure is to download or compile a rom image for the device you are going to install it on . the steps to follow to install the rom are different for each device . different devices have the internal storage configured and partitioned differently . some manufacturers may use their own tool in place of fastboot . and of course some hardware might require special measures to access it , such as changing jumpers on the board , or connecting to special pins not normally accessible . most devices do not need anything so extreme , but even in the easy cases it is important to get all the command parameters correct . manufacturers do not have a problem with this because each production line only needs to flash one kind of device . they do not actually have someone sitting there typing fastboot commands over and over again : they use special-purpose hardware and software to flash many devices as quickly as possible . only those who design the production line or work in the factory know exactly what steps they take to initialize each device .
what abaout http://www.appbrain.com/app/andar-model-viewer/edu.dhbw.andarmodelviewer also http://www.appbrain.com/app/model-loader-3d-lite/com.okean.modelloader3dlite this was let me appbrain search for you http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=3d+model
unfortunately to this moment google not provide such feature to list all our reviews and ratings from google play . but there is method to search all of ours reviews by typing to google . com phrase : inurl:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details +"John Doe"  where john doe is our name we use in google+ , but of course this name should be unique .
well , now you can remove the unwanted apps from your market website as well as from the market history . all you have to do is delete from your all apps list . goto your play store app and select My Apps then swipe the screen to your left to see the ALL apps list . just click the crossed circle icon ( pointed with the green arrow ) to remove the desired app . make sure you have uninstalled the app before removing . you can uninstall the apps directly from the all apps list as well . note : it seems that this list only contains market installed apps . ( i.e. . apps other than user installed .apk apps )
if you want them removed from the market app list of previously installed applications , you will have to clear the data in settings -> applications -> manage applications -> market . to get them to not show as installed on the market website , i would think that this will " clear " once your device does a sync and then the site processes that sync . you have no control over how the website shows applications that are installed . i would say way a few days and if they are still showing as installed , you can try contacting google about the issue .
edit : this answer is outdated , please see sid 's answer i reported this to android team , and got this reply : hi , thanks for writing in . i understand that some apps are still showing on your account even after being uninstalled . keep in mind that all the apps you download will always show on the android market website for history purposes . uninstalled apps will be removed from the android market app on your device after a few days . regards , the android market team so , that means they will never go away from the android market website . . .
you only need an unlock code if your phone was sim-locked to start with . not all phones are , and if you did not get the phone from the carrier it definitely was not .
if your phone is running fine , then do not worry about it . it is possible that they unlocked your phone over-the-air . . . sounds weird , but some companies do it with certain phones ( for example , sprint pushes out unlock codes over-the-air ) . did you buy your phone outright from the carrier ( the full price ) , or did you sign a contract ?
the shv-160k is a version of the phone only made for the south korean market . it works in the us , but only on gsm , not 3g or lte , because the us cell networks use different frequencies to south korea . ( the western half of s america uses the same frequencies as the us . ) this tells me that it should work as a 2g phone for you , but perhaps there is no gsm coverage where you are , only lte ? in that case , you are screwed and you should sell your phone to a korean on ebay .
tap the gesture button to bring gesture drawing screen . on this screen , you can find a gear icon in bottom-right corner . tap it and you will find 1st option on next screen for changing position .
on the nexus 7 it is similarly hidden , you select the gear gesture settings scroll to bottom &lt ; -- change entry location select from ( left , right , hidden ) enjoy :- )
you are right . sleep mode is something from motorola , not from android . so , cyanogenmod ( based on the stock rom ) does not have this option . it has several other options , and you just need to find something close to it . you could try airplane mode , which turns off all connections ( wifi , bluetooth , cellular , nfc , etc . . )
go to your gmail settings . most probably you can go by pressing your menu button . then select your email address , such as xxxx@gmail.com . make sure , you have notification option ticked . go below and you will see gmail sync option , make sure it is ON . now try refreshing .
i turned off the sync and turned it back on and the notifications went away .
just disable notifications in play store . open Play Store -> look for the three dot \u1427\u1427\u1427 menu -> Settings -> uncheck Notifications
had same problem . download manager seems to be the issue if you have that installed . but just click on one of the notifications , you will see app info . click on that and then unclick show notifications . it should go away .
i went into the download manager app and once it opened went to the right where it says " other downloads " and deleted them all and i rebooted the phone and it seemed to work ok . i havent noticed them coming back or any other issues by doing this as of yet .
here 's what i did with that same problem . settings More tab application manager scroll right to all select download manager force stop , and then clear data and cache reboot
this happened to me as well , but seemingly fixed it . turn off wi-fi temporarily . only seems to happen to me while connected to wifi ( possibly because my email app settings are set to only download when connected to wifi ) . go to apps list and find an app called " downloads " . choose the " other downloads " tab . check the boxes for most/all items and click delete . click the down arrow called " older " and check all remaining items and click delete . turn wi-fi back on .
you did not mentioned it is a rooted device or not . when i face similar issues i manage to fix this issue in this way . this is a permission related issue . i guess you face this issue when you are trying to update or install previously uninstalled apps . when you are uninstalling app , it remain some leftovers in " data/app-lib " directory . therefore , carefully check app that you wish to install leftovers are in this folder and delete those folders . go to " /data/app-lib/app-path ( that has this error ) /lib " and delete its all the sub folders . then delete app-path folder . if its not work you can factory rest your device to fix this issue .
i get a kick out of people suggesting downloading an app when the problem is insuffient storage and you can not download anything because of insuffient storage . the only solution is to factory reset and even that does not work when you start up again and everything is restored presumably from google servers . i have done factory resets and cannot get my tablet back to factory out of the box condition . you can still use it but cannot download anything . it can also be used for cutting onions and tomatoes .
it is a bug with openvpn connect , apparently : you are absolutely right -- server-pushed keepalive parameters ( ping , ping-restart ) are being ignored in 1.1.12 and earlier . will be fixed in next release . thanks , james by using openvpn for android ( alternative ) , i can connect properly .
i am one of the co-founders of heyzap . i wanted to clarify a few things and see if i could help . firstly this is not intentional in any way . heyzap is an in game ad network and those ads should only be showing up in the game developer we directly work with . the problem is caused by a faulty integration either by the developers or due to an old sdk , this is pretty unusual and we have not seen many reports of this . the game must be running in the background and calling our ads to show . a quick fix is to identify the game that is running and causing this and uninstall it . from looking at the process list the only two potentials i see are : net . mobilecraft . football and net . mobilecraft . realbasketball . if its easier for you , can you share your android id with me and i can ensure that you do not see any ads from us . " lost temple jump " has never published our ads as far as i know , so is unlikely to be responsible . as action points from us : we are going to look in to putting more protection in our sdk to prevent this . we are going to talk to the developer about updating their sdk and not showing ads when not in the foreground . this initially seems like it should not be possible in android but something for us to investigate . i am sure this is accidental on their part too .
is it possible that these games root my phone and started to insert heyzap banner to every other app ? no , rooting requires user intervention , there is no known method of stealthily rooting without the user 's knowledge/permission . the moral of the story is : boycott all forms of air-push like notifications and post a 1 star review for that app that caused havoc - temple run app - iirc there was bogus versions on the playstore , i remember reading it on reddit is android subreddit about this . read the permissions listing on what the app requires , if in doubt , check the reviews , and google around a bit possibly , using reddit is android subreddit and ask in there or androidapps subreddit for other 's opinions , someone will be bound to give you a pointer or two . . . to put yourself out of misery , do a factory reset and wipe the cache/data in order to " regain control " . you will lose your data in the process .
perhaps the app you uninstalled was not the one responsible for the ads . when an ad appears , immediately go to the settings app and look in the list of running apps to see if one of those is suspicious . try force-closing it and see if the ads go away temporarily . alternatively , as you have the development tools installed , it might be useful to examine the device 's log from when the annoying dialog appears : if there is any relevant log output , you will be able to see what app it is coming from .
this is due to the fact that by default non google-play applications are blocked by default in android , as a security measure . to allow these to be installed go to ( this may vary in wording across android versions ) Settings &gt; Security &gt; Unknown Sources this allows things to be installed that are not form the known ( google play store ) source . you can , in later versions , set only the inital install to process or allow any further ones to install . in android it is similar to this ( slight variety in different versions ) on the kindle it is slightly different :
open the gooogle+ photos app > touch the menu icon/button > settings > auto backup > toggle on or off to remove google+ photos from your gallery head to your phone’s settings , and scroll down and tap “google” under the accounts subheader . in here , uncheck “sync google photos” as well as “sync picasa web albums . ” once that’s done , you need to clear the application data for your gallery to reset your albums list . head to the application manager in your settings . it could show up as either “manage apps , ” “application manager” or “application settings . ” scroll down and tap “gallery . ” tap “clear data . ” once you’ve completed these steps , you’re good to go . your gallery will only show the albums that are only on your phone . much neater . remember though , if you have google+ auto backup set up for your photos , your backed up photos won’t show up in your gallery anymore , but you can still access them through your google+ account . hope this works if not then please comment ! ! thank you .
my brother helped with this link which suggests as follows : apps > settings > accounts and sync > enable / check ' auto-sync data ' option which i missed to notice . apps > settings > accounts and sync > google > email id ( you email id ) > un-select ' picasa web albums ' option . if you want to remove already synced photos then , apps > setttings > apps > all > gallery > clear data and clear cache this helped me and hope this might help others too . so , the point that i was missing and even from @blackhat002 is covered in the link - to enable ' auto-sync data ' option as pointed in #1 . only then , as a next step , one can un-check option to auto-sync photos . hope this helps others too . the question still remains - from where does android sync photos ?
yes a few parts of the rom are region-specific like support for local fonts in that region , apps that come pre-installed based on region like flipkart app in india . and few more things . even sometimes the rom are in local languages instead of english .
afaik the nook tablet doesnt have 3g support . so country specific problems are not applicable . you can use wifi wherever you want . with the kindle app or another app that supports . mobi it is possible . otherwise you can use a program like calibre in your pc to convert them to epub .
if i am understanding correctly , the google+ app sounds like it has the functionality you are looking for . within the app , press Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Instant Upload and turn the feature on . this will upload them to google+ to a folder only you can see , and as google+ and picasa albums are the same , they will be available on your picasa account as well !
you should probably use the imei . the imei ends with a checksum , whereas imei sv ends with a software version number which should not be relevant .
since you are using cyanogenmod , this may be the case with your device and it is an issue with the ril part of your device . this is a bug that needs to get reported to the developer of your cyanogenmod builds
there is nothing wrong with it . its the expected/correct behaviour of a freshly installed rom that does not have google apps ( gapps ) installed . thus , the telephony/wifi signal will show up as grey . its only when that google apps ( gapps ) are installed , then it will show up as blue , this is for ics upwards . in gingerbread , if no gapps is installed , and there is wifi connectivity , its white , when gapps gets installed , it changes to the typical green that is known under gingerbread . to resolve this , please install the appropriate gapps suitable for your cm10 rom . edit i am under the impression that gtalk application and service is part of the gapps hence my comment below to izzy about this . . . and seems to backup the fact that if gtalk service is not present , the signal colours do appear different .
for me the wifi signal turned gray and i was unable to connect to all google apps like playstore and gmail . i found out that it was because i installed freedom app and uninstalled it . so i installed it again , and in the app settings i clicked the check-box where it says " do not install playstore updates , " and uninstalled the freedom app again . now everything was fixed ! ! ! do not install freedom app ! it messed up my phone luckily i was able to turn it back easily to the state it was before .
i tried to reset phone , clearing cache , data but it wont work but now i have a quick solution on this issue and grey wifi becomes blue in some minutes . all you need is " rooted phone " 1 . install : root explorer grant supersu permission to root explorer mount root explorer into read/write ( r/w ) . go to system > etc > locate " hosts " file in etc folder . edit hosts file using root explorer insert the symbol # before the second set of ip address numbers then save the changes and exit . reboot your phone . . . wifi icon will be blue as you start your phone back and some apps like google play store , keep , etc will be start as normal . thanks .
if its connected to your computer and the usb connection mode is " mass storage " , the sd card cannot be used by the phone . you may like to change the connection mode by pulling the notification bar from top and selecting " charge only " so that it does not mounts the sd card and it remains usable by the phone while it is connected to pc .
try inserting another sd card and see if the problem continues . else , copy all the data fro , the sd card onto your pc . then , format the sd card and see if the phone recognizes it . if it does , copy back the data . also toggle the usb debugging mode - android settings > applications > development and see if it helps .
i can not think of a 3rd party way to do what you want , but i can help you with the google way . first , head into gmail and then contacts . you will see in the list of groups " other contacts " . that is everyone you have ever interacted with over gmail ( not sure if gtalk or phone convos are in there as well ) . so that is where your big ugly list is coming from . you can stop google from adding more by going into settings > general > create contacts for auto-complete and turning that off . now , this big ugly google list you have , you can now either delete completely or wade through it and clean it up . it is up to you . some entries may be useful . i do not have thunderbird , but i am pretty sure it must have an export contacts to csv function . do that and try to import into google contacts . you may have to massage the formatting a little ( this may help http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=12119 ) if it does not import cleanly . if you have gotten this far and now have google full of contacts , you may want to try and " merge " ( more > find and merge duplicates ) to see if anyone you just imported also had an entry in other contacts like a secondary email for example . so now that you have got your list on google 's server it will show up automatically on your android phone , any other android device youre logged into , as well as gmail in the browser . gmail exports contacts out to csv as well . so you could potentially keep swapping csvs back and forth from thunderbird to gmail and back to keep them in sync , but that sounds like a bit of a hassle .
android does not do that ( nor do ios and others ) . imho it is not smart to automatically try to do such a thing . it is just a coincidence that your credentials are the same for both those very different things . exchange credentials and vpn credentials should really be not the same to begin with ( for obvious security reasons ) .
i would say it is expected behavior . i mean , the big " delete " button in the gmail web app tosses the whole conversation to the dust bin . you have to dig a little deeper on the individual message to delete it out of the conversation . ( also , unlike the web app there is no option to view individual messages like a classical e-mail client . ) by the way , have you downloaded the latest gmail app from the market ? there are quite a number of significant improvements over the stock app .
the apk file is also generated in the bin folder of the project after running the app at least once . i have copied the apk file from the bin folder and installed it successfully on three different phones without any problem both copying directly on phone memory or sending it via email .
do you already have the application installed on your phone ( installed via eclipse ) ? if so i expect the exported apk is signed with a different key to the version already on your phone . android will not allow you to ' update ' an app if the signing key is different . un-install the app and try installing the apk again . if it still fails it may be that the exported app is corrupt in some way .
you can try installing the apk without your sd card . sometimes , the sd card causes that problem .
see my answer to a similar question - the problem is that within the bluetooth ad2p profile ( for stereo quality audio ) android phones are not designed to be a " sink " ( a receiver of media ) only a source . you are right in that this is a limitation of the bluetooth stack on your phone , but so far the info i have found says that trying to alter the stack comes with moderate amounts of pain and compromise . perhaps you are more adventurous than i ?
i updated my phone to motorola system version 2.3.340 and it took care of this issue . steps to update : press the menu button from the home screen . touch `settings` touch `about phone` touch `system updates`
you can use blocking mode . a feature in the samsung touchwiz devices ( i believe made available in 4.0 ) . settings -> blocking mode enable blocking mode uncheck " disable incoming calls " set the time that blocking mode should be enabled sleep until the phone rings if you still want to actually receive the notifications for email and text messages you can do the following : go to settings -> sound select volume turn up ringtone turn down all the others while these are not " one touch " , you can do the second one right from the home screen . just hit the volume button hit the button to expand the volume controls adjust the volume of all the settings
you can do this easily by using timeriffic . all you have to do is setup a new time triggered task . at the set time , you can make the notification volume to zero . after the set time you can make it change the volume back to normal level i suppose you want to mute the notification sounds rather than disabling them .
i came from blackberry too and i have used the quick profiles app on my atrix for exactly this purpose , and you can create multiple profiles . to allow phone calls to come through at night while muting all else . it is free and offers a lot of flexibility ( e . g . , settings such as screen time-out , brightness , etc . )
most android sounds are in . apk files and are a pain to edit . you have to find a way to open them , then you can remove or edit the sound , finally you have to package them up and sign them . it is much easier to use nfc task launcher .
if you did not change anything on your phone and it is still under warranty ( you said less than 12 months ) , the easiest solution would be to take your phone to a samsung service center . they might change your battery for free .
2 possible causes : faulty battery usb port defect both of these are hardware problems . to be frank , battery charging problems seldom have to do with software defects , so the best thing is to send it to the nearest samsung service centre and get it fixed , or maybe even a replacement .
it may sound really strange but the real issue was the corporate policy of mounting the the unencrypted drives as read-only . this is specific to bitlocker and there is a registry workaround available .
from what i have found on the internets is that there are a lot of people that have had issues like this with the desire hd . they all said that either formatting the sdcard in windows , or even using windows 7 to " verify errors " solved the issue . before you format , you can copy all the content off the sdcard , and then place it back after formatting .
thing is , if a manufacturer would decide bringing a new phone on the market with such an old system , he had get no license to pre-install any google apps . either your device runs an up-to-date android version ( i do not remember the details completely on what is counted here as " up-to-date " , whether it were the latest two versions , or a version " not older than x months " – but froyo is definitely out , as is gingerbread , and imho even ics ) – or no google apps . as a device without google play pre-installed is not that big selling hit for most people , manufacturers want the gapps shipping with their device . that does not leave much choice . so it is pretty unlikely you will find a device with up-to-date hardware running froyo or gingerbread . this does not keep modders from " skinning " the look-and-feel , sure . and many things can modified that way . though i have never heard/read from any modification in this direction , you might find some " rom kitchen " or the like offering it .
you should see them . this is what i see . the first picture if the menu you should be clocking :
i had a similar , if not exactly the same , situation . in my case , in the limited settings menu there was an item labelled " google account " which listed multiple accounts . as soon as i chose one of those accounts all of the normal settings menu items appeared .
in ics and jb , a menu item exists which you can use to disable mobile data . go to settings , then in the wireless and networks section , touch more . . . . next , touch mobile networks . finally , you can touch data enabled to enable/disable mobile data . if you need more fine grained control over the mobile radio , many android phones have secret menus which , among other things , allow you to control the mobile radio , e.g. you can switch it between 4g lte , 3g , evdo/1xrtt or just turn it off . in some circumstances , if you merely need to simulate a total loss of connectivity , you can simply enable airplane ( offline ) mode . ( but this takes down wi-fi as well , so may not work for you . )
try those electrostatic-proof bags like you get hard disks in - you can press buttons too . need more attenuation ? put it in more bags . go walk testing around the office . if you put it in airplane mode or the other ' tricks ' suggested - the mobile signals a detach to the network - it is a controlled clear down - not at all like driving into a tunnel . we use that to force detach/attach cycle without the long wait of rebooting the phones . usually , the only way to force an uncontrolled loss of signal is to take the battery out - not much use for app testing . engineering mode might do it - but all phones are different and may not be available . maybe the receiver can be told insert a load of attenuation or reduce gain or something . in my day job have a rf shielded box ( ramsey electronics ) with mesh gloves for manipulating the device in the controlled rf environment . . . alone it is probably not suitable for controlling the rf to the mobile alone . but then , i have direct connection to my own private mobile network with base stations , adjustable attenuators and my own sim cards and everything . . .
depending on the device there might be antenna connectors on the pcb . you could connect an external antenna to the appropriate connector though an adjustable attenuator . this would allow you to control the strength of the signal your phone would receive . still the foil would probably be much cheaper .
your phone might be connecting to the wi-fi network using a static ip ( thus knocking off whatever device is also using that same ip to connect ) , go to advanced settings on your connection and choose dhcp , that should fix it .
like keshavagn , i suspect a 3rd party app behind this . but neither your nova launcher , nor whatsapp itself . to isolate the culprit , i suggest the following steps : check with e.g. appbrain ad detector ( or trustgo , which you chose ) for apps carrying ad modules . these might include your culprit – but on a second look , that is not a typical " ad network message " . anyhow , note them down . see my answer here for how to check for apps having certain permissions . as described there , it is a " full-screen ad " here as well , so the system_alert_window permission might be involved . as it happens always on closing whatsapp , also check for get_tasks ( allows an app to check which apps are running ) and get_top_activity_info ( details on the app running in foreground ) . again , make a note on matches . keep an eye on what apps are advertized . try finding them at play ( better not by clicking on the ad , but separately – though the url behind the ad might reveal more ) . if it is always the same dev behind it , check whether you have an app from him running on your device . if that is already on one of your lists from above , you most likely have found your culprit . hard to realize , but possible while on some wifi you control the router as well : if that popup is open , cut the internet connection behind your router ( i.e. . your device is still using wifi , but cannot reach the " open internet" ) . now it should not be too risky tapping the ad ( hopefully ) . i would expect it opening your browser , which now cannot resolve the page – but you should see the url in the browser 's address bar . this might help to further narrow down suspects , if it is related to any of the apps you are using . finally , check your lists created during these four steps , and watch out for matches . if there is an app on list 2+3 ( and optionally more ) , that is a pretty certain candidate . it gets even more likely if it is also on at least one of the other lists . continue as described in the answer i have linked with item #2 . if you found out the responsible app , additionally to the steps described in the other answer , it would be a good idea to report your finding here as well ; )
this may be produced by some other application such as third party launcher . check any other 3rd party apps , mainly , 3rd party launcher that you are using . uninstal/stop those launchers/apps and check .
those " analyze board " links are coded to open a popup window using javascript . your desktop browser ( using an extension ) is overriding this default behaviour it would seem , in order to open in a new tab instead . those links are not programmed in a particularly accessible way unfortunately - if you do not have javascript enabled you get nothing . under google chrome on the desktop for instance i cannot avoid opening a popup window , it simply does not work if i choose to open the link in a new tab ( i get a blank page ) . having said that , using the default browser on android 4.0 , does open a new tab when those links are clicked - i do not get a floating popup window . i would have said that the problem is a combination of the website ( not being accessible ) and of the default browser on your mobile that is unfortunately unable to deal with this situation . can popup windows be controlled in the browser settings ? in some cases you could disable javascript on the mobile to get around this , but on this website if you did that you would get nothing ! edit : you mention that you do not have much room on your device to install an additional ( full blown ) browser . have you considered perhaps opera mini ( 858kb ) or dolphin mini ( 1,014kb ) - these have a reduced storage footprint .
( in order to comment as opposed to answer one needs 50 reputation points . ) unable to root my device i relied on a digital camera and edited to reduce byte size and to crop image to the screen . take pictures in dark to reduce reflections , use a consistent setup to avoid misalignment . ( only a few devices on gingerbreadwill takescreenshots . )
yes the min requirement is gingerbread . it is not possible on lower versions .
have you tried rooting your g1 and putting something like cyanogenmod on your phone ? cm6 is currently in release candidate status and supports 2.2 . however , you will not get all the features of 2.1+ because the g1 simply cannot do some of them ( i.e. . livewallpapers ) .
use battery monitor in settings to see what is causing the battery drain . uninstalling apps is not the solution , until you have identified that as the problem . you can either access your battery stats in settings or in notification shortcut .
diagonise apps with any antivirus or security app and see what is the reason for fast draining of battery . usually the apps which use more ram are the reasons for less backup of battery . uninstalling those unwanted apps is the solution
open the contact , click menu--> edit and scroll down . you should see a drop down box titled groups just below the email addresses . click that and you can then select the groups the contact should be a member of .
i have android 2.3.3 on samsung galaxy ace and it does not have any option to edit the groups . i am managing the contact groups from gmail and then sync . it is a standart feature on android 3 . you can use a third party application to manage your contacts . some applications have the ability to edit contacts ' groups . ( dw contacts and phone and dialer )
i found the option to arrange image size from within the email application itself ( i use stock email app of samsung s4 )
go to : Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All -&gt; Gallery  then hit " clear data " to remove your settings . note : you might also need to hit " clear cache " , and/or clear the data for your email app .
i went against the original clause in my question and used image shrink lite .
apparently , the ' google search ' app now contains large parts of the application launcher in android 4.4.4 . thus , disabling it also stops the launcher and the next reboot leaves you in a catch-22 situation . with previous versions of android 4 this was not a problem - one could disable ' google search ' without such drastic side effects . use-case : make the annoying search bar disappear from the home screen . the tricky part then is to get into the settings to re-enable the ' google search ' app . booting into the recovery mode does not help . it just reports ' no command ' . but , fortunately , you can still talk with adb ( android debug bridge ) to the device ( after a normal boot , when the 4 circle animation is playing ) . thus , you can connect your device via usb to your computer . assuming a linux system you can enter the adb shell via typing $ adb shell  in your terminal . the adb prompt is something like : shell@hammerhead:/ $  there you can directly start the settings via : shell@hammerhead:/ $ am start -n com.android.settings/.Settings Starting: Intent { cmp=com.android.settings/.Settings }  in the settings you can go to ' applications ' there swipe right to the ' disabled ' category - where you can find ' google search ' and you can enable it again . one can probably install an alternative launcher - and if that works the disabling of the google launcher ( aka ' google search' ) should not be a problem .
i recommend trying to toggle with your volume button up or down to when the screen shows " recovery " in red . press the power button once again for selection , your screen would go black and reboot . see this post for more info . hope that helps . good luck .
when unofficially modifying your phone , nothing is safe . . . but if others say it worked , give it a shot . just keep in mind that anything can go wrong , so back up your data and have a plan b for recovering your system . edit : plan b ( how to recover your phone ) : recovery software : http://www.archos.com/faq/index.php?action=artikelcat=120id=301 stock rom : http://update.archos.com/afmv1/storage//files/full/a40ti/20130922.101129/ota972121_8916_v007049.zip
right-click on that " samsung_android " and select Uninstall . then make sure the Delete the driver... option is checked , and click the OK button . this should clear out the old drivers from the system . now unplug the phone and try uninstalling and re-installing kies . reboot the pc and try plugging the phone in again . if you are on windows 7 64-bit , you may be able to bypass kies software by installing this driver ( remove the " samsung_android " from device manager again before installing the driver . )
cm6/magic here ; my phone complains at 15% . if you are shutting down at 18 , something is wrong with your battery calibration . use your favorite recovery to wipe the battery stats , get a full charge , and then use the phone until the battery runs out . your battery life will appear to be worse , but it is really that the number is more accurate .
well , for the moment i am not coming up with any solution , so i have up and bought chromemarks . i went for the pay version because i really wanted to manipulate the bookmarks on the device . if you just need to see them on the device , then the free version ( chromemarks lite ) does a fine job . i have no idea what the real problem was , but it was worth $1.99 to me to have it solved immediately ( especially since the browser 's built-in bookmarks can not be viewed in any kind of list mode - just the icon view ) .
go to samfirmware get your original firmware from there and keep the selected file in pda option in odin . do not tick any other option ; just put your handset into ' download mode ' and connect it to pc . when odin displays ' connect ' , click on ' start ' and wait until it starts flashing then ; you will be able to use your phone .
i am having this issue with a captivate running cm9 . it only happens on certain networks . i can not attribute it to dhcp/static since thats ip and it runs higher in the stack than the physical connection . only guess is with static ip the device is not entering low power state on the wifi chip , where with dhcp it may allow that . i have got some access points that show me connected clients , active , inactive , or inactive standby . certain access points/routers may disconnect clients that do not respond frequently enough ( in standby state ) . my ubiquiti unifi access points do not disconnect my phone when in standby , my ubiquiti pico2 access points do . linksys wrt54g does disco in standby , while my motorola extreme docsis 3.0/wireless router at home does not . it is consistent in each location , so i attribute it more to the access point actively dropping a standby connection versus it being something wrong with the phone .
in a nutshell : using a static ip is like owning a house . having a dhcp lease is like renting , but you may have to move when the lease is up . unfortunately , the tab 's implementation is like a renter who leaves , then tries to get back into his old apartment ( which in this analogy is a dynamically assigned ip address on your wifi network ) and finds it locked . instead of asking for a new lease , it just keeps knocking on the door , never to enter . in this case , it means that your tab will not connect to your wifi network on wake . the detailed explanation : it looks like samsung 's implementation of dhcp lease renewal is at fault here . when a device wakes up and then tries to connect to wifi , it will ask for a dhcp lease ( if expired ) , which also gives it a dynamically assigned ip address . this works fine when the tab first connects . however it looks like it never asks for a new lease and thus new ip address . instead it caches the ip address and keeps trying to reuse it . dhcp is dynamic so it means that any particular device on the network cannot rely on a specific ip . so eventually the lease will expire and/or the ip address that the tab is using gets reassigned to another device . when this happens , your tab cannot connect to wifi . so the solution is to assign static ip until the tab 's implementation of dhcp lease renewal is fixed . an alternative solution is to root your device . then you can manually delete the cached file which contains the stale ip address following the instructions at : http://steve-shaffer.com/2011/02/samsung-galaxy-tab-wifi/ ( where i learned about some of these details as well ) . this will cause the tab to renew the dhcp lease properly and live in a brand new and shiny dynamically assigned apartment on your wifi network .
changing the network connection from dhcp to a static ip address has resulted in connection stability . ( i can not reclaim my own bounty , and it would be a shame for all that rep to simply disappear , so , someone can still claim it by providing an answer that is informative and helpful in some other regard . ideally a solution that does not require using static ip , but also maybe information on why dhcp is unreliable , or even just alternate workarounds that are equally effective . or something else entirely . )
i as well have the stealth trio 10.1 and i as well kept getting dropped off my wifi so i connected my trio to my computer and kept usb off then i had to go in to my router settings go to wifi protected set up and then i had to go to my trio go to settings and then go to wifi and then there is three little grey dots on the top right corner put your finger on the tree squares you see and slide your finger down you will see three options scan , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . wps pin entry , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . advanced , you want to press on . . . . . . . . . . wps pin entry . . . . . . . . . . and you will see an 8 digit pin after obtaining that pin go to your wifi security on your router page and put those numbers in the empty box and then press enroll and just below that you will see a button that says start pbc press on the pbc button and your trio should now say connecting to wifi and it will tell you if you succeeded in connecting your device . . . . . . . . . . . . this is also known as pushing the wifi . let me be clear on one thing my router is a belkin router so if you router is a different type of router you setting my be different so dont forget to call tech support for your router if you are having trouble with this set up its worth the effort .
col , without some additional information , i can only give one real suggestion . did you install cyanogenmod correctly ? whenever installing a custom rom on a phone when coming from a stock or older / different custom rom , you need to wipe : -cache -data -dalvik cache if you go to the cyanogenmod forums , you will see this is question/step 1 in remedying any bug/glitch caused by cm . the best way to do this is to go into your phone 's settings menu , go to privacy ( or wherever htc puts it - maybe storage ) , and do a full factory reset . if you moved from stock , cm6 , or another rom to cm7 without conducting a full wipe , there is no point in attempting to troubleshoot this problem until you have . make a nandroid backup in clockworkmod , and perform a full factory reset ( whether in the settings menu or in the clockwork recovery ui ) , please . please note that i am not saying return to the stock rom , just wipe everything . if this does not work ( which i will be surprised if it does not ) , then there may be other issues .
i have used dolphin hd for some time now , but every time i try to compare its features with dolphin mini i get frustrated , there is no clear documentation everywhere . that said , dolphin mini is a version of the browser that is optimized for velocity and reduced resources use , so i came to the conclusion that dolphin hd is the right path to go if you have a terminal with decent resources ( 700mhz o more powerfull processor , 512mb of ram or more , 800x400 resolution , etc . . . . ) while the mini version is here to that ones that do not have this kind of terminals or that prefer a more faster browser even at the cost of missing some features . so with the two versions being free i choose dolphin hd if the terminal is powerfull enough to allow you to maintain 3 or more tabs open an user flash .
i was using dolphin hd for a while , but a lack of room on my internal storage forced me to swap to dolphin mini as it has a much smaller install size . i only use the browser for light browsing to a few regular sites , but i have not found anything that i can not do in dolphin mini . in my experience you might not miss out on anything if you use mini instead of hd .
google docs is a noteworthy difference . in short it seems that certain , small add-ons are hard-coded into the mini-version . the goal is to keep it simple and small - but it lacks the full add-on-featurabilty of dolphin . this difference makes mini less flexible , but smaller .
if you have a rooted phone which i assume you do since you are on cm6 , see this post detailing how to change the font of the clock on the lock screen . basically you need to replace clocktopia . ttf in the /system/fonts folder with your desired ttf font ( remember to rename new font as clocktopia . ttf ) and reset permissions to be similar to the old file . if you are willing to use widgetlocker , there is the freeware make your clock widget beta - that will , as the name suggests , allow a user to customise and create a clock widget as per your taste . you can then use this custom created widget in conjunction with widgetlocker .
under settings -> location and security there is an option for " lock screen after " where you can choose how long before the pattern is required . with this setting changed you can turn the phone off and back on and only have to swipe down . under settings -> display there is an option for " screen timeout " that should change the amount of time before the phone goes to sleep . as far as i know the swipe down is not optional .
a possible solution is to reset all the defaults : Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Menu &gt; Restore App preferences (or something, I have a Dutch version installed) 
if you are syncing with google already , most of that will automatically be synced to the new phone when you enable google sync on it .
if you are rooted , use titanium backup . you will not be able to restore some things , since the nexus one and htc magic have some very different system apps , but most should carry over . after backing up with tb , copy /mnt/sdcard/titaniumbackup/ to your pc . then on the n1: install tb , copy the folder from your pc to the same location on the phone , then run tb and restore . if you are not rooted , it is difficult to back up most things , especially all at once . i would rely on google 's backup for your list of apps and that sort of thing , as the other answer suggests .
if you are not squeamish about rooting your phones you could use an app like titanium backup . just root both devices install titanium backup on both choose the apps you want from your magic and back them up copy /mnt/sdcard/titaniumbackup/ from your magic to your nexus one ( this is the path used on my droid , it may be different on your devices ) load titanium backup on the nexus one and load the backups
for the sms messages , see this previous question : how do i backup and restore sms messages ? out of the suggestions there , i have used life saver 2 successfully to transfer all of my sms and call history between phones very easily .
the norm definitely seems to be for developers to update their app and those who have already paid for it will also receive the update . however , this is definitely not enforced in any way , shape , or form . unless you have a contract stating otherwise ( and you ensure it is enforced ) , you only get what you pay for ( the current version of the app ) and that is it . the developer can easily choose to upload the new version as a " different " app and expect old users who want to upgrade to pay for it .
yes but this is not enforced . i have not seen any android app developer do otherwise
if the developer keeps releasing updates to the app as the same packagename and you already purchased the application previously , then should receive updates for the application for free . e.g. if you went and purchased my app then you should get updates so long as i keep updating this specific packagename of the app : net.mandaria.cardashboardpro however , i could at some point in the future decide that i want more money for the application and release a newer version of the application under a new packagename : net.mandaria.cardashboarddeluxe you would not get a free update to this app , even if it is technically the same application , i have chosen to release it as a separate app in the eyes of the android market ( which determines two applications to be different solely by their package name ) . however , i could still charge you for more money by including ( optional ? ) in-app purchases or subscriptions that did not previously exist without changing the package name . carrying the same example , i could still use net.mandaria.cardashboardpro but have an in-app purchase for the " deluxe " features . most developers will not do these things to users who have already purchased their application , but it is not impossible . once such example of a developer trying to charge for a newer version of his application was psx4droid . the backlash was so vicious from his users that he went back and updated the older ( version 1 ) of his app to the newer version ( version 2 ) . he now has to maintain three versions because of this ( version 1 and 2 , plus a free version ) instead of two . talk about a developer headache . so ultimately it depends on what the developer decides to do . in the majority of cases , the developer will keep supporting the same app and you receive the latest updates for free after your purchase .
my phone will not sync if i have low space warning in my notification bar . i have cleared out the data of a bunch of apps which were hogging my internal memory and as soon as i had cleared the low space warning my phone sync'd !
you just need to clear the data for gmail storage in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications . for some reason the gmail app occasionally thinks it has synced some messages and does not re-load them from the web , so you need to clear data so it will load everything from scratch .
you can backup data in an app 's /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; folder by using android 's backup function . adb backup -noapk com.app.packagename  you will now be prompted to ' unlock your device and confirm the backup operation ' . the resulting ' backup . ab ' file on your computer contains all the app 's data in android backup format . use adb restore backup.db  to restore the backup .
i could think off two possible alerting devices like : a bluetooth enabled watch - which when paired with the phone can display incoming call alerts and can even vibrate . being a watch on our hand its vibrations can not go unnoticed . casio has one ; amazon has few bracelets ; sony 's liveview are few options . to wear a bluetooth headset always so that the ring can be heard . if that looks like working for fbi : ) there are jewel kind of bt devices like this one .
my answer here for a similar question points to the missed reminder app which appears to have an adjustable led interval setting . hope it helps .
i am pretty sure i have only seen this feature on rooted android phones running custom roms . i have seen it on some custom roms in the ' messaging ' app , but never as a general system-wide setting . i am going to say that no , this is not possible right now , at least on stock android .
this website has some audio hacks for some phones ( looks like htc phones ) . also it may not work on android 2.1+ . you have to rooted to use this .
contacts are stored in a database . if you mean the filename of the app , it is probably contacts . apk in /system/apps/ .
it is contacts . db but it is not a normal file or directory , it is a sqlite3 database in the following location which you will need root to access : data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/databases/contacts.db 
i use apndroid ( also available in the marketplace for free ) . you can easily turn data on or off with the press of a button . add the apndroid widget to your home screen to easily turn data on or off .
just kill the apn connection settings . somewhere under settings . and there is actually a switch for mobile internet . disable that as well . worked like a charm for me . if you can not find it , add the power savings widget to your home screen , it has that option
if you want to use data some of the time ( sounds like you might if you are running a twitter app ) , i would second jonathan 's plug for apndroid . once you have installed it , longpress on your screen and select " widgets " to place the apndroid widget on your home screen , and you can turn data on and off . the other really handy widget is " power control " which is nominally there to give you control over your power consumption but functionally lets you turn bluetooth , wifi , gps and background syncing on and off . wifi should not be using your minutes at all , though . you should be able to use it instead of the 3g network .
on my galaxy s , you can hold the power button for a second and a menu will come up . just hit " data network mode " to deactivate it . you can reactivate it the same way . if you do not have that , you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks and uncheck data enabled or use packet data or similar .
free space here you must distinguish between the several partitions : /system: this is mounted read-only in normal mode , and the place where " the system " is installed ( android core apps plus most of the pre-installed " bloatware" ) . no matter if it shows "220 mb available " , as a normal user cannot make any use of that " free space " internal storage ( /data ) : this is where the user installs his apps , and where all the user data reside . most crucial part , and the place where your report states "11 mb free " -- which most likely will trigger the " insufficient memory " error , see insufficient-memory ) . to free up space here , you can do things like . . . uninstall apps you once installed but no longer need ( most efficient part ) move apps to sdcard ( see app2sd ) . apps must explicitly support this ( though there are root-methods to enforce the others , it might have side-effects ) . still , parts of those apps will remain here -- unless using things like link2sd . cleanup cache ( only temporarily helps , as cache will fillup again ) internal sdcard : some devices ( not all ) offer this as additional storage . app2sd may move apps to this place . aside from that , you can store files here ( documents , media files , etc . ) external sdcard : no need to explain this one , right ? unless you really know what you are doing , you should not manually change the partitioning ( e . g . to move some free space from /system to /data ) . you might break things , especially future updates ( where the android system may need more space than it currently does ) . sdcard just a short note on that . while one should no longer " save money " buying anything below class-4 , additional money for class-10 might be " wasted " . my recommendation is to go for class-6 as the best compromise between speed and spent money . compare the specs for read speed and write speed between class-6 and class-10 when in doubt . if you still want to go for class-10 , make sure your device supports it . swap controversely discussed nowadays . depends very much on how much ( physical ) ram you have available in your device , and what kind of apps you use . i tend to say with recent hardware and a recent android version ( 2.3 and higher ) there is no need to go for swap . the android system does a good job on handling memory , and if your device has 1 gb ( or more ) ram available , i do not see where swap would improve performance . but as said , that also might depend on what apps you are using . also for your question concerning swapper : keep in mind that swap only creates " temporary data " . so with " swap broken " , you could simply de-activate it without losing data ( as it holds no permanent data ) . partitioning as said above , i do not recommend to touch this yourself unless you are really experienced with it . rather leave it to the " experts " . especially i would never make the /system partition smaller , for given reasons : you might encounter problems with future updates -- not only with newer android versions , but also with different roms , as different roms also go with different selections of pre-installed apps . file system types i cannot imagine any tutorial recommending fat32 for /data -- you must have misread that . i even doubt fat32 would work here , as it imho does not allow for the unix permissions to be supported and required by /data . however , fat32 is recommended for the " data part " of the sdcard , for compatibility reasons : it is the file system readable by most operating systems . the " app partition " usually is /data , and many roms use ext4 here ( some older ones might still use yaffs2 instead ) . but coming to that point , i am pretty sure you misunderstood the " targets " -- and " app partition " versus " data partition " is referring to the sdcard , which brings us to the last point of your question : partitioning the sdcard this is usually not required but optional , and makes only sense in combination with either app2sd+ or link2sd to move apps out of the " internal storage " ( see above ) to gain free space in that most crucial place . it might need a little additional information : some apps support app2sd to move larger parts to the sdcard . however , with usb mass storage ( ums ) , when you connect your device via usb to a computer the entire sdcard would be " moved " there , and apps as well as data residing on it become " inaccessible " to the device itself . this is one of the reasons some apps will not support app2sd -- especially when providing widgets and/or services . several approaches exist to circumvent this problem : app2sd+ / link2sd use a second partition on the sdcard . android would only " give away " the first partition of the sdcard via ums , so this second partition remains untouched , and its data/apps/ . . . stay available to the device switching away from ums and using mtp ( media transfer protocol ) instead , the card is no longer offered to the pc " as a whole " ( i.e. . including physical access ) , but in a logical way the computer is permitted to access files on it . so even while mounted via mtp , the device has full access to the card . this is what recent android versions do -- though some users might have a hard time to get it working with their os 's where it is not always supported " out-of-the-box " . conclusion : if you want to stay with ums , a second partition on your sdcard might prove useful . switching to mtp instead , there is no need for that anymore , unless you want to use app2sd+/link2sd for other reasons ( e . g . not only move the apps , but also their data/dalvik cache ) .
@izzy , you are right . i hope this will solve the problem . apt-get install ncurses-libs.i686 libstdc++.i686 libgcc.i686 
while dpkg --add-architecture i386 command is not needed in the current version of ubuntu ( 13.10 ) , it is required in the current debian versions ( 7 . x ) and it will be required in the future ubuntu versions as well . so i am going to leave it in . just ignore it for ubuntu 13.10 . sudo dpkg --add-architecture i386 sudo apt-get -qqy update sudo apt-get -qqy install libncurses5:i386 libstdc++6:i386 zlib1g:i386  update : aapt indeed requires zlib so i added it to the list . but you should not be needing any lib32 packages .
how do i know if i am off the internet after using the phone to browse ? you can look at the signal bar , the signal bar would be grayscale when it is not connected to the internet , green if it is connected , and have arrows when actively transmitting data . how do i switch off the internet after use on the samsung spica ? the phone will only connect when it needs to , such as when you are browsing or when an app needs to check for update . unless you are charged by connection time ( i do not know any carrier that does that , most critters charge by amount of transmitted data ) , there is no need to disable them manually when you are not using it . if you need to disable mobile data though , you can do that in the settings > wireless and network .
change boot sequence of computer from bios to make hard disk above removable usb media .
probably your mobile is treated as a bootable usb mass storage . pull down the notifications and try disabling usb mass storage in your phone .
yes , i have had a windows 8 phone crash and switch off with extreme frequency- got new sim card issued by supplier and phone now totally reliable . it is the simplest thing to check and it does not require you to do the whole backup and restore thing .
perhaps it could but not in this case . i am going to go with faulty hardware and here 's why . i have tried the following : action . . . . rationale full reset . . . installed too many apps and corrupted os ? full reset and reformat memory card . . . corrupt file system on mem card ? full reset and do not use a memory card . . . defective mem card ? new sim card . . . bad sim ? full reset + new google account . . . bad data in google account ? full reset + original google account but do not activate any location awareness . . . suspect gps issue in each case i can get the phone to fail in 5-45 minutes and usually within 20m as long as i am tranferring some data via 3g ( youtube , downloads etc ) . so , since i have swapped out everything except the physical phone hardware the problem must lay in the device itself . glad there is a manufacturer 's warranty
i just did this ! /data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib is a textfile containing one of two values : ' libart . so ' or ' libdvm . so ' . you can change from art to dalvik simply by editing this file . ex : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib '
if you are using a wireless router , what is the brand and model ? your device should be able to connect to the router regardless if you have internet or not . unless the wireless network was disabled instead of the internet connection . cheers .
got it - went to wifi-> advanced-> unchecked " auto network switch . " it seems to be something specific to samsung phones with android 4.3: see here
this is not specific to android . all battery powered devices ( ones with the built-in charging ic ) have this " feature " .
this must be specific to some devices/kernels as i have just tried this and my nexus 7 2012 briefly showed a " charging " battery animation before the screen going off - device then stays off . my htc one x did not show any charging animation , or power on but is showing the charging led .
there is a way to sync reminders to your android device described on cnet . the solution consists of two apps , smoothsync for cloud calendar and tasks . with this combination , you will have a separate reminder-style app that syncs with your icloud account . first buy and install smoothsync and add your icloud account to it . after this , install tasks and wait a couple of minutes for the sync to happen , and after this the setup is complete and ready to use .
are you rooted ? and if not , you need to factory reset your phone to remove it .
here is a good description , on how to do this . to cite the main facts : if your phone is not rooted if your device isn’t rooted , the only thing you can do is perform a hard reset on the device . you can normally do this under settings > privacy > factory data reset . doing this will wipe all data and settings from the device . unfortunately , if you really need to change the main google account , this is the only option unless you gain root access . if your phone is rooted navigate to the /data/system directory . tap and hold the accounts . db file , then select rename . rename the file to accounts . db . old to make a backup of the file . restart your android device . once the device restarts , open an app that requires a google account such as market , gmail or gtalk . you will be prompted to create a new account or login using an existing account . that’s all there is to it .
i believe i had a similar problem . i just bought the moto x on verizon . i linked 3 google accounts to this phone ( including my wife 's to sync our calendars . ) the phone chose my wife 's account as the primary so when i sent text messages they would be sent from my wife 's google account . solution : i went into the google+ account app , logged out of her account and then the phone asked me which one to log into . problem solved to change my primary account without factory reset .
for me , tapping menu → show more icons / show less icons ( this should be " show fewer icons " , but w/e ) does the trick usually .
are you using the stock launcher ? clearing all data from your launcher app should sort of reset your app . you can try that from settings -> applications -> ( launcher app ) and then hit the " clear data " button . you will lose your homescreen settings preferences . also , you can try using a different launcher like nova launcher or go launcher . this should solve your issue .
go in that particular contact--> press ' menu button'--> select ' history ' you will see all the calls to that particular contact . press menu--> select ' delete '
on nexus s , touch the call log detail ( yellow in op image ) to bring up contact log . press menu button to get " remove from call log " option .
if you touch an individual item in the call log , and press the menu ( vertical ellipsis ) you will see a " clear from call log " option .
press on the " contact image " on the left to bring up the contact . press vertical dots in the top right corner to get " remove from call log " ( removes all log entries for this contact ) .
shark/sharkreader in market ( tcpdump frontend )
assuming you upgraded your galaxy 5 to android 2.2 , you can do the following : to sync and see calendars from both accounts : a . if you already added your other gmail account , skip to step c . b . add your second gmail account under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync -&gt; Add account -&gt; Google and follow directions there . c . tap on the newly added account and make sure the " sync calendar " option is selected and exit out of settings . d . open up the calendar app and go to Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Calendars expand the newly added google account , which should show you all of its available calendars . keep tapping the button to the right of each calendar until both icons are enabled , and the text under the account name reads " synced , visible " , and tap the ok button . e . you should now be able to view the second calendar 's entries in the calendar app ( or any app that accesses google calendars . ) any events you create on your phone via the calendar app and assign to a gmail account will automatically sync to your online gmail account . instructions for sharing your google calendar with a friend can be found here .
there is an app called foxfi that lets you tether your phone 's internet over bluetooth or wifi . there is no need for adb etc . it is compatible with jellybean because i use it too here is the link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foxfi
if you have root on your phone , you can use wifi tether for root users . i have a droid4 with jellybean and got it working after installing the latest version . for my droid4 , the following settings worked : device-profile : generic ics/jb ( wlan1 ) setup-method : netd-ndc ( master )
you could trigger that using tasker : wifi tether : turn on sharing of the device 's internet connection via wifi . you just need to pick a fitting trigger -- i picked file events for this example : condition : file events task : wifi tether so with that set up ( specifying the parameters of course ) , you should be able to trigger your wifi hotspot ( aka " wifi tether " , as the tasker manual names it ) by placing a file -- and trigger it off again by removing the file . did not try that myself -- but that is how i understand it : )
the bootloader being locked has nothing to do with whether it is sim-locked to a particular network . it just means you can not flash a custom rom to the device ( without unlocking the bootloader ) . you do not need to unlock the bootloader to change sim to a different network , but if it is sim-locked to a particular network , you need to unlock it from that network . whether you can switch to a payg sim is entirely up to the carrier , and nothing to do with android . you should check with the carrier .
you can find it in your app drawer . some vendor named is setup , some may named wizard . you might want to sort your installed apps in app drawer and start looking from oldest ones .
google chrome application for android the google chrome application for android comes with some sync features as to allow users to keep their web-experience mirrored to other devices or desktop computers . you need to be signed in on the services screen : if you are not on the sign-in services screen , touch menu > settings > your email address to manage your sign-in options . you can adjust your sync settings from the services screen : touch sync to adjust your settings . you can either set the sync to affect all data or specify each data is intend to be synced : enable the service : use the blue slider at the top of the screen to enable or disable the service . define what is to be synced : if you do not want to sync everything , deselect the sync everything checkbox and choose the data you had like to sync . encrypt your data : touch encryption to choose whether to use your google account password or a custom passphrase to protect your data . rest the sync service : touch reset sync to remove synced data from your account . if you have forgotten your sync passphrase , use this option to reset the passphrase . note : to fully take advantage of this feature , make sure you are signed in to chrome on other devices , such as your computer or tablet . additional documentation about this can be found at google chrome support page for sync data . google web history google takes care of this for you as long as you have logged yourself into your google account on every browser and/or device you use . additionally , using history . google . com , you can manage the information stored : what i most enjoy with this is the fact that all my searches are synced between mobile , desktop and laptop , saving me precious time .
go to settings > location > mode and select high accuracy . this will ensure that the gps is used for location .
i found a simple but amazingly effective workaround solution : any . do for android . install it from google play . how it works for me : decline incoming call a missed call popup will appear from any . do . choose the send text option i think the first time you use it , you have to choose default app . here 's where you choose google voice and , bam , you are all set ! you can create custom default messages as well within any . do . hope this helps .
you should be able to go to settings> manage applications> all applications> go to your mms . apk , and reset the defaults . so long as you already have google voice installed on your phone , the next time you try to use this feature , it should ask you which one you want to use . but idk- no jb love on the htc sensation , yet .
the following may work : download an app called sms backup+ from play which backs up texts to gmail . from there , it should be simple enough to forward .
in my experience the division of texts like this has more to do with the carrier . for instance , i am on t-mo . . and texts i get from other t-mo users are never split . this is not a limitation of the device so much as it is a limitation with simplemessagesyntax
in recent android versions in order for a ringtone to repeat on a loop , mp3 and ogg files must include a label in their metadata called android_loop with a value set to " true " . if you are not using built-in ringtones ( that already have this label , ) your files most likely do not have this label in their metadata . you can use a number of freeware utilities ( such as winamp , for example ) to edit the metadata of ogg files and set this flag , or mp3tag for mp3 files .
beware : the instructions are for clean installing an os . that means all your data will be permanently lost . if your phone was previously rooted it will be brought back to an unrooted state ( whether you want it or not ) . please , remember to make backups of any important data on your phone . it will be lost . 1 . turning on usb debuging turn on usb debugging on your device : go to system settings / developer options and check " usb debugging " . 2 . fastboot you will need the fastboot tool . it is an official google command line tool intended for developers . you can follow the official instructions for installing the tool , but they are pretty complicated . if you are on mac os x or linux you should probably do what i have done and use the adb-fastboot-install open source tool . just download it , unzip it and use one of the following command line instructions ( depending on your operating system ) : sh ADB-Install-Mac.sh  or sh ADB-Install-Linux.sh  obviously while doing that you need to be inside the directory containing those files . there are plenty of instructions on how to install fastboot on windows ( for example this one ) . see also user17512 's answer for an alternative method for windows users . 3 . going to device 's fastboot mode you need to connect the device to your computer using a usb cable and then access your device 's fastboot mode : on nexus s : turn off your phone . press and hold volume up , then press and hold power . on galaxy nexus , nexus 5 and nexus 10 : turn off your phone . press and hold both volume up and volume down , then press and hold power . on nexus 4 and nexus 7 : turn off your device . press and hold volume down , then press and hold power . 4 . unlocking the bootloader execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem unlock  note : this step will remove all your data from the device . 5 . downloading the factory image download the factory image for your particular device and your desired android version directly from google . 6 . installing the system unpack the archive ( if you are on windows you will probably need to download additional software for unpacking . tar . gz files . 7-zip will do the job . mac and linux users have all the required software installed already ) . go inside the newly unarchived directory and execute the following command : ./flash-all.sh  note : this will wipe all data from your device after some time your device should reboot and boot to your newly installed operating system : ) 7 . relocking your bootloader this step is not strictly necessary , but it is a good idea for security reasons . reboot to the fastboot mode again ( see step 2 above ) and execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem lock  this worked great for me , i hope it will be helpful to other people : )
if you have windows , the excellent nexus root toolkit will automate the process that was given here into a one click ' flash to stock and unroot ' plus an additional option to oem lock afterwards . of course it will unlock and root just as easily and other advanced features . you can get it at : http://www.wugfresh.com/dev/nexus-root-toolkit/
from the reviews on that app , it sounds like they are doing part of it in their app , and part of it by sending you to the website . this may well be two separate authentications . the official google docs app is now part of google drive , have you tried that to see if it works more how you had want ? it does not ask me for any authentication when i use it .
you are right that android is supposed to be integrated . well it is , but it does not happen magically , developers need to make it so . this specific app is a beta and it was last updated more than a year ago . it is a safe bet that the developer ( s ) abandoned the project . i recommend that you install the official google drive app . it does not ask for your password and it is regularly updated . applications that can use the integrated authentication system require various permissions in the " your accounts " category .
i have just found the google play services on the play store , here . try opening this link on a desktop webbrowser and login into your google account , then your tablet must be registered to your account , right ? if it has any restrictions , the restriction will be shown to you when you try to hit install .
factory reset will delete all your data , and restore your phone as if it were brand new . on the other hand , flashing a new rom is one way to change another version ( usually to a higher version or a custom rom ) of android . in this case , data is retained , unless you do a full wipe , which is equivalent to a factory reset . a factory reset is sufficient in your case . other questions : what is hard reset and what is factory reset ?
another way to wipe is install the factory image from google this completely formats/wipes your phone ( including user data by default ) . this would guarantee that you get rid of the virus . i would suggest doing a factory reset first though as that is a simpler method which may rid you of this virus . to install the factory image you would need to unlock your bootloader ( which wipes your device in the process , the same as a factoy reset would ) . you can then run the flash-all . bat ( or flash-all . sh if you are on linux ) from the factory image zip and this should perform all the necessary steps for you
i also have the same issue on an 7" astro+ - but also there is no " people " ( contacts ) app - although it shows in settings on the apps list , is cannot be found as an icon anywhere . . . anyone else got this as well ?
here is a solution ! you need to enable screen pin/password lock . it will disable the physical keyboard in sleep mode . : )
i now have the same issue using a 7" sumvison astro+ after updating the firmware to the manufactures latest ics listed version . from what i can tell this issue has been introduced as it was not present when i first received the tablet with the original firmware . the details the device lists are android version 4.0.3 build version 9f2-d1-h2-h01-2102.20120515 baseband version 1.1 kernel version 3.0.8+ the release notes list nothing but stability improvements so no clues as to what has been tinkered with . generally the update was successful a wi-fi issue i had with streaming music has been cleared and the devices has had it is default cpu speed bumped up which makes it feel snappier , if this keyboard issue was not there it would be perfect .
probably the easiest way is to use x-parts ( formerly known as cwm installer ) .
yes you need to unlock the bootloader to flash the factory image . yes it will void your warranty but you can lock your bootloader again and reset the tamper flag to get the warranty back no unlocking bootloader is not rooting . here is the useful link . unlocking bootloader flashing factory image
i think in the usa it should not void your warranty as it is regulated by law and the manufacturer must prove you actively damaged your phone in the the process ( which would be at least funny if you are putting a google android image on a nexus phone and following the steps google itself published , for example ) . the magnuson-moss warranty act states on title 15 of us code , chapter 15 ( consumer product warranties ) , section 2304 ( c ) that the manufacturer must prove the damage inflicted by the user to void the warranty , as explained on this video . in the european union there is an equivalent ruling on eu directive 1999/44/ce
well its possible to restore any contact present on the personal computer provided your method of backup was done using a dedicated software like samsung kies . for samsung kies follow the below steps in samsung kies it provides two kinds of restore phone only restore or complete ( sim+ phone ) . at first after installation of samsung kies3 samsung kies has currently two versions samsung kies and samsung kies 3 . samsung kies is for basic mobiles as well as smart phones with android version upto android 4.1 as yours is android 4.2 above device kies 3 is suitable for you . after installation all your backup is to be taken and stored so whenever you lose data or do a firmware upgrade you will have your data always with you safely
the image shows that you have downloaded the factory image archive , but it is not the official one . i would suggest that you read the instructions on the official page , factory images for nexus devices and download the archive from there . this includes the tools needed to flash the image . download the android sdk which contains the necessary tools here you need to have fastboot in your path put your device into fastboot mode with the bootloader unlocked and connected to a pc extract the downloaded archive to a directory you should see the following files : bootloader-mako-makoz30d . img flash-all . bat flash-all . sh flash-base . sh image-occam-kot49h . zip radio-mako-m9615a-cefwmazm-2.0.1700.98 . img run the flash-all.bat file with administrator privileges ( i.e. . right-click and Run as Administrator... ) the process will flash your device with the stock rom , assuming the previous steps were done correctly .
you should be able to find them here . if they are not there then your phone is probably not actually uploading them . if it is not uploading photos check that in settings > accounts > google > " your account " > google photos is checked . also check in google+ > settings > auto-backup that it is configured to upload , there are also some settings to control when ( on wifi/charging etc ) .
i am assuming you mean your photos/music etc . that are stored on the ' sdcard ' ( even though it may not be an actual sd card ) . if so there are a number of apps that can do this . i personally use foldersync ( there is a lite version with some limitations ) others include cheetah sync and syncme wireless but i have not used these so can not comment on how good they are .
try bittorent sync . its the best i have ever used . after all its torrent .
what i have seen is this : if it is grey it is gsm . if it is black it is cdma . virgin mobile uses cdma ( black )
you can install " log collector " from the android market , it is free . it can email the logcat to an email address . i am not sure whether the log clears or not if there is a reboot though . you should be able to see something in there regardless .
first , i am an pure android user . i have never owned an mac , so i can not comment on everything . since both use ical , some kind of sync should be possible . but i would not recommend that . imap is no problem and you lose nothing . imap is supported by android 's mail client and k-9 . you do not need gmail for contact sync . i would recommend using google contacts . android 's philosophy is much about cloud backup and restore , therefore it is a feature of android . but since google can not fore the apps to use that or even force the manufactures to enable the backupagent it is not 100% available for non-google apps/devices . but if you have root and titaniumbackup , the device can easily be saved and restored completely . no problem at all here . it should work with any modern android device . can not comment on that i think that if you buy an android device you should also use the google services ( besides gmail in you case , but that is no problem . i also do not use gmail , but everything else ) . so for 1 . 3 . and 6 that is google calendar , google contacts , google docs ( now google drive , good for notes ) and google todo . if you ok with having your data within the google cloud . but the synchronization is just awesome . you can use every google service with the google webapps ( or chrome apps ) from you mac other solutions are most likely some 3rd party tools that try to build a bridge from the google world to apple . which may or may not work , may needs to be purchased , etc . there are just to many pitfalls that impair the experience .
recently helped someone figure this out for another device , and the same method will probably work here : grep all of the configs for config_android to select only those configs that enable the various android kernel customizations . rule out any that have substantially fewer matching lines than others . then examine those that match ( hopefully only a very few ) to see which mention samsung , or the codename of the device or something like that .
have you tried http://opensource.samsung.com ? there is usually a readme file in the zip that will yield the clue : ) also , is it cdma/4g/lte/gsm version ? and the specific model name ? those two are important to ascertain before downloading the right source from samsung 's site : ) i downloaded gt-i900p_ics_opensource . zip from there and the config file was u1_nfc_defconfig in arch/arm/configs . however i realized i downloaded the wrong version as the clue is in the existing kernel version - 3.0.15- i9100m . . . . which is the gt-i9100m is what you are looking for : )
it should be identical to flashing when dalvik is enabled . if the rom cook packaged up everything correctly , you should be able to " dirty-flash " the nightly builds over the previous ones ( assuming you are staying on the same rom channel . ) i would confirm with the rom author though . on the topic of wiping caches , the cyanogenmod 's installation instructions specifically state : contrary to popular belief , there is no need to wipe anything when you update cm . this includes your cache partition , your dalvik cache , and your battery stats . while wiping these won’t hurt anything , you can increase the time it takes to boot up cm after you install the update . android is smart enough to manage both your cache and dalvik cache without you intervening , and wiping your battery stats does absolutely nothing to help with your battery life ( the file is only used to provide the raw information to provide the stats and graph in settings -> battery ) – it is actually wiped automatically every time your device is charged to 100% . of course you should always have a recent backup via recovery in case things start to go wrong .
if i got your question correctly then yes yout art environment should not be changed . the script will run at flashing time will wipe dalvik cache and cache itself and will not touch your personal settings . so you are safe to flash the nightly as a dirty flash . however i have not flashed any latest aosp kk based rom but it should follow the same procedures as all custom rom does . i flashed many time dirty flash on my current device which is running on stock based custom rom and have no problem at all . i will suggest you to make a nandroid and make a dirty flash afterwards so if anything goes wrong you can restore your backup and start from scratch .
requirements a google checkout account with valid credit card ( this has no country limitations ) pre-paid sim card from supported country ( for me pre-paid three uk sim worked just fine ) steps for purchasing insert the pre-paid sim enter google account that is associated with google checkout ( account will be asked because of sim change ) connect over wi-fi purchase the wished application just download and install questions what about roaming charges ? as a rule pre-paid sims do not work in other countries , so the only way to browse the market and download applications is connecting over wi-fi . why is a sim required ? market detects your location by sim cards home country . by using a sim from supported country you are effectively faking your location . is not it required for google checkout account or credit card used to be in supported country ? it seems that not . for me these were both located in estonia and everything went without problems . what if application is using some weird copy protection that locks it to a specific sim card ? would the app not stop working when real sim is swapped in ? to prevent this kind of copy protection on locking to the incorrect sim the easiest option is to cancel the download after purchase has been complete . swap the real sim in and complete the download . if there is some kind of sim check , it can be only done after installation has been complete . where can i get a pre-paid sim card ? check ebay : ) there is no actual credit required on the sim , so these should be pretty cheap . --credit : the poster himself ( jaanussiim )
for rooted phones : there is an app called market enabler that allows you to fake which country and carrier you are on when you are browsing the market so that you can easily browse markets from other countries or carriers . using this you should be able to connect to other european markets ( i do not know which country you are in but many european markets such as uk do allow paid apps , you do not have to go to the us for them ) .
i think you had need to have a credit card that has a billing address in the us ( or other supported country ) . in europe apps can be bought by users in austria , france , germany , italy , netherlands , spain , the uk , and switzerland . hopefully the number of supported countries will be increased when google announces its apparently imminent market improvements . the recent change to the terms and conditions to allow for carrier billing and rumours of paypal support suggest that there will be new payment options in the near future , potentially for countries where google checkout is not currently available . if you can not use the official market you could use andappstore , slideme or one of the other third party app stores . the app selection and user base is considerably reduced however .
this is the minimum specs for ics : minimum chipset : armv7 and upwards , snapdragon s2 and greater , preferably . ( msm 7225 , 7625 , 7227 , 7627 - forget those chipsets as they are armv6 ) minimum ram is 512mb , ics is bigger than gingerbread rom , we are talking stock rom , ( gb weighs around 65mb , ics weighs in around 120mb ) , then again rom modders have somewhat trimmed down ics to about 90mb ) the crucial thing to remember is this , if your /system partition is small ( i define small as around 120-140mb ) then ics is going to have a hard time running in that storage space . at the bare minimum , the /system partition would be ideally 200mb to cater and give breathing space for ics .
how much more /data space does ics need in comparison to gb ? easy answer : the same . 3rd party installed apps need as much storage on both gb and ics and maybe ics ' internal apps need a little more storage , but that is negligible . most often it is just the user apps that grow bigger and bigger by time ( with bigger devices . it is the same with bloated websites as connection speeds grow ) . i have installed ics on all of my current devices and can say that it is not a big difference . i typically need 400-800mb with some games ( maxpayne , gta3 , etc . ) and consider myself a medium-to-power user ( with number of apps installed ) . so i guess , you need around 80-100mb for the minimal stuff ( maybe less ) and on top of this all that you want to install . i think the comfort zone starts at 250mb if you move apps to the sdcard and 500-750mb if you will not .
daniel ! i had the same problem after flashing it with cm 10 nightly , but after debugging on settings , i found a fix . i dont know if its a bug or what , but what i did was : 1 ) ' forget ' my network 2 ) connect to it again ( make sure your security key is entered correctly ) 3 ) if still says , " saved , secured with wpa " dont hesitate , you are still not done 4 ) on your wifi window , press your menu button 5 ) choose " advanced " 6 ) there should be a " wi-fi frequency band " choice , make sure its on " auto " 7 ) still not working ? underneath the ''wi-fi frequency band'' , there should be " wi-fi ' region code " . 8 ) i dont know if yours has a choice selected , but mines didnt . i chose , " united states " and viola . when i went back , it says " connected " and my wi-fi sign finally showed on my status bar hope this helps !
jelly bean uses pretty much the same amount of ram . there is not much of a difference . performance-wise , jelly bean is much better . it will even make phones with 512mb ram feel smooth , with some lag still , cause you know . . . . 512mb ram , but it should feel much better than ics .
jellybean will use the same amount of ram like ics . but one thing , jellybean using " butter project " , a project from google that beats lag . . so basically , the update from ics to jellybean will give much faster and smooth experience . .
512 mb ram is too little for gingerbread , let alone ics . and you are thinking of jelly bean . jelly bean is meant for phones with around 2 gb ram . ofcourse jelly bean uses a whole lot ram than ics . you should downgrade to gingerbread or possibly froyo so that phone works well without any lag and freezeups . even if you downgrade to gingerbread , you should not install more apps from google play because 512 is just enough to run gingerbread without more apps . btw , why did you buy a 512mb ram only phone ? should have purchased at least 1 gb ram phone . android is becoming a heavy resource consuming system and 1 gb is minimum the way applications are being launched . its becoming more and more bloated by the day
i think this is as designed . when an initial talk request comes in from one of your contacts , google do not know which screen you are paying most attention to at the time . once you reply to the message from either the pc or mobile , further notifications in that conversation should only appear on the device that you replied from . you can totally turn off notifications on one clienmt or the other , but that does not sound like what you are after ? to turn off notifications totally on your mobile , open the talk app , press menu then select settings , and take the tick out of " im notifications : notify in status bar when im arrives " . the google talk application and web app are blocked on the pc i am using at the moment , so can not give exact directions , but there should be a similar option to disable notifications there . see also how do gmail ( desktop ) and talk ( android ) chats interact ?
once you are in the contact list , go into the options . your sim contacts are probably filtered .
i was able to root my samsung galaxy discover using unlockroot . basically all you need to do is download this installer from their website and run it . however , the installer will attempt to dump a bunch of junk on your computer , so you need to be very careful . read each page of the wizard to make sure the appropriate options are selected . once installed , connect your phone via usb and make sure usb debugging is enabled . start the application and click the big green " root " button . you should receive a popup containing a button with the name of your phone . simply click the button and wait for a few moments . after the phone reboots , your phone should be rooted .
you should ensure that you dismount or " eject " the storage from your pc before turning off storage sharing from your device or disconnecting it . the pc may not flush all writes and properly close resources until you do that , leaving the device storage in a bad state . in windows , you can right-click the drive in windows explorer and choose " eject " or do the same from the safely remove hardware icon near the clock on the start bar : http://windows.microsoft.com/en-ca/windows7/safely-remove-devices-from-your-computer as i noted in chat , android has also been pretty finicky with homescreen shortcuts ( my sgs loses all shortcuts to apps on the sd card upon reboot , for example ) . it could be that you are seeing the same thing here , and the apps are not really being deleted .
problem is that i can not down load the file manager to do this . you can download a file manager from the browser and install it . oi file manager avaible from the web page as are many others if you search around .
this phone runs an operating system called android , and many features can be added by using external applications . there´s one app calld autoanswer , that is very complete and free . here is the info about it : http://www.androlib.com/android.application.com-everysoft-autoanswer-apia.aspx
i thought this was totally possible but for the life of me can not find anything that says it is . i was sure i had seen that option somewhere but going through the settings on my evo 4g ( similar to the shift ) i can not find anything that says auto answer . same thing when i searching around online . so it appears that there is no built-in way to set auto-answer however , there are a few apps in the market which claim to provide this functionality ( this is by no means all of them , just three from the first page of results ) : autoanswer nacm advanced telephone if you do not want to go the app route i also found these blue ant bluethooth headsets which supposedly allow you to answer the call by actually saying the word " answer " . this may be a better option than to always answering a call instead you can tell the headset when to answer or not . hope this helps
i have found that contact picture quality varies widely with the dialer/contact app used . consider trying a replacement like go contacts ex or any of the other replacements in the market .
is there a file manager called " my files " ? most samsung phones have that by default now , although i am unsure if vanilla google android on the nexus s will have that . check file size through that .
unless your launcher specifically supports it then no . some launchers allow you to easily uninstall by long clicking and then dragging to an uninstall option , some require you to do it all manually . you may wish to search for alternate launchers from google play if you really want to be able to do this .
yes , drag it to the trash can but hover there a few extra seconds . * you should then get prompted to answer ' are you sure you want to remove this app ? ' also , if the app cannot be deleted because it came pre-installed , then this will just remove its shortcut . this is dependent upon the launcher .
if you go to settings -> storage , then hit the menu button , you will find an item called usb computer connection . here you can set usb settings .
at first note that the i9023 is the nexus s ( with s-lcd ) and not a nexus one . here 's ifixit is teardown . here 's what ifixit says : the em-tech eme1511afrc integrates the earpiece speaker , loudspeaker for speakerphone and media use , and a sensor bank all into one unit with a singular shared data connector . that sensor bank includes at least the proximity sensor , a light sensor ( for lcd dimming ) and maybe some of the rest of the sensors ( accelerometer , gyro , compass ) .
the black plastic , the one that is connected with those hf wires is the phone speaker , ihf speaker . the unit i showed is the earpiece speaker and a proximity sensor , an integrated circuit . the thing is that the integrated circuit is the one with the data connector to the motherboard and the phone-speaker 's wires are soldered with two wires of the integrated circuit to receive data . my earpiece wires were cut . so if i replace only the integrated circuit , i can solder the right wires , like they did originally , onto my existing speaker 's wires . problem could be solved by soldering .
no , there is not any such facilities yet .
i ran across this by accident , but it is exactly what i was after ! hope it helps others . https://market.android.com/account and the orders tab
from the support page do users need a google plus account to use hangouts ? no , but some features—using apps in video calls , sharing photos , and using circles to control who can reach you and how—require a google+ profile . see the following for more information : hangout video call features available with or without a google+ profile and hangouts chat vs . google talk for google app users the additional information states : although google+ provides a superior experience , it is not required for hangouts for google apps to work .
that is something i would say is impossible without rooting . safe mode is for the case an app goes havoc , so it must disable all user apps ( for the havoc-app to not be started , so one can uninstall it or clear its cache/data ) . which means , in order to exclude an app from being excluded ( oops ) , this app must be " converted " to be a system app ( i.e. . it must be installed on the /system partition ) -- which only is possible with root-permissions ( or if the app ships within the rom ) .
not quite what you are looking for , but google voice will let you forward calls to other numbers based on time of day or defined " groups " of people that call you . essentially , it will " ring all the phones " you want it to and then you pick up on any of those phones . for example , you could have a mobile phone , a work phone , and a home phone . you could have google voice ring all three phones at once when someone dials the google voice number . also , us only .
i was looking for something similar and it is hard to find one that would work for android . however it is not so expensive to have a really good phone switchboard , you may use a very old computer with phone modem and utilized the land line , for example you can get an almost-for-free , an old pc computer from garage sales or bank or company that is in the process of updating their it systems , ( like a pentium ii or iii ) . then install either windows xp or linux along-side with a pbx server which you can download for free for both systems . sure it will take a little bit of time and patience to configure , the end result will be worth it , if done properly . a switch-board that will change a pc at your office to a desk phone . even , you can also have a intercom facility as well ( where users can call each other without using land line just over your lan - just pc to pc ) , even you can join remote branches or offices into one phone system . then you can have internal numbers like 1214 or of your own preference and choice , and share the one line over many users , and the most beautiful part is that there is no need to make new wires and getting phone sets ! search google for 3cx ( for windows ) or asterix for linux .
samfirmware . com or xda are your best bets . if you need instructions for flashing with odin or recovery , we have lots of questions on that so just do a search : )
you can do a recovery of firmware using samsung kies software .
you can flash rom using odin and you can download the stock rom zip from samsung firmware or you can download any custom rom zip ( if rooted ) and flash it using odin .
if all you care about is the clipboard sharing , you might want to take a look at clipsync . this app allows you to share your clipboard between multiple android devices and your windows pc : copy on one device , and it appears in the clipboard of all others . at least that is what the app description says ( all windows i have are just for fresh air and light coming in , or to look out of them ( not out-look ) , so i cannot verify ) . a 4.5 star rating suggests it works -- and it is only 150kb " big " . if you want a bigger benefit , take compro01 's advice and have a look at airdroid . it is a great app , and lets you maintain your android device from any web browser in the same wifi network really nice ( edit your contacts , write sms , browse pics . . . ) . an beside that , allows for clipboard sharing .
airdroid will allow for bidirectional clipboard sharing ( not sure if it will work if you copy , then fire up airdroid or not though ) , as well as general remote control the device .
there are several versions uploaded to the play store . i cannot personally attest to the safety or nature of them , but they generally all claim to be " pulled from the sdk " or similar . one exception is that i do recall trying the one named " android 2.3 launcher ( home ) " briefly in the past and it worked fine and was not doing anything shady ( it is review average is ~4.2 stars at the moment ) .
it means that the viber contact 's phone is on , and the viber service is running . check your notification-settings in app . is it also possible you have notifications turned off for viber via android 's app settings ? you can check by going in to settings , apps , selecting the viber app and making sure the checkbox of " show notifications " is selected .
i use es file explorer . it lets me access my home network disk drives via wifi . to test this , i opened my phone to the dcim photo area , press/hold one file , " copy to " then navigated up from the sd card , where it gave me my network connections ( which i would already browsed to with es file explorer ) . i could then navigate down to a directory and say [ ok ] and the file went to my nas i was able to view it ( or transfer it ) on another machine just fine . if you want to use wifi directly from android device to android device , then both need to be able to go into " ad hoc " mode which means something like " without a central wifi router " . i doubt that is in the " settings " but there may be something in the app store . ( sorry i refuse to use that new name google gave the app store , as i am serious , not playing around ) . haha .
you might want to take a look at wifi direct and alike . there are several apps on the playstore making use of this , like e.g. superbeam | wifi direct share ( with a fall-back to " hotspot mode " in case of wifi direct problems : one device creates a hotspot , the other connects to it ) wifishare : share files freely states it brings wifi-direct like functionality on lower version of android , it also enables to send large size files to multiple people at a time -- which i understand as it does not depend on wifi direct , but emulates it itself . fast file transfer utilizes wifi tethering to achieve the same . the description states you could even send files to an iph**e ( censored ; ) it plugs into the " share " menu . wifi shoot ! wifi direct uses wifi direct one of those should be fitting your needs : )
you could use go keyboard app , instead of the stock keypad . it has an advanced setting which allows you to pick from the following styles : : ) :- ) :^ ) :o ) go sms pro app is even better . it lets you display emoticons as cute images , but it is good only if the other user also has go sms pro .
first go to type a text , then tap the ? 123 key then press the 1/3 key twice and you will be shown a page full of emotions . alternatively , you can download another sms app such as handcent .
an alternative keyboard like smart keyboard has similar support . it also allows a user to customise which smileys are shown and to edit them . a user can also specify whether they prefer an enter key or a smiley key to be shown . long-pressing shows a pop-up with smileys . note that these are punctuation marks and not images . if the user 's sms app can convert these punctuation marks into graphical image smileys , then the recipient will see those , else he/she will see the text characters .
depending on the keyboard you are using , the sms emoticons will show up in the bottom right ( where the enter key usually is ) . if you long press on the key , you will get a pop-up of other emoticons you can use . using : ) is the same as :- ) so they wont show that one . you can send any emoticon you want , but if who you send it to does not " change it " to an image , they will only see the normal "8- ) " version .
first , in the facebook app , under its settings , enable synchronization for all contacts . open up your contact list and select the google contact you would like to merge . then push the menu button and select " edit contact " . then hit the menu button one more time and select " join " . choose which contact you would like to merge it with and you should be good to go .
for those with sense , you also can add the link manually ( i find that sense does not always add the notes tag to google contacts automatically ) . you can get the facebook " id " by going to graph.facebook.com/username instead of www.facebook.com/username ( ie : after you click on a friend on the facebook webpage , replace " www " with " graph" ) . then just paste into google contacts notes : &lt;HTCData&gt;&lt;Facebook&gt;id:12345/friendof:67890&lt;/Facebook&gt;&lt;/HTCData&gt; where 12345 is your friend 's id and 67890 is your id . sense picks up the link on the next sync with google contacts , and the facebook link is added permanently .
for making this process simpler , use go contacts . one click joining . just open go contacts and open the menu , at the menu click on merge , it would give you sort options . sort based on name , email and phone number . choose an option and it would cluster the contacts it feels are duplicates together and ask you for confirmation . you can review and decide what to merge and what not to .
that feature does not exist , the only thing i could suggest is to submit a feature request on the android issues tracker .
the cookies , for the default android browser , are stored in /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db . the problem is that other applications , for security reasons , do not have access to files that do not belong to them , like the database file . in order for what you are asking to be possible , the browser application would have to implement this functionality .
i have a htc desire , but i am assuming the menus/behaviour should be similar : settings -> language and keyboard -> touch input -> international keyboard select the languages you want to use . that should restrict the keyboard list to the ones you have specified .
try settings --> apps --> google+ --> clear data and cache it will solve most of the issues .
i had exactly the same problem , actually i have come here for the solution . clearing data and cache did not help so i have decided to uninstall latest update . it worked for the original software so i gave a try and installed update once again . now it works properly , so perhaps you could try to reinstall your update and see what happens ?
i suspect that the ' battery saving software ' might have caused the issues . did you experience these issues before installing the app ? there is a couple of ways which might help restore original settings : a factory reset might set it right . alternatively if you have a backup of your original firmware you might want to try reflashing your phone after backing up all data . ps : the name of the app you were using might help out .
alright , i went through the sourcecode and the answer is surprisingly obvious : yes , this can often be muted by simply using the volume keys while using the app or adjusting the volume of the media audio channel in the preferences . the media volume is used , regardless if the device is in normal , silent or vibrate mode . but it depends on where you bought your device if this works ( i guess ) , some devices enforce audio over a channel that can not be muted . more ( technical ) details : the camera app checks the device configuration ( system property ro.camera.sound.forced ) whether it should play the camera sounds over a system-enforced audio channel that can not be muted . if this setting is off , it uses the media and music channel instead . in case that it uses the music channel , it ignores when the device is in silent mode though . this might be a bug/small oversight by the authors . this is why you have to adjust the channel volume instead . i guess the property mentioned above is set depending on where you buy your device , since the sound is required by law in some places/countries as explained by eldarerathis in the comments .
you can install a " minimal google play " http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484
update your phone to 2.3.4 gingerbread . . . officially by samsung
if you have a htc phone , with facebook for htc sense , there is an option to backup your merged contacts . it actually use the comment field to put a &lt;HTCData&gt; tag . ( i do not remember exactly the option , so feel free to edit ) some facebook sync applications such as haxsync ( paid ) provide an option to backup contacts links informations . ( in the case of haxsync , it uses htc tags , so it is compatible with facebook for htc sense and others applications that may also use htc tags ) .
you might want to try one of the many apps written to do just this like merge+ . if that is not what you are looking for , there is also the possibility of exporting all your contacts to google and merging them by doing this : open google mail click gmail under the google logo and select contacts click on the more button above the contact list and select find and merge duplicates . . .
as far as i know , this should in no affect your app 's rating . this is something i do myself constantly with testing of my own apps . the only thing that will ultimately affect your rating are the number of stars your users give you . yes , you can rate your own app , but you can only do it once . uninstalling/re-installing should not change your own rating to your own app either .
each region has its own network-dependent versions ( with additional apps / bloatware ) . you can use the firmwares from other regions , which you can find in samfirmware , but you need to have a rooted phone .
as a recommendation , try installing a custom rom like cyanogenmod 10.1 . you will not lose your apps , and this happened to me on my bn nook tablet ( rooted ) and installing cm fixed it .
this is a known problem with the s3 . it is believed to be related to a fix samsung put out post 4.1.2 to prevent " sudden death syndrome " - where the phone would die and require a replacement . using different roms has not worked in 100% of cases . fingers are crossed that the android 4.2 release which is due out for the s3 later this month will have a fix for this , there is no evidence this is the case . it is believed that the problem is memory related , and there are apps such as dummy file generator ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.nomunomu.dummyhl=en ) which will fill up the system memory with empty files to try and force some sort of self-correction , but this is also not 100% successful . perhaps worth a go , though .
i have used this app in the past to edit my tags audiotaggerfree
i bet the files are there , but you do not have a music app that will support . flac files , so they do not show up as visible . i use one of 2 apps : airdroid , or es file explorer to transfer files wirelessly . both of these apps seem to assist in ensuring the files get to the proper place on the os filesystem .
with my nexus 4 , that directory - which shows up as Internal Storage in windows - can be located at a few different places depending on configuration . the places that i know of include . . . /mnt/shell/0/ /mnt/shell/emulated/0/ /mnt/sdcard/ most of the time , there is a link to this folder ( so you do not need to find it ) at : ( if this works , do not worry about the above directory paths too much ) /sdcard/ this means that you should probably be able to find your music at /sdcard/Music/ . another note : i do not know if the default music player supports flac audio . if it does not , then that would explain why it is not locating the music automatically .
if your phone/tablet has an sd card , there is a much easier way to do this is : simply unmount your sd card on your device and then remove it plug the sd card into your computer 's card reader add a folder called " music " if one does not exist on the sd card move all the songs/albums you want from your media player library into the music folder on the sd card ( including album art ) put the sd card back into your device , and your device reads the media on the sd card and you are ready to listen to all the music you just transferred . if you have problems during the process , read the guide below : how to transfer music from computer to nexus
i will try to answer my own question here . the short answer is : get a rom that just works ! ( no , not a room , a rom ! get a rom ! ) here is the same screenshot image of the SD &amp; phone storage menu , this time with a rom called supernova . you can find an installation guide here . as you can see from the image i now have 1.86 gb of internal storage space . no additional apps have been installed yet , except for some apps that came with the rom , and the stock htc apps that came with the phone . how-to you will need root and s-off before you continue . it is also possible to install this rom with s-on , but it will require some additional steps , for more details see the developers website . you will also need a custom recovery like clock work mod ( cwm ) or 4ext recovery . the latter is recommended . you will also need to flash stock hboot , if you do not have that already . you will find the stock hboot on alpharev website . go to the download page of developers website . download " supernova 2.4.0.1 extreme rom " . you will see at least three mirror download links . here 's one direct link to dev-host . power off the phone . enter hboot on the phone . enter recovery ( i used 4ext touch recovery ) . format and partition the sd card with one ext4 partition and one fat32 . power off the phone and take out the sd card . mount your sd card to the computer . copy the supernova_2.4.0.1_signed . zip file to the sd card . put the sd card in the phone . enter recovery and choose " update from zip " . select the file above . this will now flash the new rom . reboot the phone . first boot will take longer time than usual . when you get to the setup wizard , skip setting up a google account . reboot the phone . you will see a blue led go and off . this means data2sd is loaded and working . now you can setup your google account and wi-fi , and what not . remember , complete installation instructions can be found here . that web page can be overwhelming , especially for newbies , which is why i tried to put it in a more condensed form here . if you run into the " download was unsuccessful please try again " message when downloading apps , this means that the app you are trying to download is too big and the android market cache is too small . this problem is covered in the faq at developers website , it is question 28 . the suggested workaround involves using scriptmanager app and a script , and this must be done every time you reboot . but i have found that installing the latest version of play store ( replacement for android market ) manually solves the problem permanently . here 's a short how-to on that too . download the apk file for play store . connect the phone to the computer . if prompted , choose to mount as disk drive . copy the apk file to the sd card . disconnect the phone . go to menu , settings , applications , and enable unknown sources . start a file manager app ( i used es file explorer , but astro is good too ) . browse to the file ( /mnt/sdcard/ ) and tap it to open . you will be prompted if you want to replace a system app . tap ok to continue .
do you find any lag when opening applications or does it slow down when multitasking ? if no is your answer then it is a very normal behaviour . my phone has 1 gb of ram but more than 600 mb is always occupied and it does not lag anytime . you can read about ram management in android in so many developer forums if you had like to .
no , you can not . to oversimplify - wireless payments ( nfc , rfid chips on cards , etc ) are not a simple ' what is your card number ' transaction ( because that would be insecure beyond belief ) , they are more of a ' here , encrypt this block of data with your secret numbers and return it ' type of thing . the block of data to be encrypted changes for each transaction , and there is ( supposed to be ) no way to get the device to spit out it is secret numbers . so you can not easily clone your cards onto your phone ( if you could , then so could anyone else who walked near you ) . that is not to say it can not be done at all ( if , perhaps , you found a flaw in the way the crypto works , you could perhaps deduce the secret numbers of a device ) , but it is not something you are going be buying an app for .
while the other two answers are basically correct ( you cannot create full clones of current contactless credit cards ) , there are attack scenarios that permit creating limited clones of emv-based contactless credit cards . this paper , for instance , describes a method to clone mastercard paypass cards by abusing a vulnerability caused by the backwards-compatibility of paypass cards with a ( cryptographically ) weak protocol and insufficient checking of transactions at the card issuer side . similarly , this paper describes how to abuse specific weakness of payment terminals to create limited copies of emv-based credit cards . in combination with the new host-based card emulation ( hce ) feature of android 4.4 ( or the host-based card emulation functionality of cyanogenmod 9.1 and later ) , you can emulate a pre-played credit card with your phone . however , you have to keep in mind that both cloning methods are attack scenarios and can lead you into serious legal issues ; - ) moreover , at least the first attack will quickly render your original credit card unusable due to draining the transaction counter .
the nfc hardware in the nexus s and the galaxy nexus is technically capable of emulating an nfc tag such as a contactless credit card . this is exactly how google wallet works . however , cloning an existing card is not possible , due to how the authentication process between card and payment terminal works ( based on secret cryptographic keys ) . so the simplest way to accomplish what you want is to install google wallet on the phone ( it comes pre-installed on the nexus s 4g , there are various tutorials available on the web for plain nexus s and galaxy nexus ) and load up some money in a google prepaid card and off you go to have a coffee .
nova launcher apex launcher trebuchet ( cm9 's official launcher ) as far as i know , you must install all of these to /system ( which requires root ) in order to have widgets appear in the app drawer , and trebuchet does not support being installed to /data at all .
i would recommend installing installing " mybackup pro " from android market and backup everything to the sd card or internet , via 3g ( or similar ) . then i would do a hard reset of the phone . i guess it would be something like : settings -> privacy -> factory data reset . if this doesnt work , i would reinstall to a standard rom with the usb cable connected to a computer . if it still doesnt work with a standard rom , there might be a hardware problem . if the standard rom works , you can try to install the newest version of cyanogenmod .
i know this is an old topic , but the solution is to set a static ip in advanced wifi settings . my blade did the same connect/obtaining ip address/disconnect thing and after some research i found that it depended on the rom/router combination . for instance with cm7 and the bt homehub 2 router a static ip was needed , but with the blademix365 rom it was not . cm7 was fine with netgear routers . i think its to do with the network stack baked into the roms , some routers have very flaky dhcp software and just dont work with dynamic ips from some roms . hope this helps . . .
the gmail app already appears to do this on a per-account basis . simply open an account , then navigate to (Menu button)-&gt;More-&gt;Settings-&gt;Select Ringtone . this works fine on my version ( 2.3.4.1 ) and allows me to set a different ringtone for each account . you can also use this to cause some accounts to provide vibrate/audible notifications while others do not . for example , my work account is set to vibrate " for all notifications " , but my other accounts have their vibration set to " never " .
have you tried downloading a new language ? go to swype 's settings in Language and input ( or keyboard settings ) . then , go to Languages &gt; Download languages . you should see Francais (AZERTY) .
if you simply want a fresh installation and no update , then a factory reset would be sufficient .
it is a problem with your router . after android successfully connects to a wi-fi network , it tests to see if it can use this network to access the internet . this is because it is commonplace for wi-fi networks to redirect all requests to some kind of login page , until you have logged in . the " sign-in to wi-fi network " notification is nothing to do with authenticating to the network itself : it appears when android detects that the network is redirecting requests . given that you have said any page brings up this 404 error page from your router , that fits perfectly with the fact you are getting the notification . the fact that the router will not give you pages from the internet is the root problem : it is nothing to do with wpa or anything like that . does the 404 page tell you anything helpful ? perhaps the router is set up with a list of devices ( by mac address ) , and the new device is not on the list so the router will not give it internet access .
try bluetooth tethering instead . benefits : consumes less power , you can leave bluetooth enabled 24/7 . works out of the box . drawback : bt 2.1 may cap your maximum umts speed ( usually not an issue on the go ) . there are two profiles for this to tether via bluetooth : bluetooth pan : supported by android 3.0+ out of the box . see wikipedia entry for more info on pan profile . bluetooth dun : needs 3rd party app like bluevpn ( ics version here ) . see wikipedia entry for more info on dun profile . stock android 3.0+ and custom roms like cm should support bluetooth pan . your nokia e71 supports only dun profile ( archos users can enjoy added dun support out of the box however ) .
your friend is teasing you . my guess : he has got imei from your device and said that he has got that from wi-fi . wi-fi adapters do not broadcast imei number . if he is still saying it confidently , just ask him the app name and tell me . i will investigate . update : i was expecting app name here in comment of the answer . you have put that in question which did not ping me . anyway , now i would ask you to show screenshot . fing does not show imei no . ( even if wi-fi adapter is broadcasting it ) . its available for android too . you can try .
your friend was pulling your leg . fing on idevices is for network analysis . you cannot get an imei number via wifi . he was more than likely showing you your mac address of the wifi adapter built into the phone . an imei is located under the battery on your phone and is usually a 15 digit number . its used to authenticate the phone with your cell phone provider . its not an easy task to clone it , if possible at all . a mac address is a hardware address for network adapters , its 12 digits in hex , and usually separated with a colon ever 2 digits ( eg . 00:01:4f:6d:e9:a1 ) a full description of fing is available here : http://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/fing-network-scanner/id430921107?mt=8 it states nothing about imei , only mac .
i do not know how one would garnish the imei information over wifi but what i would suggest is ask your friend what application they were using and then try to find an android version of it . the developer that makes the ios application might make an android one , too .
i do research on li-ion batteries . why batteries fade over time is still an issue that is unknown at the fundamental level . what i can tell you is that there is a solid electrolyte interphase ( sei ) which forms upon the first charging cycle . this sei protects the negative electrode but it is suggested that the sei leads to fading over time . if you fail to charge the battery fully the first cycle , the sei will not fully form and may lead to fading over time . i have experienced this and i really do not think it is a myth . there is so much info out there . if this is a myth or not nobody will ever know i will tell you this for sure . p.s. read that ' battery university ' page . total b.s. read some current scientific papers on the issue .
li-ion does not need to be fully charged , as is the case with lead acid , nor is it desirable to do so . in fact , it is better not to fully charge , because high voltages stresses the battery . choosing a lower voltage threshold , or eliminating the saturation charge altogether , prolongs battery life but this reduces the runtime . since the consumer market promotes maximum runtime , these chargers go for maximum capacity rather than extended service life . source : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/charging_lithium_ion_batteries
that recommendation from the seller was true for old batteries , and it seems they still keep saying that to customers ! nowadays , batteries are often Lithium-Ion or Lithium-Polymer and such batteries ( as i have read many times and based on my own experience ) would be stronger if you charge them often . the first time charging and " wait-until-full-discharge-before-recharge " and " do not-use-when-charging " are not applicable to these modern batteries . li-ion and li-polymer batteries , if charged often , after about 1 month , would reach to their maximum performance , and you are recommended to charge them every time you find an outlet ! in stock help application of my sony android device , in a section about battery life , it reads : charge your phone often , this will not affect the lifespan of the battery .
yrajaby is right . other things you have to keep in mind : follow the instruction about the batery temperature range do not keep your battery completely discharged for long periods of time
some people have successfully installed cyanogenmod on top of 4.3 ( with knox ) . refer to the official installation guide , which includes installation on the phone and on the pc .
check that you have usb debugging ticked in developer settings . if that does not work i would uninstall all the drivers relating to your phone and start again from scratch . note that the drivers that are needed while in fastboot can be different to the drivers needed for normal data transfer . i have had all kinds of problems relating to this a with my htc one x .
the specs for the device state it does not have gps . gps : no google maps is using ' best location source ' for you which is network / wifi signal on your device . if you have all of them turned on it will revert to the most accureate one it can find , which are in the order Network &gt; WiFi &gt; GPS generally . basically google maps is not using gps for you , it just is not giving you an error message . the prestigio site does not mention gps at all . this link is not in english but mentions no gps in several reviews . e.g. trocha ma štve gps , ktorý telefon nema it annoys me the phone has no gps . another quick translate turned this up : i was disappointed inability to run the gps . neither the manufacturer 's website is not clearly stated whether the gps is present or not . due to the navigation application on the phone , i assumed that it will run . unfortunately , the opposite is true . i would therefore asked how the gps is really whether it is hardware gps device in the phone is present and could be a problem installing the software and possibly what . thank you
bedside best app . runs as a clock at night , only thing that will make noise are phone calls . love it .
i am surprised nobody has mentioned sweet dreams for android . its a free app and can pretty much do everything but tuck you in at night and make eggs and bacon in the morning : switch your phone to slient mode automatically during preset times those preset silent times can be overridden if your phone detects noise ( i.e. . you are still awake ) it has an alarm feature that can wake you up as well this app was the winner in one of the android developer challenges as well . more info : http://www.androidguys.com/2010/02/11/adc2-winner-sweetdreams-hits-android-market/
timeriffic is fantastic for this purpose , it is also on f-droid . org .
you can set the alarm to be active during ' silent mode ' , but that would eliminate calls . also , you can download tasker or locale from the market to create custom profiles based on time . these two apps ( and i am sure there are others ) are extremely customizable and you will be able to set up profiles exactly like you mentioned .
a new app i have been using is silence ( free , but you can pay to get rid of the ads ) . it is really pretty simple to set up . you simply add a new event , give it the start and end times , optionally set it to repeat on which days and set your " toggles " . it can toggle more than sounds , though : ringer + notification media alarm airplane mode wi-fi bluetooth mobile data you can toggle off any or all of those . another nice feature is that you tell it what to do with the toggle when the event ends : change back ( to whatever it was set at before ) do nothing silent ( for sound toggles ) vibrate ( for sound toggles ) set a volume level ( for sound toggles ) turn on/off ( for system toggles ) i particularly like the " change back " setting . if i have already silenced the ringer manually , i do not necessarily want it to come back on when the event ends . they also recently added the ability to tie an event to an event in your calendar . i use this to set my ringer to vibrate and turn off wi-fi during the times i am ( generally ) commuting on the train ( because i sit in the quiet car and there is no wi-fi available ) . i also use it to turn off the sound on my tablet during the hours i am likely to be asleep .
samsung devices running jelly bean have this functionality built in-in the form of blocking mode , which will allow you to shut off notifications , alarms , incoming calls , and alarms ( any or all of the above ) for whatever space of time you select . for the incoming calls ( and sms/email notifications ) , you can also select whether to block all calls or allow some numbers through .
even easier with tasker : create a profile called silentmode set it to be active between 23:00 until 09:00 now , add a task , call it muteaudio , with a tasker 's function called ' silent mode ' , set that to on that is one profile created . now to do the opposite logic . . . create another profile called normalmode set it to be active between 09:01 until 22:59 now , add a task call it soundon , with a tasker 's function called ' silent mode ' , set that to off now , both tasks will be activated depending on the clock on the device : )
or . . . you can use the simplest solution . add the power control widget at night , turn off the data sync widget ( fourth from the left , between gps and light ) no email or other notifications will make noise . in the morning , just turn it back on and you will get all your notifications .
another alternative is one of the original taskers : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.cooolmagic.android.toggle5feature=search_result ( the lite version ) https://market.android.com/details?id=com.cooolmagic.android.toggleprofeature=search_result ( paid version ) have being using it since android 1.6 .
no widget necessary . i turn off auto sync and turn the volume down to vibrate . i have a sleep tracker app called wakemate on my phone and the alarm still goes off , even when the volume is turned down to vibrate ( using the button on the side , not in settings ) . to turn off auto sync , i press ( unselect ) the icon that looks like a refresh symbol on the floating toolbar . if you removed the toolbar , you can turn off auto sync by pressing settings > accounts and sync > auto-sync ( clear the check box ) . it prevents the phone from going to get your email and so on . turn it back on when you wake up and turn up your volume and you will soon hear the familiar downloading of emails , text messages , twitter updates , app updates , whatever .
i use llama to achieve this . it is free and very flexible and can control a lot of other settings too . it uses nearby cells to identify your location , so it is not as accurate as others that use gps , but does not require the gps to be on in order to achieve location based profiles .
stock sys volume settings : alarm vol up ringer up notifications down sys vol down you can use quick settings to quickly change these settings or quick profiles to create profiles for one click profile switching . i use this last option and have 2 shortcuts on my home , one that turns on my bedtime profile and one that turns on the daytime profile .
applanet is that rather shady-looking place that claims to let users download and install ' thousands of free and paid apps ' for free . since the original authors of the apps have little say in whether their app appears on the site , i think it is fair to say that all bets are off when it comes to the apps ' integrity . also bear in mind that it is recently been proved entirely possible to download malware from the official market ( google blog entry ) . so , in summary : impossible to say , and , yes .
there is currently no app like this that i am aware of . however , you could ask the app developer of the app you are using to allow pictures to be taken from the gallery , and not only a new picture - this is very possible .
i am afraid that if the official skype app does not work then you are probably out of luck . skype do not let third party applications use their service , so you are unlikely to find anything that works . i suspect the issue is down to the cpu speed of the htc wildfire , which is only 528mhz . it is likely that the processor simply can not keep up with the demands of the application , which is why you get the stuttering , and why performance is the same on other wildfire 's . unfortunately you may have to stick with your other voip application . edit : there are a lot of posts on the skype support forum where people are complaining of poor performance on the htc wildfire . the skype rep does say they are aware of it and trying to improve performance , so you may just have to wait for an update to the application sometime in the future .
i believe it is the cpu speed . the htc wildfire has a cpu speed of 528 mhz . the skype app is only supported on devices with a cpu clock speed of 600mhz or greater . see the section on ' what do i need to run skype on my android phone ? ' https://support.skype.com/en/faq/fa10653/how-can-i-get-skype-on-my-android-phone
if you are just talking about files , i would take a look into ftpsyncx or foldersync . i can only talk for ftpsyncx , as i am using it myself -- but most of the following should be valid for both apps : you can setup directory pairs ( one on your device matching another on your pc ) , and have them sync bidirectionally or unidirectionally . you can configure the sync interval : globally , per server , or even per directory-pair . you can even tell it to only sync when you are in your home wifi , or only when you request it ( via widgets , from within the app , or even event-based controlled by tasker . if this answer did not catch your intention , feel free to comment , ask , or update your question : )
i used to have this problem on my motorola droid 1 . i used tasker to " stop music " on certain headset events . see my answer here .
this is a known bug in android ( even in certain eclair systems ) . there is a widget called headset blocker that when added to any of your homescreens and activated prevents the music player from playing whenever you unplug your headest . freeware and it works . see if it helps .
since you mentioned motorola in the question , this might be your problem : the droid and milestone were having this problem on android 2.0.1 or less . it was corrected on android 2.1 . so update your phone to the latest version and it should be corrected .
a good resource on questions like this is the tasker userguide ( link goes to the " actions " page here ) . quoting : menu show a selection dialog and perform a different action depending on which item the user selects . sounds like exactly matching your purpose , though i have not tried it . you can even specify a default action , which then would be executed on timeout as well ( i.e. . when you did not notice the menu " in time" ) . the menu element belongs to tasker scenes . please refer to the userguide index and check the " scene " section for closer information , if needed . you should be able to combine ( or wrap ) this with an if statement in case you only want to be asked on a given condition like " display on " .
the widget in the middle is the " android and me rss widget " . what you see is basically the sense ui . you may try the accuweather widget for the weather . but it will possibly not look that shiny .
mru is right about the android and me news widget . based on the dock at the bottom i would also say mru 's right about that being the sense ui as well , which means the clock and weather widget is stock , but you can replicate it with these : weather forecast and clock widget beautiful widgets i have the fancy widget but it is no longer available because htc thought it looked too much like their widget ( you could probably find the apk out there somewhere ) the battery widget is called . . . battery widget . also , you may be able to get those sense icons by using the sense ui icons app for pandahome . the wallpaper is his own formated for a g1/hero ( 640x480 ) . more on sizing wallpapers for specific android phones .
you can get this functionality with these launchers : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sudomakemeanapp.sudoquicklaunch http://www.droid-life.com/2013/01/23/lmt-launcher-brings-pie-goodness-without-the-custom-rom/
i guess it has to do with what you had on your device installed right before you wipe and flashed a new rom . google remembers last apps and all
make sure you have checked automatic restore and backup my data in settings> backup and restore . and also sync your google account right after a reset . you will notice that all of your apps are reinstalling in the background . hope it helps .
i think i did it . i tried to delete the folder /storage/sdcard0/android/data/com . google . earth but even with root/su i was unable to . so i renamed it and it was renammed successfully . next time i opened the app it worked . but i still have a folder of 13mb that i can not delete . suggestions ? update : i found this that suggests : i see in mount points something that gets my attention /dev/fuse on /storage/sdcard0 type fuse (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,user_id=1023,group_id=1023,default_permissions,allow_other)  here you can see that /data/media is mounted with specific user and group id . i discover by executing ps and id commands that 1023 id belongs to media_rw user with wich the /data/media folder is mounted . i think login as media_rw user should do the trick but what i did in order to delete the folders was : login as root ( unnecesary if connected via ssh with sshdroid ) su mount /system with write permissions mount -o rw,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system run sdcard command again ( as root ) /system/bin/sdcard /data/media 1023 1023 go to /data/media and delete the unwanted folders ( let 's say they are called . trash y . garbage ) rm -rf .trash .garbage mount /system with read only permissions again ( for security reasons ) mount -o ro,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system check that the folders does not exists ls -lsa /data/media/ the output must be something like this ( no . trash or . garbage folders in here ) this may solve other problems like this .
converted from my comment , as there were no other answers : the apps you name most likely need to access your phone number , or using sms to unlock their features – but your tablet cannot provide such , as it has no telephony functionality . you could try , however , to install them on your phone , extract the .apk of the apps with e.g. appmonster , and side-load it to your tablet . while this way the apps might install , they might still have problems running ( without being able to access your phone number ) , or even might refuse starting up at all .
install sip user agents on both phones and pc . you can use sipdroid or csipsimple for android and a softphone program like x-lite on the pc . note that you need to set up local accounts when configuring the software . you can then call other parties on the local network directly by their ip:port . if you do not want that , you need to install a full blown voip proxy like asterisk .
this app can share files over wifi by providing access through a browser websharing
file expert app can do this using both http and ftp .
easy and simple way is just download application wifi file explorer which is free in android market . it enables you to connect to your phone via wifi . the app gives you the local ip and port for your phone that you can type into your browser from your computer . for example : if ip is 10.0.0.1 and port is 8080 , write down "10.0.0.1:8080" in your browser then you can view your files over your wireless ! and with the paid version , you can download whole folders and send files to your phone : )
you basically answered the question . a widget is a ' view ' on an application that will update and can be embedded in apps like the home screen . a ' program ' in the home screen sense is a static link to an full-screen application startup . see the first para of the android developer docs for more details about what a widget is : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/appwidgets/index.html
generally , phone manufacturers will not allow you to downgrade for various reasons . the stock recovery does indeed validate the update image , so that it is of a greater ( or same ) version than the installed system . with the nexus one being a developer phone , you can unlock the bootloader and replace the recovery image with the one that does not perform this check , and will allow installation of any image . the caveat is that unlocking the bootloader voids your warranty with the carrier ( and sometimes the manufacturer too , ) and wipes all user data off the device . unlocking the n1 is dead easy . just install android sdk and the usb drivers ( located in " google-usb_driver " directory . ) then restart the phone in bootloader mode by shutting it off and powering on while holding down the trackball , hook it up to the computer via usb , and in command prompt issue the following command : C:\&lt;path to Android SDK&gt;\platform-tools\fastboot oem unlock . you will be presented with a confirmation screen with further instructions . upon successful unlock , you can flash a custom recovery that will allow you to install any custom rom , including downgrade to 2.2 . x stock version of android os . to flash clockworkmod recovery , download the latest version for nexus one from here , reboot into bootloader mode ( power on while holding the trackball down , ) and in command prompt issue command C:\&lt;path to ANdroid SDK&gt;\platform-tools\fastboot flash recovery C:\&lt;path to downloaded img&gt;\recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-passion.img reboot to bootloader mode again , and then use the volume keys to highlight the " recovery " option and press power button . you are now in clockworkmod recovery , and can flash any custom roms via the " install zip from sdcard " option . here is a " stock " 2.2.2 rom ( with root ) off xda-developers forum .
the sony liveview may fit the bill .
go into settings and there is an option for " shutter sound " . you can choose between three different sounds and off . i am assuming you mean the galaxy s and not the galaxy tab . click images for larger variants via droidbar . net
i had the same problem - but discovered that i had system volume turned right down in settings/sound/volume : )
yes , as far as i remember , google music is incompatible with google apps . have you tried using a normal google account ? i know , huge pain in the ass to use another account , but i think that might be the solution :/
unless the website specifically supports touch screen , there is no way to do so . unless the website uses a wrapper library like certain jquery plugins that can abstract the differences , the javascript code used to support mouse based drag and drop and touch screen drag and drop is quite different and incompatible with each other .
the cyanogenmod wiki has some info on this . basically , their old version of apps2sd ( now called apps2ext ) required an ext partition on the sd card . their current version does not require partitioning , it is just a matter of overriding the preference of the app and moving it to the sd card anyways . since froydvillain is based on cm6 , you do not need to format your sd card ; cm6+ uses the new apps2sd , not apps2ext .
your phone settings cannot possibly affect the strength of the signal produced by a wireless router . i would assume that this option just prevents wi-fi " sleep " , seemingly confirmed by this discussion . if that is the case it will consume more power when you are not using your phone .
are you willing to consider changing your default music player ? if so , doubletwist is a great itunes-like desktop/android app that allows you to sync and play everything all in one place . best part is that it is free ( everything but their wireless airsync ) .
the beyondpod podcast player will download new podcasts directly to your device , on a schedule . for example , i have it run every morning to look for new podcasts . and , it can be configured to " share podcasts " with the default android music player . i have never used the share-with-default-player feature , so i can not really comment on how well that works in practice . but the basic podcast management and download features have all worked nicely for me .
go to Settings -&gt; Date and Time and ensure your time zone is properly set . this should be enough , but you can also check Automatic or Use network time or similar to ensure it picks up the proper time .
yes , it works if your phone is set up correctly . this is not an iphone . . . daylight savings already changed in other parts of the world , y'know .
if you have got your time zone settings set correctly then yes , it should be fine . if you are in any doubt you can set it to automatically pick up the time from your network .
you can do a factory reset . to do this you press the vol up and power key together . if that wont work , try the vol down as i may be wrong . you should at some point of messing with the buttons get a broken android picture of the robot . then you play with the buttons and get to a menu that has " factory reset "
thanks you all for your answers , i have no idea what happen but yesterday i updated like 15 apps and now the icon is gone . i dont know which app made that happens but the good news is that its gone : ) just fyi it did not act like a regular app icon , it did not gave the option to see " app info " or " remove " it was staying in all the screens no just in one . and when it was press it opened a search that when was press to search was searching on google . any way , thank you very much greetings iair
i have not seen any setting to change the font size . however , you can pinch-in and pinch-out to zoom .
google talk is available for most android versions , and in fact is pre-installed on all google-authorised android devices that have the android market and gmail installed ( because both of those apps rely on talk to do their authentication and communication ) . it may just be called " talk " on your device rather than " google talk " or " gtalk " . if you are talking about google voice , then that app is available to all devices using android 1.6 and higher , but you can currently only use the service within the us . skype use is blocked by some phone networks , but is generally available otherwise if you are outside the us , see this previous answer for some of the options .
i do not have an htc desire - but on my htc evo in the sound settings there is an option to turn on " haptic feedback " . ( settings , sound , under ' feedback ' - i am guessing since they are both htc they will be similar ) its says : vibrate when pressing soft keys and certain ui interactions edit : emphasis mine if this is the setting that you have enabled then i think the functionality you are describing is correct since my phone only vibrates on soft keys and certain things like moving icons or widgets on the home screen . clicking icons does not vibrate .
as long as the phone has a vibrator ( and you mention it does ) , then it should work , unless htc modified their flavour of the android software . go to ' settings'-> ' language and keyboard ' -> your keyboard ( often ' android keyboard ' or ' touch input' ) -> enable ' vibrate when typing ' ( in case of ' touch input ' this is in a ' text input ' submenu ) . the real ' vibrate ' ( on call ) function as you know it from your old feature phone is at ' settings ' -> ' sound ' -> ' vibrate ' .
this menu button is a backwards compatibility feature . it is displayed on all apps that say they are designed for a version of android from when android devices had physical menu buttons . ( that is froyo or earlier . ) the android system can not tell whether such an app needs the menu button or not , so it has to display it to make sure the app is usable on newer devices without the hard button . if the button annoys you , contact the author of the app and ask them to update their " target version " . they can do this and still be compatible with older versions of android .
i had the same problem . the menu would not respond in gallery , setting , and some other applications . the restart did not work . i tried closing all the application by double-tapping the home button and then reopen them again plus using ' clean master ' app . this seems to work ( sometimes ) tho . do not really know why , but for me it helps .
according to an article at maggo ( german ; google-translate variant ) you can use carddav-sync for this : start the app select " create new account " fill in the settings : servername : contacts . icloud . com use ssl username : your icloud user password : your icloud password hit " next " . the app now checks the entered data on the next screen , you do not need to change the account name . check " sync from server to phone " tap " finish " , and your contacts should be transfered from icloud to your android device . carddav-sync setup : step 3 and step 5 ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant )
after weeks of having this problem , i figured this out . in system -> apps , under the google play music app , i had " show notifications " set to not display . doh !
create a new android project . in your activity 's onCreate() method write this code String url = "http://www.your-link.com/; Intent i = new Intent(Intent.ACTION_VIEW); i.setData(Uri.parse(url)); startActivity(i);  it will open an intent and show you all the browsers installed in your device . just select any one and that will do . chears ! !
bookmark the page in chrome for android . go to your bookmarks , long-press on the bookmark , and click " add to home screen " . source : http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-57416489-285/how-to-add-chrome-for-android-bookmarks-to-your-home-screen/ works on my galaxy s4 and nexus 7 .
this app allows you to set duration of vibration vibration notifier makes sure that you don’t miss important email and sms messages this app allows to have settings based on conditions such as in a dock with locale and the dock plug-in condition , your phone can automatically perform actions based on whether it is docked in the car , desk , or undocked . automatically launch an app with the shortcut plug-in when docked at home , enable bluetooth in the car !
tasker can also be used to perform actions based on conditions .
after enough frustration with this issue i actually moved to a custom rom . this mainly happens due to rotation as mentioned by colin i used to face this issue when i had the phone in landscape mode , in an app and then locked the phone ! when it came back on there was major juggling and it used to end up this way ! software fix : pray that samsung fixes it ! or get a custom rom ! temporary fix : 1 ) dont lock your phone without exiting an app in landscape mode sorry but this was what i used to do , given s2 is a pretty old phone i highly doubt an official fix for it .
my best guess would be an issue that is causing part of the render process of slide lock to take place in landscape mode . i have no idea why that would happen although i have had some strange screen rotation issues with my nexus 7 and a factory reset did indeed fix it . but since you do not want to turn to that here are some suggestions : -try locking rotation on your phone ( unlocking when needed ) -switch your lock screen to pin or password ( there error could be isolated to the slide password ) . -upgrade to a new version of android using kies ( it should be available ) let me know if any of those work out
factory reset is the only solution . at the very least it will exclude software issues .
no . although the keyboard can pair with multiple devices , it can only be connected to one at a time . you can not fix that with software that runs on the tablet .
recovery sd so i found a pretty good tutorial that shows you how to make a bootable cwm recovery . it was written for the nook color , but i will help you through it . source : http://androidforums.com/nookcolor-all-things-root/327798-guide-how-make-bootable-cwm-clockworkmod-twrp-bootable-sd-card-06-04-2013-a.html you need an sd card obviously , the guide says 1 gb is good enough . to be honest i am not even sure if you can buy a 1 gb sd card at a store anymore ( you can most defiantly get them online but do not waste your money ) . just go to the store and pick out the cheapest 4 or 8 gb sd card , they are pretty cheap these days . you can get them online if you want to save a couple bucks but i do not think it is worth the wait . download a bootable image file . this is what your android device is actually going to boot up onto . make sure you find one that matches your device . you need software to burn an image to an sd card . if you have mac osx or ubuntu you are in luck because those systems come with software to write images . if you are a windows user , you can just download some software . if you do not know how to do this , just check the tutorial , their instructions are pretty good . if you did all of the steps correctly , you should be able to plug the sd card into the device and it should boot from sd automatically . adb over wifi i am not sure if this will help you , but maybe it will if you could not get the recovery sd card working . you can use adb over wifi to talk to your android device . here is a guide to get you connected to adb over wifi : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1685736 from there you can push a custom rom to install over your current one ( which could restore your usb connectivity ) .
ok , i fixed it ! the problem was apparently the version of the flac files . the bad files had version 1.1.1 , the good ones had 1.2.1 . so i used foobar the convert the bad files to version 1.2.1 , replaced the bad files on the sd card and then their artist showed correctly !
the rootfs ( / ) as well as /system have to be mounted with rw permissions . so , to check for that execute # mount |grep -i rootfs and # mount |grep -i '/system' if you do not see rw for the permissions , do # mount -o remount,rw / and/or # mount -o remount,rw /system
for my verizon htc thunderbolt , i opened the people application ( hopefully the same as contacts ) , opened the menu , clicked view ( an eye icon ) , then unselected everything but google . after that , when i click to add a new contact , google is automatically selected .
if your device is rooted now you may use titanium backup . it has freeze feature beside uninstall system apps ( freeze is similar with uninstall but it is reversable )
my 3.2 method does work with cm9 , and the default launcher ( trebuchet ) , with these adjustments : go to settings-> launcher-> homescreen-> search bar , and remove it . keyboard focus will default to the apps button ( the ::: icon ) at the top right arrange icons on the right side of the screen instead of on the left . down-arrow , from the apps button , will go to the top-right icon in the same way as it used to go down to the top-left from the search bar in 3.2 other launchers are also an option ( go launcher ex duplicated the old behavior , although it forces phone ui elements ) , but this is the shortest path if you are otherwise content with trebuchet .
the other answer works ( to remove the search bar and rearrange icons below the ::: button ) works fine , but only in a landscape orientation . even in landscape , pathological arrangements of icons can be stumbled upon . i have settled on this method : use a firewall ( e . g . , droidwall ) to block ' google search ' , which i never use , and which i do not want broadcasting my task-switching . to switch to another app , press the home key and then begin typing the name of the app ( the search button is not necessary . ) when the app shows up , down-arrow to it and press enter . how convenient this is obviously varies depending on the names of the apps you wish to switch between , and on the other apps you have installed , and on whether you indeed do not ever use google search . it is also about half as fast as the 3.2 method .
although i did not understand your issue at all , i think this app ( roaming control trial - insadco gmbh ) would help you in some way . it is trial , but if it functions on your tests , you can buy it - it will cost less than that small fortune . . . with that , i think you will not create the priority list of network data connection , but you can simply reject all data from the swiss carriers . . .
if you go to : settings-call-call settings-call forwarding-voice call forwarding -- you will most likely see that for unanswered or unreachable calls it is not disabled because it forwards it to your voicemail , that is why it says conditional call forwarding is active . if you disable all options you will not get the message but then unanswered calls will not go to voicemail
someone may have blocked your calls : (
try nova launcher from the play store . you can import your old home screen pretty easily and it allows you to " infinite scroll " . press Menu on the home screen > press Nova Settings > press Desktop > check Infinite Scroll
currently xperia phones with newer erom , bootloaders can not be unlocked via the above mentioned test point method . got the information from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=30675295postcount=108
the keymap file for cyanogen is in /system/usr/keylayout/qwerty.kl . all you have to do is find a way to change this file ( never forget backup ) . of course that requires your device to be rooted , you could easily do that using root explorer . android loads keymap configurations on boot , so any changes while the system is running need a restart . i am not sure how long press is mapped on this file , my search function does work long pressing the menu . i checked it out , and found these two lines : key 127 SEARCH WAKE_DROPPED key 217 SEARCH WAKE_DROPPED  check out if these lines matches yours in your file , and if not , change it to a similar way .
with buttonremapper you can remap certain keys , but long press is currently not supported . it might be implemented in the future though , i suggest you follow the topic : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=850464
wvm is a video file that has been encrypted using the widevine ( now google ) drm platform . the first 10 seconds are not encrypted , that is why you can see it in vlc .
wmv stands for windows media video -- so what you have found very likely is a video-file with subtitles . it could be a demo video shipped together with the application in whichs directory it resides ( google play movies and tv ) . i would say it should be safe to delete it -- but i would first try doing so via the app itself to be sure ( there you also could first play it to see what it is about -- plus deleting it from there would ensure all connected data is removed as well ) . in the worst case , you may need to re-install the app .
these files are for the transformers : dark of the moon film which was included promotionally with your nexus 7 . the movie was not , at least in my case , pre-installed on your device , as it takes a considerable amount of your available storage space ( especially if you have an 8gb unit ! ) . i am guessing you must at some point have unknowingly hit the small ' button ' on the video telling it to download the film for offline use . the first thing that came to my mind was , that this may be a webm video file ( matroska container + vp8 video stream + vorbis audio stream ) . it would have made sense . but feeding the file to mediainfo looks like this : an avc video stream and aac audio stream , is what one would expect from a regular mp4 , but mpeg-ps format ( ps = program stream ) is unusual . this is how a regular mp4 looks in mediainfo : the file [ from the nexus 7 ] even plays for a few seconds in vlc and in mplayer , but then i get error messages . so either the format is not yet supported or it is sort of encrypted .
a wvm file is not the same as a wmv , the wvm is a video downloaded from google play movies and is a type of mpeg-4 video file . it is currently unable to be opened by anything other than the google play movies app because of the drm properties surrounding the file .
wmv and wvm not same . if you download some film in the android market inside this film format wvm . if you want to check you can . this file inside ( storage - sdcard0 - android - data - com . google . android . videos - files - movies -yi5zzw43oubnbwfpbc5jb20 ) all this film this folder inside . you can delete if you want .
tunesviewer is an application for linux or android that " [ allows ] access itunes-university media and podcasts . " ( from tunesviewer main page ) . you may want to check it out . there is an apk installer to run on android devices . it is also available from f-droid .
there is the google play for education program detailed here and here .
if you enter your pin incorrectly a number of times , the device should present you with a temporary time lock . if you continue to enter it incorrectly you should be prompted to login with the google account associated with your device to disable the lock .
here is the htc desire s user guide in pdf , but i could not find there anything about clear search history in the section reading ebook ( pages 148-151 ) . so , being that the default ebook reader , i guess that clearing search history is not possible unless you clear data from that app .
i do not know of a user interface in android to enumerate the radio frequencies that the device handles . however , to give you the direct answer you were looking for , the padfone x lacks umts 1700/2100 , which is different from the lte 1700/2100 that it supports .
the actual update should take at very most half an hour , the download time may vary though . other than a backup , i do not see what else you had need to do . if you have trouble , come back and post a separate question with details . the update usually either fails entirely ( in which case you can try again ) or works fine , you should not end up in some half-updated broken state .
updated the firmware successfully . : ) took almost 40 minutes for the upgrade process to finish completely . after the update i was amazed to see that all the settings , programs , contacts and accounts were there . i did not have to restore from the backup that i took earlier . froyo is much faster that eclair . hope this answer is helpful to those looking to upgrade their firmware but feared ( like me ) the risk of data being lost or phone malfunctioning . go ahead and upgrade your firmware . you will love it . here are the screenshots
a little bit yes . ( see comments below ) the app will make this seamless but should still use a bit of data . edit : after checking google help i found this : by calling your own google number when you call your own google number and sign into the google voicemail system , you’ll have the option to place a call . just press 2 and enter the number . for calls within the u . s , enter area code and number . for example : 212-555-2222 . for international calls , enter 011 , the country code , and the number ( or "1 and the country code , " depending on where you are calling ) . for example : 011442012345612345 or 12464260200
by default the contacts you see on the web are your most used contacts . you have to choose all contacts to see everyone .
is your phone configured to sync contacts with your google account ? to verify this go to settings --> accounts and sync , tab on your account and verify that the sync contacts option is checked . if this option is checked then the contacts are synced to your account but you are probably using a configuration in your gmail web account that only shows you the most used contacts instead of all contacts .
xperia mini pro has led light that blinks in different colors . this led blinks in regular intervals till you see your notification area . this led blinks for mails , messages , missed calls , etc . i guess by default it works . there is no need to enable it manually . coming to sound alert there is an application notification plus which does this job .
the two more popular sms apps in the market - handcent sms and gosms have options that allow you to set reminder tones and led flashing to alert a user to unseen messages . lots of configurable options in both apps .
this small app may be what you wanted : https://market.android.com/details?id=os.checknew
try rebooting the phone after re-inserting the sd card . some older launchers ( e . g . eclair stock ) simply do not refresh their app drawer when you re-insert the sd card , even though the apps are re-mounted . you can check that the apps are indeed back by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and seeing if the " missing " apps are listed there . if so , a reboot will fix it . alternatively , you can simply restart the launcher app by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then scrolling down to " launcher " and tapping on it , and then tapping on the " force close " button . now if you press the home key , the launcher will restart and should have all the apps back .
i think usb audio support was initially built into android 4.0 ics but there may be earlier implementations and not every hardware that supports usb otg and runs ics+ supports usb audio . the capability of an android device to handle usb audio mainly depends on the kernel running on your system and your hardware being able to handle usb devices ( usb host ) . custom kernel and roms can void this . i have been able to connect ( to my stock samsung galaxy note 2 ) : an alesis i/o4 usb soundcard from alesis ( 4in , 4out , phantom power ) a harman/kardon v1 usb speaker system and a shure x2u soundcard ( 1in , 2out , phantom power ) all playing stereo ( alesis could not be configured to play on all four channels ) and the soundcards also record ( alesis recording 4 tracks in sync ) in very nice quality . i used urecord ( mono/ stereo ) and usb audio recorder pro ( multitrack ) and i have been told that audio evolution is also able to record from a usb source .
first , gmail provides push email . . means , you get emails exactly when they arrive ( if you are connected with internet ) . second , gmail does not have dedicated sync module . it makes use of global google services framework and account sync module . you can turn off background data and Auto Sync from Accounts and Sync setting . when these are on , sync is carried randomly . . but it runs when you connect to internet or turn these settings on . to save battery , you can use toggle widgets ( like widgetsoid ) to turn those settings on/off manually . some provides way to force sync , too . to automate it , use tasker app . if your prime goal is to save battery , i would recommend you to use , juice defender . it takes care of all these effectively .
it is possible that due to it being in your gmail , and your account being set up on the phone , that when you try to delete it , gmail resyncs it to your device . so my advice would be to log into gmail . com and remove the email from there , making sure you remove it from trash as well . then attempt to remove the picture from your gallery .
i am not aware of any way to find out the maximum current the device will use except checking the charger that came with the device and assuming that the manufacturer suppied the most efficient charger suitable . the maximum current for usb connection is 5a , but usually the range used by phone/tablet chargers is between 0.5a and 2a . note that the amperage of the charger only tells what is the maximum current that the charger can supply , so it is safe to plug a 2a charger to a device capable of 0.5a current .
i would say , go for it and try it out and report back here . : ) what the wording ' common ' means is this , common to all devices regardless of platform . its a cm thing in documenting the changes made . if there was a specific device in there it would be highlighted , for example , ' omap common ' refers to those devices that has armv7 media processing embedded on the chip or soc , by texas instruments ( generally found in high end devices )
the Common: Better support for mouse and usb keyboards found at the changelog refers to all devices supported , meaning that there was an overall improvement on the usb support for mouse and keyboard devices . but take into account that the words " better support " means that there was an improvement , but it may still be buggy on certain devices under specific situations . as a side note : to your particular case , you are referring that you have a huawei u8160 , but on the changelog , the support goes for huawei u8150 . so , it may not be fully supported with or device . relevant links : the changelog can be found at : github - cyanogenmod cyanogenmod forums : cyanogenmod 7.2 released ! ( 2012-jun-16 ) wikipedia : list of devices supported by cyanogenmod
you can try because the chipset is the same .
it does not seem to be possible . at least not in the post it self . in the list of posts it is however . the only way i am able to scroll in posts , is sideways , which changes the post . it could be done programmatically though , by combining and rewriting some stuff . but then it is of course no longer google reader : ) a suggestion however ( which is what i do ) is to make a small hole in the thumb of the glove . then the skin is able to make electric connections on the touch screen : )
total = application + data application = size of apk file of the app data = space consumed by /data/data/&lt;Package_Name_of_App&gt; ( it contains data stored by the app ) other stats details : if Force Stop button is active , it means the app is running in background . you can use this button to stop the app from running . Cache section shows how much data the app has stored in /cache partition . if Clear Defaults button is active , it means the app is set as default to complete an action like sending email , open url etc . you can tap this button to clear default ( s ) . on the same page , you can get list and small description about Permissions the app has . if you need explanation of permissions , check this article out .
i think the transfer is supposed to happen automagically , without you having to do anything ( or maybe you need to select some " please back up all my stuff " checkbox somewhere in the settings ) . in practice , though , i have never seen it work properly . to delete data , i am pretty sure there is a " factory reset " option in settings somewhere . on my 2.3 phone , it is under privacy/factory data reset .
yes if you have previously set your current tablet to back up your data and settings to google 's servers , then during the initial setup of your new tablet you should be given an option to restore your previous settings and data . the settings that you need to check on your current tablet are in settings -> privacy settings . see below for more info on this from the official android 3.0 ( aka honeycomb ) user 's guide : page 13 backing up and restoring your data you can back up your settings and other data with your google account , so if you ever replace your tablet , you can restore your data on the new one . if you choose to use this service , your data is backed up automatically . if you previously used the backup service with the google account you just used to sign in , you can also choose to restore your settings from your google account to your tablet now . important if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . many kinds of data are backed up , including : your android settings , such as your wi-fi networks and passwords , user dictionary , and so on many google application settings , such as your browser bookmarks the apps you download from android market some third-party apps also make use of the backup service , so if you reinstall one , its settings and data are restored . page 132 privacy settings you use the privacy settings to manage whether your settings and other data are backed up to google servers , using your google account . you also use these settings to erase all the data on your tablet by performing a factory data reset . back up my data check to back up some of your personal data to google servers , with your google account . if you replace your tablet , you can restore the data you’ve backed up , the first time you sign in with your google account . if you check this option , a wide variety of your personal data is backed up , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the applications you’ve installed from market , the words you’ve added to the user dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of the settings that you configure with the settings application . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an application . if you uncheck this option , you stop backing up your data to your account , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . backup account displays the google account that your settings and other data are backed up with . this is the account you need to sign into on a new android tablet or other device , if you want to restore the settings from this tablet to that device . automatic restore check this option to restore settings and other data when you reinstall an application . this feature requires that you are backing up your data with your google account and that the application is using the backup service . to wipe your current tablet ( after you have ensured that it is been backed up , from the same privacy screen you should also see this option : factory data reset opens a dialog where you can erase all of your personal data from internal tablet storage , including information about your google account , any other accounts , your system and application settings , any downloaded applications , as well as your music , photos , videos , and other files . if you reset the tablet in this way , the next time you turn on your tablet you’re prompted to reenter the same kind of information as when you first started android .
use titanium backup ( in the market ) to uninstall system apps -- it handles everything nicely .
what ended up working was re-installing the stock nexus one ( a . k.a. passion ) image . there seem to be several different ways to go back to a stock installation , but what worked for me was : download the PASSIMG_Passion_.zip file from shipped-roms . com re-name the file passimg.zip and copy it to the sd card via usb booted into hboot ( hold the volume down button while powering on the phone ) selected ' yes ' when asked if hboot should install the image the above steps were inspired by this post in the xda-developers forum . after doing this , ota updates started working again .
it looks like you need to re-add the twitter . apk , update , then remove it again . have you tried that ? the patch itself is trying to find that apk for the update ( not sure if you can change the patch since it is probably signed ? ) .
according to some sources , bluetooth dongle support was added in android 4.2.2 , and it requires some effort from the rom developers , so it is not in every android version . you should either ask the manufacturer for a rom that supports bt dongles , or try to find a custom rom like cyanogenmod for your device that has the support . sources : does android 4.2.2 support usb bluetooth dongle ? bluetooth dongle via otg
you can install the app whatsapp chat heads i am not sure if it runs on nexus 5 , or that it shows chat-heads or just the name of the chat .
yes , a " regular " set of headphones will work just fine , in much the same way that a single-channel earphone works in a stereo headphone jack . the other bits are for the microphone and the controls , but since your headphones will not have those it will not matter . i have had occasion to use 1st generation ipod earbuds as well as some generic earbuds in my galaxy nexus . my daughter uses a pair of headphones i had lying around ( that are probably ten years old ) in her phone when she is at home listening to music . at worst you may find a channel does not work ( no sound in one ear ) but you do not need to worry about shorting out or damaging anything . wikipedia has more information than you could possibly want to know about 3.5mm connectors .
the typical audio only jack has 3 rings , usually call tip , ring , sleeve ( trs ) . these typically map to left , right , and ground . phone manufactures wanted to make this jack work with existing headphone so they used a connector with 4 rings , called tip , ring , ring , sleeve ( trrs ) . these map to left , right , and ground just like the 3 ring , but the final connector maps to a microphone . this makes it so that if you plug an audio only cable into it , the microphone input gets connected to ground so nothing is hurt . it also means that if a headset with microphone is connected to an audio only device , the microphone is connected to ground , also hurting nothing . sources : what protocol does a headphone jack use ? leads direct : jack plugs and sockets
this might not be the most efficient solution . it is baffling that this functionality still is not present on stock android . you could use this video converter app to convert your hd videos .
no . what you are describing is something like the " hibernate " option you get on pcs . it would need support from the kernel and the userspace parts of android . since 4.2 , the boot process on android has been a lot faster on real devices , so typically it would be slower to boot from hibernation than to boot in the conventional way .
i think it is probably best to do a factory reset and see if that helps . however you could try going to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile Networks and experimenting . i recommend shutting off roaming and making sure network mode is on auto .
there are multiple solutions available : using an usb cable if you connect your device to your pc via an usb cable , it shares ( parts of ) its storage to the pc . with versions prior to android 4 . x your device usually identifies as usb storage ( like any external disk/usb-stick attached ) , never android versions might use mtp instead , which might require special drivers on your pc to be used . once connected , you can transfer files easily between pc and android device . using a card reader if your device features a slot for sd cards , you could simply remove the sd card from your device ( remember to unmount it first via the device 's setup menu ) , put it into a card reader , and attach it to the pc . it should then pop-up on your pc as " usb storage " as described above . wireless solutions ( browser-based ) there are a bunch of wireless solutions available -- and this is not the place to list them all . principially , you can install any ftp/web server , and configure it to offer the directories you wish to access . as this might be too complicated for many users , there are quite easy solutions . the probably most well-known is airdroid , which offers a nice interface to manage almost your entire device from your pc : as the example screenshot shows , a file browser is included -- and permits you to upload and download files to/from your device . a second example for an easy-to-use app would be wifi file transfer , which -- as the name suggests -- is specialized to transfer files via wifi : there are many more possibilities , just check the playstore . a good starting point are the playstore pages of the mentioned two examples , then lookup related apps . other wireless solutions there are many more wireless solutions available . as logos mentioned it in his comment , i will add some examples here for completeness : samba you can use apps like samba filesharing to turn your android device into a samba server . in short , samba ( or smb , or cifs ) is the protocol used by windows shares . linux also understands this protocol . using samba , one thus can access the android device 's file system ( without root , this will be restricted to the internal/external sd card ) like any samba-/windows share . webdav several apps like e.g. davdrive can share the android device 's storage via the webdav protocol . this works via http , but can also be accessed like a " shared drive " using the appropriate software on the pc . bluetooth do not forget that we also have this available -- at least on our android devices . but also keep in mind this is much slower than wifi . nevertheless , it can be facilitated using apps like bluetooth file transfer . ftp the file transfer protocol also is an option . there are several apps available turning an android device into an ftpserver . . . other solutions for completeness , let 's just name them in short : ssh server , web server , file synchronization tools ( like e.g. foldersync ) , and probably several other options i am currently unaware of . . .
download the latest cwm recovery available for your phone from here , put it in the root of your sd card , reboot into recovery ( power off and press and hold some key combo , that depends on your phone ; google for instructions ) and flash it . you can also try twrp , another popular custom recovery . let me know if you need any clarification !
this feature is known as double-tap zoom . in the stock browser , it can not be disabled , but it can be adjusted in Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Zoom on double-tap . according to this answer , dolphin browser hd supports disabling it .
yes , totally normal . this is the ui 's way of telling you that you have reached the edge .
you could always try the trick of sticking the phone in rice along with the things that tom pointed out . but in the end , since you can already see the damage , it might already be too late . seeing that you have a newer phone , you might still be under warranty , so i hate to say it but that probably will be your best bet if you want a completely fixed phone . water damage is the worst to phones !
it looks like your screen has been effected by the water and needs a new screen . you can also open it up and dry the screen and digitalizer carefully . maybe the screen and digitalizer are still wet on the inside . ifixit has said that it is " impossible " to repair it ( open it up and being able to close it again ) , so be warned . the other option is to turn your phone off and put it in the oven for a short few minutes . the heat will come into the phone and the water will dry up , but it is not guarenteed , since it looks like the screen has already been infected . it is best to let a technician do it is thing . take note that waterdamage is probably not a warranty thing , so that they are charging serious money . it is your choice to let it repair or not , because i do not think your phone will suddenly stop functioning . if it does , you can always let your phone being repaired later .
depending on your warranty , budget and how much time you have got to invest in the fix . . . under warranty : if your phone is under warranty , contact the store you bought it from and find out if water damage is covered . . . if it is , you are golden ! let them fix it for free . otherwise , read on . . . cheap , does not void warranty , but takes time : start with using a desiccant to try to dry-out the phone . this is the least invasive way to try to fix the problem as you do not have to take the phone apart , but as much water as it seems you have got in your phone . . . it could takes days to dry it out . if you have got rice around , then find some kind of container/tupperware that you can seal your phone in along with a bunch of rice . then leave it sealed ( important to seal it , so the rice is pulling the moisture from the phone and not the air ) like that for several days . the other option , if you want something a little stronger than rice is to stop by an art and craft store and buy some desiccant bags . do the same thing with sealing your phone in with the desiccant and leave for a couple of days and then check on it . cheap , but risky and could potentially void warranty : check the internet and sites like ifixit for directions on taking apart your phone . do so and carefully dab dry any pools of wetness you find and then leave all the pieces out in the open air to dry overnight . put it all back together the next day and the phone should be all better . . . and you will have had the experience of taking apart a phone ! safest , does not void warranty , but likely expensive : bring the phone to an authorized repair store and have them fix it . if the warranty does not cover it , it'll likely cost quite a bit but since it is done by an authorized repair shop , you will not lose warranty status in case something else happens .
you can give this a try : 1 . if you are in windows machine download my public wifi and install 2 . set desired network name ( ssid ) and network key i.e. password . let enable internet sharing check box be checked in , and select the appropriate network connection from which you are accessing internet in your pc or laptop . 3 . press “set up and start hotspot“ , this makes your pc as hotspot . 4 . now try connecting from your droid
first , you should your phone has been root and can access to cwm , you can goolged the ad-hoc patch which is suitable for your phone 's rom version ( 2.3.4 rom or other ) , you can search in xda forum .
yes , this is possible without apps . the icons on the lockscreen are the same ones that you chose for the home screen : here you see the icons i originally had on both screens : by changing the apps on my home screen adjacent to all apps , this change is mirrored on the lock screen : to change the icons adjacent to all apps on your home screen , long-press them until you can move them around then drop the old icons either into the trash can ( that appears when you long press ) or into a free space on another part of the home screen . you can then replace it with an icon of your choice .
there are various lock screen apps on the market , but so far the best i have seen is widgetlocker , very customizable and in my opinion worth the small price .
from what i can tell , this issue has been resolved with gingerbread 2.3.5 . i no longer have the issue with my device running gingerbread 2.3.5 ( actually i think cm7 is based on 2.3.7 now ) . from what i am seeing in the reported issue is other people are saying the same thing about it being fixed . i am not sure if your device has an update available or not though .
this can happen when the contact is not one you originally typed into your phone , but it instead was synced using an app , such as from an exchange address list . in this case , you need to either create a copy of the contact on your phone , and edit the copy , or go to the source that the contact was synced from and edit it there .
this is now possible ( may 2011 ) : check out the demonstration video . note that this is available only for the Nexus S for now , but it should soon work for all android 2.3 devices .
the service is not available yet for android devices : voice and video in gmail only works with the newer version of gmail in supported browsers : ff 2.0+ , ie 6.0+ , safari 3.0+ , and google chrome . however , it is likely they have something in the works . in the meantime , there are alternative services like fring and qik .
after you enter the starting point and destination , the app gives you the possible routes . on that screen the best route has a start navigation option ; selecting this causes the app to crash . instead select the route you prefer and then hit the start arrow at the bottom right corner . works for me .
most of the time when a unpacked and modified rom gets repacked , it will become unusable/unstable because it failed to get resigned with the proper key . you need to have the zip package resigned from the original firmware key . that is why you are experiencing those hiccups . also if any of the apps depend on libs and/or resouces , you would need to make sure they are in place as well - prior to repacking and resigning for a decent write up take a look at this : http://androiddomain.weebly.com/build-your-own-rom.html . this will show one of the proper ways of repackaging a rom .
the second account probably has nothing to do with the other . you will want to go to Menu | Settings | Accounts &amp; sync and click on the account that is not working . ensure that " sync gmail " is checked . if that does not help , then you should try what i do for all truculent apps . force stop if that does not help clear cache if that does not help clear data if that does not help restart the phone ( turn off/turn on the phone , unless you have a " restart " option ) and if that still does not help , try the nuclear option : uninstall and re-install
it probably did not exist when you posted this question , but now ted air can download a video to watch it offline .
i would suggest using doubletwist . doubletwist will re-encode any video to be suitable for your device , simply by dragging the video onto your device listed in the program . doubletwist has built-in functionality for subscribing to podcasts , but i use itunes to organize podcasts , then use doubletwist to send the content to , and play the content on , my htc hero .
i use beyondpod ( the full version ) to watch ted talks all the time . it pulls in a list of the videos from the feed and you can choose to download which ever ones you want and then play them right in beyondpod . there is no data connection required .
as of this date , simply download the official ted app and select the talk you like to view offline . then tap the download icon to the top-right corner to download . you can then play the downloaded videos offline from My Talks tab . if you are a kind of person who like to play the videos at higher speed , you can get apps that support fast playback such as VLC for Android or Dice Player . since all the downloaded files are stored in /sdcard/Android/data/com.ted.android/files/ , you can point the video player to that path . hope this helps someone .
wow . . . i saw this quesion , thought " there is gotta be something " . . . but a quick look around the market and web search shows there is nothing that is popular . i did find this article about podcast managers for android . i thought google listen could do this ? or maybe it only recently added that functionality ?
the android builtin wifi tethering is designed to use 192.168.43.1/24 as the server , with netd handling the tethering , using dnsmasq . first dns range is 192.168.42.1-254 and and 2nd dns range is 192.168.43.1-254 . netd is not easy to change . it requires a socket to communicate with it , and that socket is taken when android starts tethering . but going through the source files for tethering . java ( i used froyo ) we see : and later on we see those ranges used , as backups . the main source for the dhcp ranges is not the hardcoded 42 and 43 , but read from array . config_tether_dhcp_range , an internal string array . but it is currently empty . you could edit the android framework . on my phone , it is /system/framework/framework-res . apk . there are a ton of tutorials online for editing framework-res . apk , from simple strings to full theming . find one for your phone and android version . main thing you want to change is the /res/values/arrays . xml look for &lt;array name="config_tether_dhcp_range" /&gt; change to : compile/zip/sign as needed ( follow a tutorial ) , then reinstall . if you want more than one range , just copy the two items over and over . you always need to provide a start and a stop for each range . try to keep it in the same /24 , ie 192.168.50.5 and 192.168.50.99 or whatever . you can confirm it is working with busybox ps | grep dnsmasq or if you do not have busybox ps dnsmasq then use the pid in cat /proc/pid/cmdline . you should get ( or similar ) : /system/bin/dnsmasq --no-daemon --no-poll -no-resolv --dhcp-range=192.168.50.5,192.168.50.99,1h fwiw , my wifi tethering uses the default dnsmasq ranges , yet my computer was assigned 192.168.43.147/24 and gateway 192.168.43.1/24 . not sure why yours defaulted to a 42 . x address .
my phone is also on 2.3.3 . the updates get pushed out depending on a number of factors including region ( as mentioned by crashhh in his comment ) and carrier . from my understanding , often the releases will be controlled by the manufacturer ( and in the case of samsung and most others , customisation occurs ) . once the manufacturer is ready to support it in a particular region , it will release the software to the carriers . many carriers will also make their own modifications ( and add their own bloatware ) . only once this process is complete , will the update be available in kies . with the release of gingerbread in australia from my carrier , i know that the release went back and forth between samsung and the carrier a few times , delaying its release to customers . i am speculating , but the update you received may have been some sort of patch to the manufacturer/carrier specific software , and therefore i would not expect it to increment the version number of the os .
program storage is the amount of space taken up by the actual app , i.e. the apk size , personal data storage is the space taken up by your personal data . i.e. if you have a to-do list program it would likely create a database and all the to-do are added to the database which would take up personal data storage space . the only way to reduce personal data storage is to clear the app data , but this will delete all your personal data for the app , i.e. settings and based on the example above all of your to-do 's . what i tend to do is go to settings > applications > manage applications and then go to the all tab . then on the menu go to sort by size and clear some of the apps near the top that take the most amount of size that are not a big deal if i lose the data . google maps is usually one that takes a lot of personal data storage space . hope this helps
yes - there is a setting you need to change . the notification bar 's actions are based on what you have gmail set up to do when swiping away an email within the app . to change it from Archive: open Gmail and go to Settings there change the Swiping conversation list from Archive/unlabel/delete to Always delete this changed my notification bar action from Archive to Delete
afaik , these are sensors which android supports : - accelerometer measures amount of acceleration which the gravity applies to the device , in 3 dimension . therefore , the device can detect exactly in which position against the earth it is . its usefulness is very wide , but mostly in games . almost all of android phones have this sensor . - gyro this one is very related to accelerometer and according to wikipedia : " the integration of the gyroscope has allowed for more accurate recognition of movement within a 3d space than the previous lone accelerometer within a number of smartphones . gyroscopes in consumer electronics are usually called accelerometers ( acceleration sensors ) and come in 3-axis , 6-axis , etc . " not all of android phones have this sensor , but most of newer ones have . full list of android phones with gyro sensor - compass this one almost works like a normal real compass , but very very tiny ! it allows device to detect in which position it is against the poles of earth . so , apps using this sensor can show you the angle which you have hold the phone comparing to the north , south , east or west . it is main usage is in apps to find your way , in companion with gps , or for example finding qibla for muslims , or any other interested direction which you may need . list of android phones with compass - orientation i think this one is not a real sensor , but a side usage of accelerometer . orientation detection is most used for android ui and most apps to detect portrait or landscape position of the phone , to rotate the ui accordingly . almost all of android phones have this feature . - pressure ( barometer ) this one is relatively a new sensor , which detects pressure of air in area which device is in , just like a barometer . it is main usage is to detect altitude of current location of device from sea level . this helps gps to be faster and more accurate because one of 3 main values ( latitude , longitude , and altitude ) that are detected by gps , can be faster detected by barometer . so , gps would work faster in companion with barometer sensor . list of android phones with barometer sensor - proximity this sensor is mostly located beside earphone in top of front face of the phone . it can be seen easily if you put the phone under bright light ( unlike above sensors which are inside the phone and not visible ) . its main usage is to turn-off screen , when you are calling and phone is near your head . android turns off the screen , so it prevents accidental touch of screen when you are not supposed to , and also , it reduces battery consumption in calls . some apps also use this sensor to control phone by your hand gestures , because this sensor has 2 state , on and off . on for when something is near it ( about 1 cm ) and off for when nothing is near . most android phones have this sensor . list of android phones with proximity sensor - ambient light this sensor , as obvious from its name , measures ambient light in environment where the phone is in . its value is a number between 0 . . 255 ( darkest to brightest ) and is mainly used by android internal system to automatically adjust brightness of screen to be properly readable under bright light of the sun , and also in a dark room . not all android phones have this sensor , and no usage except adjustment of screen brightness can be considered for it . i could not find a list of phones with this sensor , but almost all if high-end android phones have this sensor . its favorite location to sit down in your phone , if ever exist , is near earphone at top of front panel , and looks like a tiny and dark front camera placeholder .
as far as i know " the requested item could not be found " status comes when the particular app/game is not compatible with your android mobile or its not there in market . i do not know if there are any other scenarios the same will occur .
try clearing the cache and data of the market application .
i think i found the problem . i turned option off that lets use 3rd party apps internet connection as was recommended on one blog on power plan optimization on android .
adb shell ls -l /data/data command will get you the file and directory listing you are looking for . specifically for angry birds space , try adb pull com.rovio.angrybirdsspace.ads/files/highscores.lua C:\abs_highscores.lua
you have to wait until samsung lets out their update with their added components , or flash a custom rom onto it . i do not know how to do that , so i will not provide a recommendation . depending on what network you are on , it may be a little while yet . an article about that .
as the others have said , you have to wait . but it would help to know which galaxy nexus you have . is it a gsm one or verizon 's galaxy nexus ? i am pretty sure verizon has given up on updating that phone at this point . and regardless of which version you have , it will not be updated to 4.4 ( see : https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/3468085?hl=en ) but as zlatty said , you can always install a custom rom . the plus side to this is the development community has not given up on it and have been getting updates out frequently . plus , you lose the carrier bloat if yours is a verizon or sprint gnex . one word of advice to keep in mind if you go this route , though : installing a custom rom will require a factory reset and has a whole process to go through . you will lose any data you do not back up .
segmenting off of what matt voboril said , you can go over to xda developers and learn how to unlock your phone ( so you can tinker with it ) , install a new recovery ( so that you can manipulate at the system level ( backups , side-loading , installing new roms , etc . ) , and install a rom with the latest android ( 4.4.2 atm ) . if you are using verizon 's gnex , go here . if you have the gsm varient , go here . i would recommend anything that paranoidandroid , aokp or cyanogenmod have to offer .
there are two ways , depending on your firmware version . they work on both locked and unlocked bootloader . requirements having adb drivers installed ( usually installed with sony pc companion ) having enabled Unknown Sources having enabled USB Debugging pc companion must not be running 12.0 . a . 1.211/257 ( c5302 , c5303 , c5306 ) ; 12.0 . a . 1.284 ( c5302 only ) ( credits for doomlord , guide from this thread ) download this archive and extract it . connect your phone to your computer . in the extracted folder , double click on the runme . bat file . follow the instructions ( usually one key to tap ) . reboot your device if it does not do it itself . 12.0 . a . 2.245/254 ( any device ) ( credits for doomlord , guide from this thread ) in these versions , sony has patched the exploit , so we need to flash an older kernel that has the exploit and then reflash the kernel of our actual firmware version . this requires flashtool . download this archive and extract it . download the kernel file from 1.257 firmware . if your actual firmware version is 2.245 , download this kernel file . if it is 2.254 , download this one . open flashtool , click on flash icon ( see image ) , select flashmode , browse to 1.257 kernel ftf , validate . disconnect your device , shut it down , then while pushing on the volume down button plug your device to your computer . the illumination bar should go green . wait for flashtool to finish , then reboot . close flashtool in the extracted folder , run the runme_ file ( exact name depends on your os ) . once it is finished , shutdown your device . open flashtool again , repeat the same steps as before , but select the kernel ftf for your actual version ( 2.245 or 2.254 ) . plug your device in flashmode . when flashtool has finished , you can reboot and finally enjoy your root ! jelly bean 4.3 ( 12.1 . a . 0.266 ) ( any device ) as for 12.0 . a . 2.245 and 12.0 . a . 2.254 , the exploit is fixed , so we need to root while being on an older firmware ( 2.254 preferably ) , flash the new stock rom zip via recovery and flash the new kernel via flashtool . ( thanks to niaboc79 for this method ) . downloads : 12.1 . a . 0.266 ftf ( full or kernel only ) recovery stock rom deodexed or any stock based rom of your choice superuser fix update to 12.0 . a . 2.254 . root using the 2nd method . close flashtool unzip the recovery archive and run the . bat file . put the rom and fix zip on your phone . reboot in recovery ( power off your phone , then power on and press ( not maintain ) volume up on multiple times until it vibrates ) . flash the rom . flash the fix . advanced -> power off if it ask you about a su overwrite , select no open flashtool and flash only the kernel from the . 266 ftf . ( see screenshot from niaboc79 ) unplug , power on and enjoy android 4.3 with root !
no issue but make sure do not use charger which is not your phone 's
no , this will not cause any issues . i am having the same case as yours ( using xperia l 's usb cable with a nexus 4 ) and have not faced any issues with nexus 4 or the xperia .
you cannot simply edit the hosts file on android , as it resides on a read-only file system : /system/etc/hosts , see : how to edit etc/hosts file how to change the hosts file on android alternatives are : use a dns server like dnsmasq in your local network to take care for that " centrally " use " root powers " to force-edit the system file as described above install a " local dns server " on your android device to use that , e.g. dns server
if your computer has bluetooth ( most laptops do , and some wireless keyboards and mice connect through a bluetooth adaptor ) , then there are apps that will allow you to share your phone 's gps device to the pc as a bluetooth gps adaptor . see this previous question for some of them : can i use the nexus-s gps as an external gps for another device ( via bluetooth ) ?
in order to root an android phone , you have to take into account the manufacturer of the phone and the model , and also you need to take into account the android version installed . the process to root a phone is based on some exploit in the system , and each android version with each model has a different method , which takes advantage of different exploits . there are common exploits across some models , but in general , you need to look for a rooting method for your phone model and the android version it has . i have used this page on some occasions to look for tutorials , but you can also look in xda developers
i am assuming that you can not factory reset it via the os , so the best thing you can do is to boot into recovery mode . this is of course as long as you can see the options on the screen . so once in recovery mode , you can select the option to factory reset the entire phone , apart from your sd card that is . entering recovery mode restart your phone . when your phone 's notification led is pink , or any other colour , press the volume up or volume down button a couple of times . you should now be looking at the recovery mode screen . once you are in recovery mode , it should be pretty easy for you to navigate up or down , using the volume buttons . select a preferred option by pressing the power button . just look for the option to reset your phone . sources : www.theandroidsoul.com
the simple way to factory reset for unrooted phone is to perform a factory reset via pc companion . download pc companion and install open up pc companion and click on support zone ( do not connect your phone yet ) click on the phone software update it will says could not find phone because you havent connect it yet ! so , dont connect it and click on the repair phone like this picture . follow onscreen instruction .
sense is made by htc for htc so no you can not put it on other phones . that said , i recently read an article that blinkfeed and some of their other cooler closed source apps are going to be made available on the play store for other devices later this year . looks like blinkfeed specifically is already avaialable . hope this helps . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.htc.launcher
edit : to only sync the calendar you first have to switch off everything else : go to settings -> accounts -> your google account and un-check all the sync targets you do not want ( chrome , gmail , drive , contacts , . . . ) /edit then you can take care of when to have it sync . generally , this is left to 3rd party apps . you can always pick your favourite 3rd-party app to get that feature , and there is a ton of it . some samples : juicedefender ( free/plus/ultimate/beta , you will probably have to buy ultimate for the feature you want ) tasker llama ( not sure if it supports your use case ) or just search google play for ' profile sync schedule ' ( or similar ) the latter two examples are somewhat complicated to set up but are very powerful . i would try juicedefender .
too complicated . there are lots of automation apps available on the market which you could use to toggle this stuff depending on the connection available . my favorite again here : tasker . you could create a profile , and call it e.g. " autosync": condition : state-> wifi : wifi connected task : auto-sync : turn on exit : auto-sync : turn off once set up , you can forget about it -- tasker takes care for it automatically . afterword : though tasker is my favorite , it might not be the easiest solution for everybody . takes some time to get used to it , costs some 5 euro -- but is really worth both : no other tool gives you so many possibilities and flexibility . if that is too heavy for you , there are some alternatives available : check the playstore e.g. for llama , and also watch out for the " other users also installed . . . " part of the pages . oh : if you insist on an optional widget for your homescreen ( that is what the " desktop " is usually called here ) , tasker allows you to create them for its tasks as well . . .
as you have got root on your device , that should be possible by synchronizing time via ntp . for details , see e.g. time server for android . remaining question , though , is whether this would really override other time settings of the device ( e . g . using your mobile network provider 's time , which android might use by default – see nitz and where time information is received from the network ? ) if they differ too much . this might be avoided by : in settings→date and time , disable automatic time adjustment install one of the apps mentioned in time server for android to take care for it setup your own " fake-time-server " make that " fake-time-server " the one to be used by the app from 2 .
according to gsmarena , this phone does not support usb-on-the-go .
this battery university article has a summary that states the following •a portable device should be turned off while charging . this allows the battery to reach the threshold voltage unhindered and reflects the correct saturation current responsible to terminate the charge . a parasitic load confuses the charger . •charge at a moderate temperature . do not charge below freezing . •lithium-ion does not need to be fully charged ; a partial charge is better . •chargers use different methods for “ready” indication . the light signal may not always indicate a full charge . •discontinue using charger and/or battery if the battery gets excessively warm . •before prolonged storage , apply some charge to bring the pack to about half charge . •over-discharged batteries can be “boosted” to life again . discard pack if the voltage does not rise to a normal level within a minute while on boost . i would also add that heat is the single worst enemy of any battery . keeping it cooler is always better . not cold , just cooler . any usage will cause heat , and do not worry about that , leaving it plugged in can generate a lot of heat at times .
are you referring to autofocus ? an autofocus ( or af ) optical system uses a sensor , a control system and a motor to focus fully automatic or on a manually selected point or area .
go to System settings &gt; Storage &gt; Upper right button: USB computer connection &gt; Media device (MTP) .
these steps can be follow in android : kitkat version to switch from media device to camera or vice versa . . . connect your device with the computer . it will automatically detect the usb connection . there are two ways to redirect to settings of media device/camera . in case of no usb connection detect please check the cable or driver for device . from notification . there is notification at notification screen . connected as camera/media device . it will redirect to usb computer connection . or in another settings--> storage--> navigation right button --> usb computer connection > media device ( mtp ) / camera ptp . hopes it will help you .
i use foldermount ( needs root ) as a workaround to this issue . i create a link of the folder where the camera images are stored to a different folder in the external sd card . today some apps store big files over the internal sd card ( e . g . games , podcasts , offline rss content , pictures , videos , offline navigation software ) . typically users have a small internal sd card size ( ~16gb ) while the external sd is a lot bigger ( ~32-64gb ) . most of these apps users download from the play store save their application data in the internal sdcard by default and do not have an option to use the external sd card to store data so they starve your internal sd card memory . foldermount is the solution to this issue . this app has the ability to link folders in your internal sdcard to folders in your external sdcard thereby populating the internal sdcard folders with content that really exists in the external card . this helps us free space and have multiple games/apps with big data stored simultaneously without the need to uninstall . for nexus devices with no external sdcard , this application should help link folders to a usb flash drive for example .
most probably , there is no way . your tablet screen and your tv screen use different resolutions and refresh rates , which is generally too much to handle simultaneously for the graphics chip in your tablet .
you can now download it using your network only , no need for wifi . the wifi only option was until 23 november . i am currently downloading 4.4 over my mobile internet only .
or you can just change the date in your system to sometime in the future . this should trick your phone into downloading it now .
this could be achieved with tasker : you can create a " task " performing the HTTP_GET you need , and then create a shortcut to that task on your homescreen ( the same way you had create any other shortcut there : tasker task shows up in the list of available shortcuts , and lets you select the task to create the shortcut for ) .
it is possible that you are long-pressing the icon and then sliding it over to the other screen . this is also how you could put it back where you want it without deleting and re-adding the icon/widget . several times i have inadvertantly rested a finger on the keyboard long enough to bring up the menu .
i use dimmer which gives me a slightly lower level of brightness than the stock settings ; )
you could try this post on the droidforums .netthat has a custom app to manage brightness . requires root though .
while i prefer the app kchau suggested because of it is simplicity , this one works as well : adjbrightness
here 's one that works well and does not require a rooted device : screen filter
do you have pc companion installed ?
this is normal , because google search offers its own predictions/corrections . it is kind of silly , but that is how it works .
android does not have a distinction between " text fields " and " text areas " like html has . one control , called TextView ( or EditText , but they are both the same underlying control ) handles all text fields , whether they are editable or not , and whether they are one line or several . that is not to say that every text field behaves the same way . TextView gives the app the opportunity to set hints for the keyboard , to tell it what kind of text is being edited ( called the input type ) . one input type tells the keyboard that the text being entered is a search filter . the keyboard 's free to interpret these hints however it likes : in this case , google keyboard does not show any word completions/suggestions when the input type is a search filter . you can avoid this problem by using a different keyboard app which interprets the input type and other hints differently . for example , swiftkey shows word completions for search filters just like for normal text . ( i have just tested it on google search . ) swiftkey also supports gesture typing like the default keyboard . if you are interested , you can learn more about the different hints apps can give to the keyboard by playing with my app im prove . ( it is a free app with no ads , so all i get if you use it is a warm fuzzy feeling when you leave a good rating . ) with this app , you can set all the hints , and see what effect they have on your keyboard . you can compare different keyboards this way .
make sure your device is connected . open Device Manager . in USB Devices , find a SAMSUNG composite device ( can not capture a screenshot because it goes away ) . right click , choose Uninstall and make sure to check " get rid of that sheet of driver software " . . . well . . . i mean " delete driver software too " . disconnect and reconnect usb , or clik detect devices button windows detects the phone and installs the plain old mtp driver . optional step : report to samsung optional step 2: upvote : )
i have had this issue for a couple of months now with the whole mtp connection when i have not plugged it in . turns out i just needed to clean the usb port on my s2 . it had its little fit of unplugged/plugged in while i was cleaning and stopped once cleaned .
i had this problem recently and found out that i just have to clean my usb port .
i am also a user of samsung galaxy s2 . mine is rooted but all the indicators of your phone are pointing to a hardware problem . there is most probably a short-circuit like instantaneous electric jumps inside the motherboard . most of your problems can be answered rationally by uncontrolled electric jumps . for instance plugging the usb cable ( namely a power source ) directly starts the phone , indicating that there is a short circuit which transfers the usb power to the power button of the phone whereas they should be insulated . when you power-off the phone , it restarts . this may be explained with a short-circuit of the phone 's battery with the power button . so on and so forth . . .
i am experiencing the same exact issues here with an at and t galaxy s2 bought oct 26 at best buy . i did root and have tried various roms along with returning to bone stock with no help . i have called at and t for replacement but i have found 2 possible solutions in my research on the internet : i saw a random post somewhere about a user who tried cm7 ( cyanogen mod 7 ) rom and for whatever reason . it has rendered my phone very usable with none of the above issues for a few days now . for curiosity , i switched back to another rom i had used before , and the problems came back immediately . needless to say , i am not sure why cm7 did any good . i also came across a post suggesting to use a small paintbrush and rubbing alcohol to swab out the usb port area . several users reported success from this . i have not tried this yet but plan to .
do not touch the screen . instead , use the tab and the arrow keys on the bluetooth keyboard to navigate . this way , the pop-up keyboard will never come up . it is a challenge . there are a lot of shortcuts and tricks to learn , but it is more convenient once you get the hang of it . i guess the simplest answer would be to get a bluetooth mouse as well . use that to select things instead of touching the screen .
there is a way but not an easy way . you can use keyboards like null keyboard . a keyboard that does nothing . yes , really . this keyboard is useful if you have an external bluetooth keyboard paired with your phone and you want to stop the on-screen keyboard from popping up all the time . the problem is every time you change mode you have to change the input method .
in settings , go to developer options and un-check the show cpu usage :
you should be able to just tether and while your phone is connected to the wifi network that connection should be used . if this is not the case turning off the mobile data should force it to use the wifi connection
install kies ; it automatically installs all the required drivers . then , tether to your computer via wi-fi hotspot , bluetooth , or usb . i always use it like that with my s3 .
its a kernel corruption . just install a new kernel .
this happens to myself , you would have to turn the device off several times whilst your usb is connected and just wait for it to stay turned off , once its turned off it will not turn back on unless upon reconnection . it is a very old phone and is not a good phone so this is why it is like this . i wish there was a better resolution myself but after browsing the internet for around an hour i figured i would help a somebody else and let them know what i know . thanks .
no , you do not need to have your phone rooted to enable a portable hotspot . not quite sure why it is not working for you , but here are the reasons it has not worked for me at various times . no cell data connection . i have tried using the hotspot as a relay to another wi-fi network without any success . the original wi-fi connection is shut down . misconfigured wi-fi security on the attaching devices .
voice search for contacts only works with contact from the primary account setup on the android phone . also the primary account contact sync must be enable . i confirmed it by testing with my galaxy s 4g . since primary account on an android phone must be a gmail account , this also means the voice search for contacts only works if the contact is stored in the gmail account . since my main email account is with live.com, which i had setup on my android phone using ms exchange sync , i came up with this is work around to allow voice search . i go to my gmail account and add contacts that i like to be able to do voice search with . i made sure the contact only have names entered with no other information . this way , i can enable contact sync with the gmail account to perform voice search without allowing the gmail contact pollute the combined contact list on my android phone . if you really do not want gmail account to show up in your phone at all , you can always separate and then delete the gmail account from your other account . as long as the contact sync is enabled , the voice search will still work . the is kind of a pain , but too bad for me since i only care to add contacts to gmail for relatively few people that i actually call/text often . it also helps that gmail web interface was done in a way that is really easy to add contacts with just names .
have you tried navigate to bob jones home ? you can use the label on the address when using the voice command . the above command is different than navigate to bob jones work . update : one thing to remember : your contacts need to be accessible to the google servers . in other words , you need to be syncing to your google account . the actual voice-to-text work is done on google 's servers , not on your phone . ( try using voice search while in airline mode . ) see this google support thread . and , of course , your contacts need to be in your " searchable items " . ( i get there by hitting the search button , then the blue ' g ' to the left , then the settings icon . )
do you speak with a us accent ? i am in aus and find the voice commands work far better if i try a us accent than my regular australian drawl .
how do you"minimize " ? pressing the back key is almost akin to quitting . however , pressing the home key usually allows you to multi-task and allows the currently running app to carry on in the background . try pressing the home key to see if the audio continues so you can then switch to whichever app you like . you can try the meridian player - it allows navigation via specified folders and the freeware version should work fine for you . multi-tasking / background playback is definitely part of the feature-set .
just saw this : music folder player
from my experience , i think es 's default app associations are separate from the operating system 's . to clear es 's file associations ( assuming you are using the latest version ) , from es file explorer go to settings > cleanup setting > clear defaults . the next time you try to open a file es file explorer should now ask which application you want to open the file with .
you might want to take a look at the default app manager . from the app 's description : default app manager is a simple yet very functional app to manage ( set defaults , clear/reset defaults ) default applications for different types of actions that android does . unlike other applications that allow you to manage defaults for only one-two types of categories , this app allows to you to manage for almost all the common actions . the description sounds quite promising . but not having tried the app myself , i cannot give any guarantee it will solve your special issue ; )
my first thought is for manual sync . ical import/export can export your events . the second step would be to import those events to google ( in google calendar -> other calendars -> import calendar ) . not tried it myself , but you get the idea .
check the device administration guide . camera can be disabled from android 4.0 onwards . http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/admin/device-admin.html
i have no xps with jb but google closed ums ( usb mass storage ) support . my device with android 4.2.2 suppors only mtp and ptp protocols and i can switch between them in the storage settings . check this out .
these voices were the result of having the so-called " roaming tone " enabled in the sound settings . strangely , the description of this setting is : roaming tone set notification tone informing the status of cellular service after disabling this option , she no longer speaks to me when i receive a phone call or turn on/off airplane mode . though i have no idea how a speaking voice is considered a " notification tone " . . .
if you enable usb debugging in the developer options , the phone 's " usb connected ! " screen does not popup anymore : )
not a cyanogenmod user , but have you checked under Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; USB Settings , or Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings ?
it is usually under settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging
if you want to disable all notifications that pop up when you connect your usb cable go to the " menu " then " notifications " then touch " usb connection " then change the settings to " charge only "
you could use tasker to handle the proximity thing . additionally have you tried clicking the power button ?
from the stock people or contacts app , find one of the contacts you want to merge . click the pencil icon to edit that contact . then from the overflow menu ( click the three dots in the top-right ) , choose join . then click on the duplicate you want to merge this contact with . you can click join again to merge further contacts with this one , or press the back button to go back to the list of contacts . this works the same way regardless of where the contacts come from , and the merging is stored in the phone 's contacts database , so it is available to third-party apps too .
if you are not rooted , you can root your phone with this when you are rooted , try this - install rom manager flash clockworkmod recovery ( via rom manager ) download cyanogenmod ( via rom manager ) install rom ( via rom manager ) that is it , very simple and easy .
your phone need to be rooted , otherwise you can not install rom manager because it needs root acces . if you rooted your phone just download cyanogenmod and install it trought cwm ( clockworkmod recovery ) download cm : http://get.cm and search your device or go to http://cyanogenmod.com an click on get cyanogenmod and click on your device . i think you should download an stable mod because your are an custom rom noob as i see .
you can do so by having your wifi switched off when its signal gets weak . there are several apps available on the playstore which can watch the wifi signal , one of them being tasker ( which is what i use ) . here you can define a minimum level and tell tasker : if wifi signal falls below this , switch wifi off . of course you can make it even more detailed , and letting it check every x minutes whether signal quality has improved . it might be a little tricky to set up first ( especially when one is not used to tasker ) -- but once it works , and you figure out what else can be done with that app , you do not want to miss it . an example how this could look like can be found in <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? -- a little different topic , but a similar idea behind it . you might also take a look at similar apps . though tasker is not free ( you can get a 7-day trial on their website ) , it is worth every cent -- but might be hard for beginners . there are other automation apps around , as e.g. llama , which might also able to do a similar job .
bestsignal seems like the perfect solution . it offers both default configurations and also advanced configurations .
i just installed bestsignal on my htc one m7 from the developer of the same name . it is the paid version but only aud1.99 and it works well , simple yet highly functional gui . however it was not compatible on my google nexus 7 ( 2012 ) nor my asus transformer tf700t so be sure to check your device compatibility .
there is a pretty bad method using adb shell input tap , get the coordinates for enable tethering and substitute adb shell input tap or navigate to enable radio using adb shell input keyevent . just have a look at , adb shell input again this confines to a particular device .
try the setprop command below : setprop sys . usb . config rndis , adb
definitly not ! that is nothing like what a developer needs . and a developer requiring you to send that i would avoid in the future as well . all that might be needed can be provided by e.g. adb bugreport ( which is the most comprehensive data collection known to me to be useful for a developer concerning his development ) . requesting all your addresses is harvesting , and rather used for spamming . tl ; dr : i would not send that information . you might contact that dev and ask for an explanation , and then maybe decide different . but i cannot believe this being a " mistake " or simply " carelessness " .
no . there is no reason why an app would need all your contacts . it is possible that contact information might be useful , if the app does anything to the information about the contact . for example , the app might want to format the phone number ( for aesthetic purposes ) , because it could be saved in many ways ( e . g . +639171234567 , 09171234567 ) . they might also be interested in how many contact numbers you have for that person . how would they handle such scenario if you called the person ? would they use the first number or the second number ? if you know the person developing the app ( or even if you do not ) , the best way would be to ask them what they need it for . but the bottomline is : no , they should never have to need all of your contacts .
stock recovery does not come with adb access . try a recent version of clockworkmod recovery for your device ( the older versions do not all have adb support ) you will need to flash the recovery on using fastboot ( see @mishap 's answer )
adb is not available in the bootloader , try using fastboot instead for a quick and dirty rundown of flashing your device with a new image using fastboot : adb reboot bootloader use fastboot devices to verify your device is visible , if not , you are probably running windows , and you have to install some funky drivers . if you do not see ' unlocked ' at the bottom of the screen , use the command fastboot oem unlock then just : fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot flash system system.img fastboot flash userdata userdata.img fastboot flash recovery recovery.img if you feel super confident you could just : ps you should only use the flash commands if the referenced files are present , if not you may or may not brick your phone ( have not tried flashing a non-existent file to the device yet )
dual file manager
i do not think there is any support for the x10 from cm for the v9 release . for reference : xperia arc => anzu xperia neo => hallon xperia pro => iyokan xperia mini pro => mango xperia ray => urushi xperia mini => smultron xperia arc s => ayame xperia neo v => haida xperia active => satsuma live with walkman => coconut xperia neo l => phoenix edit : cyanogenmod is a rom that targets a lot of handsets . a souped up/bloated version of the stock vanilla aosp android ( the ones found on the nexus series handsets ) the freexperia project was founded by jerpelea who ( unofficially works for sony , gets freebies and contributes to porting cm for that handset etc ) . also , freexperia project is officially merged into the cyanogenmod tree . not all legacy devices are supported using the cm rom , especially for the newer v9 and v10 ( ics and jb respectively . if visiting this get cm you will actually find that cm is not supporting the legacy devices ! have not tried freexperia , but have heard it is not 100% stable , as some things are broken on it ( if anyone wants to correct me , feel free to say so in the comments ) : )
this is not version of cm - it is cm code name of device . depending on your device you should download needed release .
root the device ( in this case the razr d3 ) install the application ( a game i.e. ) in the memory sd . unroot the device ( to have the last update of the s.o. , i do not have find how to unroot an razr d3 ) i do not have test this solution but maybe in a few weeks i will try it : ) links : http://youtu.be/3wzbb4w0-ds how to root d1 and d3 device . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ja8tknwtek how to use gl to sd ( root ) well , basicly the problem is that we will avoid the warranty of the mobile .
once you have actually installed an application , open it up in the market and the " my review " section will appear -- you can give it a 1-5 star rating , and then submit comments . if you have not installed ( or have uninstalled the app ) s , you can only view comments ( or mark as spam ) . see also : market comment posting policy .
navigate to market , select menu > downloads and you will see the list of apps on your phone . notice the my rating section where you can star and comment on the app .
just to be clear : you cannot add a comment to an app until you have rated it ( out of 5 stars ) . you cannot rate an app until you have installed it . once you have installed and rated and app , then you can comment . ( even if you no longer have the app installed . )
i actually did not know this until just a few minutes ago but you can use pdadb .net's pda-chooser to search by release year ( so not exact date but at least its something ) . obviously if its not in the database it will not appear and i am guessing that only confirmed devices/dates are entered . that along with gus 's answer should help . you may also want to check out engadget
i typically find out about new android devices coming out on gizmodo . the only official place i know of is google 's phone store . it does not list new phones that are coming out , only what is currently out .
http://www.androidauthority.com and http://www.gsmarena.com are the best sites for new stuff and mobiles !
gsmarena . com is another popular site for cellphone news and device information . as with pdanet mentioned by daniel , you can search by " coming soon " devices that meet whatever specifications you are interested in .
daniels suggestion ( pdadb .net) definitely has the most comprehensive list but i am not thrilled with the ui . it is not the most user friendly . i prefer phonescoops search which seems to cover all the major us devices . here is a link to a search for results of all the " coming soon " android phones . also , if you are looking for blogs , bgr . com is always seems to be one of the first to report on new devices .
assuming you are in the united states it is just a matter of days before you get your 2.2 update which comes with flash . i do not believe any other aftermarket player will decode flv files for you at this time .
you can install flash by these steps the first step is to download flash_for_21 . zip to your computer and extract the . apk file . now navigate to the market and install “apps installer” utility to your phone . now connect your android phone to the computer and copy . apk file to your sd card . make sure that it is in sd card root and not in a sub folder . after this launch “apps installer” on your phone and follow the on screen instructions to install flash_for_21 . apk file . after installation is complete , simply reboot your phone and there you go ! you now have flash 10.1 on your phone . get flash for 2.1
there is an alternative browser , skyfire , which purports to support at least some flash videos on android 2.1 . it should be available in the market .
a number of 3rd-party " social " apps have this feature . personally i use tweetdeck . when internet connection is not available , it will save my tweet , and throw a notification saying that it will be sent when connectivity is re-established .
for your reboot problem , it sounds like your boot order is booting off the . iso , i.e. , cdrom , before it looks for the disk partition where you installed android . shut everything down and disconnect the . iso . you can just delete the cd device under the controller within virtualbox settings-> storage . you probably should not just change the boot order or you will have trouble reinstalling if you ever need to . however , if you want to change the order , look under settings-> system-> motherboard .
i keep them both enabled , but i have tried them each individually and the cm option works much better . the fact that it " causes other apps to shut down " is the whole point . android keeps the memory filled at all times and ends tasks on demand when more memory is needed . it is supposed to be pretty smart and know , based on your usage , which apps to give priority to but if you are multi-tasking and the phone needs more memory it may kill launcherpro causing it to to reload from scratch when you hit the home button . the option to keep it in memory gives it a higher priority so when android tries to free up some memory it kills something else .
the cm option is going to have more sway with the os than the launcherpro option ( since it is the cm option is from the os itself vs an app telling the os to not kill itself ) . i have also had even better success with screen redraws using this method . i think it is what the cm toggle is supposed to do , but this actually does it . 1 ) make a nandroid backup in your terminal application on your phone ( if you have to ask what this is , google it , download it from the market ) su (enter) echo ro.HOME_APP_ADJ=1 &gt;&gt; /data/local.prop (enter) reboot (enter)  if you want to undo what this command does , simply remove that toggle from : /data/local . prop , or if you did not have this file ( like i did not ) prior to the mod . . . remove it entirely
it could also be that windows 7 or the bios disabled that usb port . . . possibly due to something power related . have you switched the usb port you are plugged into ? possibly try switching to another usb port .
try changing usb cable . bad cables can cause this ( at least i had this problem once , which went away simply by using another cable ) .
it is also possible that you have damaged some of the pins on the device 's micro usb connector . if connecting it to another computer with another cable does not works i could recommend you to contact your dealer for repair : )
as another possibility ( although you mention that you did not change anything on the pc ) : i had a similar problem once when i still had my palm desktop software ( and synchronization software ) installed on my pc . after a log of searching i found out that the palm sync software used the comm4 port on my pc . for some reason , the usb connection between my galaxy s and my windows 7 pc used the same port . once i uninstalled the palm software , the usb connection worked flawlessly . maybe more technical people at this forum can explain why , but that is what i found out .
most pre-installed keyboards are system apps . system apps can not be uninstalled without root access .
to have your device in deep sleep , you need to find out what applications are running and causing a wakelock that does not let the cpu go bellow 216mhz , thus preventing the device from entering into deep sleep mode . i can recommend betterbatterystats by sven knispel available from google play store : a high battery drain is often a limiting factor for a great user experience . with betterbatterystats you can analyse the behavior of your phone , find applications causing the phone to drain battery while it is supposed to be asleep and measure the effect of corrective actions : spot drainers based on detailed information about the root cause use the online knowledge-base to find how to reduce or remove the wakelocks measure the effect of actions to reduce drain detect changes in the awake/sleep profile and quickly find the causes ( rogue apps ) in other words betterbatterystats helps you to get the best out of your android smartphone . after finding out the applications that are causing your problem . do not forget to disable betterbatterystats .
when you do a hard reset , or a factory default reset , it wipes your phones internal storage completely . so anything that was saved on your phones internal storage , is pretty much gone . personal things such as : texts , phone calls , and browsing history , are not stored on your sd card , but stored internally . so doing that wipe will have cleared it out . so you are fine . your sd card never really holds anything personal like that .
nothing at all is on your memory card . sms messages etc are not actually stored on the sd card . when you do a hard reset all of your data is erased completely .
open the sdcard on your pc and format it . done . it is not recoverable whatsoever because it is a flash disk . to wipe all personal data you need to do a factory reset . or wipe /data ( and /cache ) manually
before deleting anything you should encrypt your sdcard and your internal storage ( this appears to be built into android but located in different places on different devices , or maybe it is different versions ) . do this first because depending on how the encryption works there may be gaps left unencrypted because it did not think it needed to overwrite deleted space . you could try to fill that space before erasing for total security . once encryption is done , you can then erase your sdcard ( again , should be built in , though eraser mentioned in mathew 's answer might be better , do not know ) , and do the factory reset on your phone . this way any data bits will be extremely difficult to recover ( near impossible depending on password chosen ) , even with specialized hardware .
the other answers are a little misleading . first , it does not really matter from a security standpoint whether you have got things stored on the sd card or on the internal storage . the sd card is easier to remove and read outside the phone , but the internal storage can be read as well ( most easily from the device itself but also from a pc ) . the second thing is that i would expect this wipe to be insecure , i.e. , file deletion rather than zeroing of the storage . ( i have not checked myself . ) i recommend using a program like eraser to zero your sd card . i do not have a good recommendation for the device storage , unfortunately .
from what i can see in the video , the fluctuations are within about 1° in the first app , and 0.5° in the second . that is not exactly " random numbers in a wide range " . accuracy within 1° is acceptable for most intended use cases : mobile games , screen orientation , gestures , etc . it is quite possible that motorola decided to use a cheaper sensor since the phone itself is intended to be a very low-cost device . i would not say that it is defective . possibly subpar , but not defective .
when coming from linux/unix , you may be confused because su == root , and that is also true on android , but with a small addition : a ' rooted ' android device has a setuid root ' su ' binary to allow a process to get root , but the version typically used on android does not allow just any process to use it to get root . it uses an android intent to communicate with an app ( superuser/supersu ) to determine if the caller is allowed to get root . the app then decides if it is allowed , typically with a popup on the screen of the android device . more details here : stackexchange-url
just installing supersu do not give you root - it is only tool for controlling access to root account on rooted device . from app 's description : supersu requires a rooted device ! ! !
starting in 4.0 ( actually 3.0 , but few devices used that ) , most android devices use the mtp ( media transfer protocol ) class rather than the mass storage class . this was done for various reasons , including the annoyances attendant to having to unmount the sd card from the android device to access it from the pc . samsung has embraced this new way rather fervently and does not allow mass storage at all under normal circumstances ( if you have root , you can force it on some devices . not sure if it works for a tab 2 ) . mtp mostly " just works " on windows since xp and on mac , though getting it working on linux can require a bit of effort if you do not use gnome . the arch linux wiki has a useful article on the ways and means of accessing mtp devices on linux .
yes , it will . the default alarm is built into android and uses the alarmManager to schedule when to sound the alarm . it will always go off , unless the device is powered off or in silent mode ( however some rom 's have separate volume controls for alarms and other volumes ) .
it works in a very similar way to how one user 's apps are isolated from each other . whereas apps ' private data used to be stored in /data/data , now it is stored in <code> /data/users/ n </code> , where n is the id of the user profile . each user gets their own directory , and each app that user uses gets a directory within that . posix file system permissions protect the data directories , not only from other apps , but also from other users . because android uses the existing posix process , uid , and file system security mechanism , the same way it does for different apps , the implementation is already secure without needing anything special at the os level , or a more complicated ( and thus battery-hungry ) solution such as virtualization . virtualization would work poorly for this anyway : providing virtualized access to the network , bluetooth , nfc hardware , etc . such that all users could control it would add a lot of unnecessary complexity to the driver stacks . when both users run the same app ( such as the launcher ) , there are actually two instances of that app . they share one apk file , but they have two separate processes running under different posix user ids , and they each look in their own data directory . this way , nothing they might write to is shared between the two users , but read-only parts ( such as the app 's executable code from the apk file ) are shared , reducing ram and storage use . both instances might be running at once , and switching users just changes which one is the foreground app on the screen . nothing needs to be reloaded or restarted . this works the same way whether the app is a built-in one , or one installed by the user . there is an awkward side-effect of that : when one user upgrades an app , the upgrade affects all users , even if the new version needs more permissions . only apps with the interact_across_users permission are special . such apps get access to apis within the android framework to look at all the users ' data directories at once . the lock screen is an example of such an app : in one instance , it needs to be able to read each user 's settings and profile picture , in order to show the " switch users " gui .
actually every apple device i saw , only charges on apple 's chargers and macs , so i think the port is ' modified ' to be used with apple devices , something to identify that the charger is from apple but when we talk about android , anything with > 4.5 volts will charge the phone , but it depends on the charging current , plus , i have a tablet that does not charge on pc because my pc gives around ~350 , but that is for a tablet , the original charger is around 2a , the tablet puts a red " mark on the battery to tell you it is not charging , but actually it is charging but the current is less then the usage . . actually i notice it to charge some percents after hours , and if you turn the device off , it will charge but a bit slow conclusion android : will charge on > 4.5 even if it says not charging apple : need the charger to be verified that it is from apple before it can charge note : i am not pretty sure about apple devices because i have not used much , maybe someone will correct me or maybe help you better
my experience is that it does matter , but it is not so simple , because not all android devices are the same . some android devices will charge just fine from an apple charger , some will charge slowly ( regardless of amperage ) , and some will not charge at all . plus , i have found that there is some variability among the apple chargers . for example , i have a couple of scosche usbc202m dual 10 watt car chargers that are pretty nice ; they are mainly designed for iphones , and they work fine on my wife 's iphone , and on my lg g2 ( at the full rate , as monitored by android tuner pro ) , but my samsung galaxy tab 3 does not even register it as being connected , even using a charge-only cable or adapter . yet i have another car charger , also made mainly for iphone , that works on all 3 devices . i suspect that many newer android devices may now be compatible , where they were not in the past , although i have no evidence of this . traditionally , and perhaps currently to some degree , android devices will not charge at currents above 500 ma ( usb standard ) unless you use a charge-only cable , which shorts together certain pins to force it into higher current mode . so , the bottom line is , it may work fine , it may work at reduced current , or it may not work at all , depending on brand . much of the time , when people say it works for their device , they do not have a clue whether it is working at full output .
yes they are . they may charge normally , charge slower , or not charge at all .
use the app management option to move programs to external storage . while apps can be installed on the sdcard , they still need space on the internal storage for actually running .
i would really need more info to give you a precise answer , but i think i know what you are speaking of . when you move a file through mtp with your mouse , on your computer , your computer is not just moving the file . . . it is a totally different type of filesystem , and therefore has to basically read the file and write the file in new location . it is not the same as if you were in adb or terminal issuing : mv file newfolder/file . . . or a root explorer long pressing to move , which issues the same as above .
no , not all android devices have usb-on-the-go support . gsmarena claims that your device does not , but they will only be going on the specification . the tool could be reporting that your phone has the software support for acting as a usb host , but unless the hardware also supports usb-otg , that is not going to help you .
i have seen a similar issue trying to sync s note 's between a galaxy note 3 ( smartphone ) and a galaxy note 10.1 ( as well as to a galaxy note 2 ) . the issue seems to be in the version of s note running on android 4.3 . on my note 3 , s note saves the files as . spd files in a snotedata folder . on the galaxy 10.1 the s note documents are as . snb files in the " s note " folder . i think this explains why sync is not working .
ftpserver it is available from google play store free of charge . i am able to connect to my phone from windows , linux and mac , visualize my entire device contents performing download and upload operations . the best part is , you do not need to use usb . just set the mount point ( default dir ) to / and you are good to go . note : some operations require root as to fully manipulate files , like system files . features : utf-8 support restrict connections to selected wireless networks access while on 3g ( if supported by the mobile network ) restrict access to specific folder verbose log output to trace connections/access and help in error solving remote shutdown with custom ( "site shutdown " command ) screen shots :
what memory is offered on usb-plug differs between devices . most of them offer the external sd-card ( if present ) , some the internal emmc card . some even seem to offer a virtual cdrom drive ( probably containing some device-specific stuff like drivers ) . but i have never heard of any giving access to the sim this way , or even to system ressources . of course , at least the latter is possible using 3rd party utilities ( see zuul 's answer for an example ) . but access to the sim should be almost impossible this way . this all applies to android up to gingerbread . starting with ics ( 4 . x ) , things become a bit different as ums ( usb mass storage ) support was swapped in favour of mtp ( media transfer protocol ) . but basically , above said should still be true as to what is possible to access and what is not .
can you take a look at the sim and phone sim socket if they are oxidized/dirty/greasy ? if that is the case , you can clean it with a cotton cloth dipped in ethylene alcohol . if the sim socket pins are somehow are pushed down , that could be also an issue .
try pushing or more like adding a piece of paper on top of the sim card ! else , try to contact the company . if you have installed the rom your self , i mean by rooting and getting a new rom . then you might be in an issue ! as there are many roms that have slight issues . try going to that forum again from where you got the rom and contact the person who provided . i read its sony , so why not use a rom made by sony ? sony roms wont have an issue at all !
use Factory Reset to reset your phone to its factory settings .
jelly bean unfortunately , there is no setting that you can enable to show battery percentage on the system icons tray . without using an app , all you have is : battery indicator on the top right corner of your screen . access to the battery settings , level and usage details : go to : settings > device > battery app using the battery app by macropinch available from google play store , you are able to get the percentage on your status bar :
it does this in order to break up large . tar files into chunks of 1000000000 bytes : even if the resulting file is under the 1000000000-byte split limit , the .a file will still be generated : -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 0 2014-03-19 14:29 system.ext4.tar -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 484504064 2014-03-19 14:30 system.ext4.tar.a  you can combine these split files back together using the following syntax : on windows : copy /b finelame* filename e.g. copy /b data.ext4.tar* data.ext4.tar on linux : cat filename* &gt; filename e.g. cat data.ext4.tar* &gt; data.ext4.tar
no , you can not update it from google play . it would be like buying your phone from carphone warehouse and then expecting phones4u to help you out with a problem just because they sell the same phone . or buying a music download in google play and expecting to be able to download it from itunes . you have paid samsung for the app , not google . if you uninstall it via the button in google play , the app will just uninstall in the usual way . you will be able to reinstall it from the samsung app store if you change your mind , but you still will not be able to download it from google play unless you buy it there . just wait a week or two to see if there is an update . apps uploaded to samsung 's app store have to be " certified " , just like apple 's , so there is often a delay before a new version will appear there .
several helpful apps are mentioned in the answers to what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? guess the question and its answers would be useful/interesting to you anyhow . apart from that , there are also our useful command line utilities , which you can execute in a terminal ( either via adb shell , or using a terminal app ) : df: stands for " disk free " , but also shows the used space . is not interested in files or symlinks , just operates on the entire partition . so this should list you up how much space is used/free on each storage . du: a close relative , " disk used " . is not interested in " divisions " such as partitions or directories by default ( that can be dealt with via parameters ) , but checks " anything below " . it does not follow symlinks , which might prove useful to you – as will the parameter -s ( summary ) . without that parameter , each directory would be listed up with the space consumed ; with -s only a summary of all space used below the current location will be printed . you will find several other useful commands in our command-line tag-wiki . for your low memory , you also might want to visit our insufficient-memory tag-wiki .
based on this do you have some switch near volume button ? if yes , try changing it .
i found the solution . i can give a static ip to my beaglebone via shell scripts ( or adb ) : ifconfig eth0 up 169.254.13.13
just search for lockscreen in the google play store . there are many lockscreen replacers available . i think start might be a good one to start with . make sure to read the instructions on these apps . some require other apps like go locker ( requires go launcher ) to be installed first .
i added several additional emergency contacts using these instructions . now 911 is just one of several numbers that can be called from the emergency call screen . i made most of the numbers " dummy " numbers that do not actually connect . while this probably will not prevent all emergency pocket calls , at least 911 should not be a common selection any longer .
when i had an n1 that used to fill up on space quickly , i used to use an app called modinstalllocation to move apps that were not technically movable through apps2sd .
you most probably left some residuals of the ( moved ) app on your sd card . the easiest way to remove that would probably to pull out the sd card and remove the moved app on your computer ( it is not accessible on your phone easily ) . for example , the full path to the moved tricorder app on my phone is : /mnt/sdcard/ . android_secure/org . hermit . tricorder-1 . asec just access it on your pc and remove the appropriate . asec file in the . android_secure folder . background ( why not to do it on the phone ) : moved apps are located in a cryptoloop mounted container file which is stored at /mnt/sdcard/ . android_asec/* . this is however not accessible so that normal apps cannot mess around with moved apps ( there is a tmpf mounted over /mnt/sdcard/ . android_secure with 0kb space to inhibit access ) . the original . android_secure is bind mounted to /mnt/asec/secure where the system can access the containers .
instead of mergin your internal an external sd card , i think its easier to just bind the directories with high data to the external sd card . the idea is to link the folder were google music stores the offline cache with the sd card , so it will write it there instead of the internal memory . this is valid for any other app that writes to the internal memory , just follow the steps : go to settings > apps > running and close google music . open your file manager and go to /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.music/cache and delete all files . create a folder in your external sd card , for example mymusic create a file in your internal sd card with the mount options , for example musicscript . txt insert the following in the file ( check the directories path as it might change ) : mount -o bind /emmc/MusicCache/ /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.Android.music/ go to google play store and install script manager . open script manager , grant it root , open the musicscript . txt file you have created and select open as > script/executable . select su and boot and hit save . reboot your phone . open google music and click on choose on device music . you should be able to see the total space available is the same as the space available in the external sd card . as an alternative , if you have a kernel that supports init.d scripts , you can skip steps 6 to 8 by adding the file as executable to /etc/init.d/ , that way it will be executed at boot . how to find your internal sd card path : use es file explorer and it should display your sd card content once you open it . you can check the sd card path in the toolbar at the top . use any terminal ( e . g . connectbot ) and type mount or mount | grep sdcard , the command should display the mount point or path of your internal sd card .
that is a stack of errors occuring to you . before i present you a possible solution , let me point out what your mistakes have been -- to avoid those in the future : never ever go to restore system data ( this includes sms , contacts , and other data from system apps ) from a nandroid backup of one rom to a different rom . this might work in some cases ( when those roms involved are very compatible ) , but most likely will bring you in trouble as it was in your case . apps store their data mostly in sqlite files , which contain databases -- and the structure of those databases very often differs . so you break those apps , which leads to different kind of trouble -- up to the point of boot-loops or incomplete boots , being stuck at the logo . this is also why liam is correct that a " data wipe " ( or " factory reset" ) would have solved the issue ( as it would remove those broken sqlite files , and the apps would re-create them emptily ) . if you really need to transfer data of system apps between different roms , the best way is to export this data before you flash ( contacts can be exported directly from the contacts app , and would then be stored as .vcf file on your sdcard ; for other things like sms there are apps available on the playstore ) , and import them afterwards . also , as you are rooted , you should consider buying the pro version of titanium backup for a complete backup ( in addition to your nandroid backup ) . titanium backup includes a " migration feature " which should work for those kind of data as well . never flash a kernel if you are not 100% sure it works for your combination of device and rom . if you break things here , you device will not be able to boot in normal or recovery mode , as you experienced . especially do no such thing if your device already has other trouble -- first solve that trouble before doing such " deep system changes " . now , you are 100% correct : as you are no longer able to boot into recovery mode , you need a helper tool " from outside " . for samsung devices , this tool is either odin ( which is what samsung itself provides ) , or heimdall , which is a cross-plattform alternative to odin which will also run on your ubuntu pc ( odin will not , as it imho is for windows only ) . use either of the two to flash any rom compatible to your device , so you get your recovery mode working again . once that is done , you might start over flashing clockworkmod recovery , then restoring your complete nandroid backup , exporting your data as described above , and finally switch to the rom you wanted to use .
if you had recovery , a simple data wipe would have fixed the boot loop issue . the issue you are describing sounds like a kernel/system issue . the only fix would be to try and flash a new kernel via download mode - you would have to find a program that could do this . if this is not possible ( it may not be ) , then you should consider your phone bricked , and you should take it to your nearest service center for repair ( do not tell them you rooted it , just say it would not turn on after you had turned it off ) .
what izzy said is correct . also , never give up ! i found that there is always something you can do to unbrick your captivate . the xda-developers wiki page is very useful in this regard . the sections about bricking and unbricking should be very useful . while it is very difficult to enumerate all possible ways of unbricking here , understanding the nature of the brick ( soft or hard ) and looking for alternative ways in the forums is always helpful . the techniques that i know of so far are : the 3-button method and its variations , as listed in the wiki page above . ( there are variations , just search for them in xda-developers ) using your pc and the usb cable . izzy 's answer is one such method . hardware solutions that involve cutting a usb cable or using resistors . when you have a hard brick , you may have to resort to these . good luck and do not stop searching ! there is always a way to unbrick your captivate .
in the default sms app , it leaves a time stamp at the bottom of the message . e . g 2.16pm , oct 13 . that is how it appears on my phone ( s2 aswell )
open the message thread in the messages app and it should say " sent " and the time at which it was sent .
hey make sure you have checked your delivery report in the message settings option . i do have samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 and i did the same to solve my query .
i remember reading on one of the google forums that there was a also a total size limit , and that the developer was going to ask the team if the limit could be extended . in my experience the limit seems to be around the 200-300 megabyte mark .
the queue limitation , afaik is 200 videos : you can queue up a maximum of 200 videos in a watch later list . the same limitation applies for any created playlist . note : make sure that you are preloading videos having the device charging and with an active wi-fi connection , in order to have them correctly preloaded to your phone . youtube instructions for a successul preload according to the youtube blog , it is mentioned that the preload process works if the phone is charging and a wi-fi connection exists : you can now preload and temporarily cache videos from your subscribed channels on your phone anytime it’s charging and your wifi is connected . just enable “preloading” in the settings menu . you’ll still need a connection to play the video , but once you do it’s smooth sailing through the latest from your subscribed channels and watch later queue . additionally , you need to have an active connection when pressing the play button .
samsungdive . com has nothing to with the " accounts and sync " options . samsung dive consists of a background app ( called utrack ) , an website (samsungdive.com) and an login/password , which allows you to remotely locate , lock and/or wipe some samsung devices . to pair your device with the samsung dive , enter your login data under Settings -&gt; Location and Security -&gt; uTrack  ( not sure if this is true for the galaxy mini , but that is where the setting is on the sgs )
i tried entering a password into the mobile tracker . when i did this , the window came up .
if you are unable to get it working cerberus would be a very good alternative . i use it , and it is flawless .
if you cannot access the main ui , but the system powers up , boot in to recovery . try and find out what your recovery keys are ( e . g . it is usually vol+ , vol- and power on samsung phones ) online or by reading your device 's manual , then holding them as your device boots . once in recovery , use the volume keys to select an option and power to use that tool , unless your device has a d-pad or older android style buttons ( menu , home etcetera ) . also : you can use adb to force the device to reboot to recovery mode if it is enabled , like this , in a terminal or command prompt , with the device connected to a usb port on the computer : $ path/to/adb reboot recovery on linux/mac os x ; and C:\&gt; path\to\adb.exe reboot recovery on windows replace path/to/adb or path\to\adb.exe with the location of adb found in the android sdk platform-tools folder ( the sdk can be downloaded from http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html - choose sdk for an existing ide )
orange right pointing arrow is outgoing . green left pointing is incoming received .
i had a similar incidence , in my case i left a service open . please check if any service related , is open ? to check you can use , this link from stackoverflow
it seems i do not fully understand how broadcast receivers work . stackexchange-url
i am a big fan of quickpic : it is simple and truly fast : )
you may want to look into picturen lite . on first run it can be a bit slow to load but after that everything is fast . i think the app meets all the points on your list . it looks like the app is still in development with a full version coming soon with more features . link to developer 's site
you need to reprogram the phone . dial ##786# on the dial pad and then hit view . you may need your msl to be able to change the phone number .
in previous versions of android ( mine is 2.3.7 ) you can set this setting in the additional call settings . in android 4.0 the additional call settings screen is located here : open the phone app -> [ menu ] -> settings -> additional settings . i have not verified this on a physical device yet .
have you tried just a factory reset ? sounds like you got a new phone , right ? any opposition to just wiping and starting fresh ? i would think that would do it .
you can edit and display your phone number in the phone status by following some simple steps on this page . http://www.thepageword.com/2013/03/display-own-phone-number-in-your.html
instead of trying to get something to work on the tablet , that does not by default , i would suggest to look at how to retrieve the file over mtp with c# . mtp allows the internal storage of these devices to be formatted to a native linux format , like ext4 , instead of fat32 . if you were able to get ums working , chances are you would not be able to mount it in a windows machine because it does not know how to handle ext4 . this allows the android os to actually handle how the files are written to the storage . mtp is also a safer protocol because it does not " mount " the device like an actual drive . so there is less of a chance to corrupt files or the disk if you just unplug . mounting via ums also makes that storage unavailable to the android os which could cause other concerns . there are lots of models of tablets that still support ums , but most of the " current " ones support mtp because it is a safer way to handle the storage . iirc , devices that do not have an slot for external storage will not ( should not ? ) support ums . and when they do , only the external storage will be mountable from the " client os " .
log into your google account and click on contacts . then select all your contacts . now click on more => export => select all contacts => export format google csv . use the " find and replace " option in for instance excel to edit from +385 to 00385 .
because google disabled it for marketing reasons ( pushing google+ maybe ? ) technically it is just not in the whitelist in an xml file to allow synchronization according to niranjanthilak here is his detailed explanation : facebook application can sync its contacts with the contacts ( through contactsprovider ) only when its whitelisted ( or , in other words , given an escalated permission set ) in the rom . for this , you have to edit the contactsprovider . apk and add the whitelisted permission . for editing the contactsprovider . apk ( which resides in the /system/app/ directory ) , you will need smali ( an assembler/disassembler for android’s dex format ) . after disassembling the contactsprovider . apk using smali , go to the res/values/ folder ( in the disassembled source ) , and add the file ( arrays . xml ) containing the following content : the com . facebook . katana is the application of facebook . so after adding the arrays . xml file to the /res/values/ folder , assemble the contactsprovider using the smali into an unsigned apk file . now , since ics , android 4.0 , google has disabled this provision of whitelisting applications natively , hence they have obfuscated certain fields from the database . add the column named is_restricted  to the raw_contacts table inside contacts2 . db ( stored in /data/data/com . android . providers . contacts/database/ ) - if you have sqlite enabled ( along with busybox ) in your kernel you can use this command for altering the database and adding the necessary field by running it under adb shell : sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/databases/contacts2.db 'ALTER TABLE raw_contacts ADD COLUMN is_restricted VARCHAR';  after adding the column , all the facebook accounts added will be provided with sync prompt and they will appear under contacts .
you will need to install a custom theme using the t-mobile theme chooser ( it comes built into cyanogenmod ) . there is no way to do this in stock without modding your rom .
i found this really good tutorial , but its german . . . i translate : prepare phone , go to settings > apps and disable " fastboot " . shutdown phone , completely ( if you want to be safe , remove battery and plug it in back ) boot into fastboot mode ( press and hold voldown + power ) plug usb to phone , windows will show up a new device . if the driver is not installed properly , install it via device manager ( download driver here ) . now the device should show up as Android Sooner Single ADB Interface download this and navigate to RecoveryClockmodByZaDkYn and start Instalador.bat now open a command prompt , press any button . now the progress is started . if its finished , press any button again . now you have clockworkmod installed , download this file , copy it to your sdcard . boot into cwm , select install zip from sdcard and chose chose zip from sdcard select su . zip and press power to flash it ( you can navigate in the cwm with volumedown and up )
full rooting instructions for huawei ideos x3 ( u8510 ) are posted on this thread over at xda : download the automatic root enabler for the x3 . for more recent versions i suggest checking original thread and the forum it is in as i may not be able to update this thread all the time . install the latest usb drivers for the x3 . search for the latest version of " huawei android phones usb driver " from the huawei downloads site . turn on usb debugging from settings -> application -> development on the x3 . connect the x3 to your pc via microusb . run the automatic root enabler and it should start rooting your phone automatically .
i am not sure what phone you have so it is hard to know if there are any other ways around . however , there is a topic on xda stating that this is not a recommended approach at installing the browser . the suggestion is to just install a custom rom . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1214437
yes . locking the bootloader is possible after you have installed a custom firmware . a locked bootloader will not allow you to ad-hoc boot custom binaries ( using fastboot boot boot . img and will not allow you to directly write to the flash chips . an unlocked bootloader however does offer you this and newly available commands are : fastboot flash partition image fastboot boot kernel-image so , if it is locked you will only be able to either boot the normal or the recovery system which themselves need to enforce the chain of trust and ensure security . current custom recovery images will not enforce any security , so you will have to install a safe stock recovery after you have installed your custom firmware . regarding the stock recovery , this will not allow you to install any upcoming custom builds , only stock firmware ( that is digitally signed by google ) will install . so , to have a working chain of trust with no holes in it , you will need to first unlock the bootloader , then install a custom recovery , install a custom firmware ( etc . ) , then re-install the stock recovery ( extract it from google 's stock image ) , then re-lock the bootloader . the procedure to upgrade to newer firmware builds will be a bit tricky at the moment : i think there exist user-land tools to unlock the bootloader from a regular ( rooted ) custom firmware ( like cyanogenmod ) without the penalty of a full wipe . this way you can unlock the bootloader without a wipe , then ( temporarily ) boot a custom recovery ( via fastboot boot cwm-recovery . img ) , do an adb sideload update . zip and finally relock the bootloader using fastboot oem lock again . one note : i think i have read somewhere that the nexus 4 does not to a full wipe with subsequent unlocks after it has been unlocked/relocked once . i am not sure about this , you will need to test this once .
the only way i found was to restart the device . be careful to not switch to other users after the restart . once you switch to another user , his processes are initiated and continue working even if you switch back to your user - just like you said in the question . strange that google have not tackled this issue . perhaps on a newer android version 4.3+ ? * this happens to me on my asus memo pad with android 4.2 .
in terminal emulator ; become root $ su list users to get their id . it is the first number listed , usually 11 for the first user . 0 is owner . ie 11:user:10 and 0:owner:13 # pm list users stop the users execution instance ( logoff ) # am stop-user &lt;id&gt; usually ' am stop-user 11' you can not logoff the device owner , id 0 .
as you have come to realize , official updates ( ota or manual ) will most likely patch previous exploits to obtain root and you will most likely lose root during the process of updating . it is recommend to not allow updates if you wish to keep root . certain mods , such as cyanogenmod , will automatically block ota updates to keep this from being a problem .
titanium backup is able to read from nandroid backups , so you can use it to restore parts from them -- and then use titanium backup again to backup those restored parts . however , as there is no titanium backup for pc , this has to be done on an android device . if your goal however is to separate some apps from a nandroid backup , there are other ways to achieve this : nandroid copies the entire partition ( see : nandroid tag-wiki ) . so you could mount the images ( on linux , this should be no problem with the ext file systems at least -- see e.g. restore only part of nandroid image ) , or unpack them ( for yaffs partitions e.g. using unyaffs -- see my answer here ) . for completeness : there are also adb-style backups ( which again titanium backup is able to access ) . for these , you might want to take a look at e.g. android backup extractor and android backup splitter , and also my answer here on how to convert an adb backup into a tar file to investigate , using the perl adbbackuproutines from this xda thread .
deleting a secondary account will not delete the already installed apps associated with the account , afaik . however , that is a loophole that google might plug in the future . it is not possible to move apps from one account to another .
no , you cannot use a microphone on the mobile version of flash player . from the action script reference documents : runtime microphone support the microphone class is not supported in flash player running in a mobile browser .
google talk this will syncs to your gmail account . this offers free instant messaging to all your google contacts that you have invited to “talk” with . you can use the services within the gmail web page , or download google talk and install it on your computer or smart phone . google+ messenger originally called “huddle” , which is a sub service to google+ . the big difference with google+ messenger is that this is the instant messaging service that is synced to your google+ account , not your gmail account . people who are added to your “circles” are the ones that are able to be messaged with . one major difference with google+ messenger is that it allows people to have group chats . source
google have now integrated all of their chat and messaging services into one app on android , google hangouts ( not babble as was previously rumoured ) . from the app 's description : use hangouts on computers , android and apple devices . hangouts stay in sync across devices so you can start or continue them anywhere . in particular google talk , gmail talk , google+ messenger and google+ hangouts ( group video chat ) are all integrated in this . google voice is not fully integrated yet ( in particular sms integration may be " coming soon " ) , and you can opt out from receiving incoming calls through hangouts but as voice is still only available in the us it should not affect too many people . you may need to upgrade your gmail chat to the new hangouts experience by : hangouts works right inside gmail , where chat did before . you can upgrade chat to hangouts by clicking on your photo icon in gmail 's chat list . you may need to set up your google+ circles to allow members to message you . more info on the main hangouts page and in the hangouts help .
click the link and download downgrade and download the update , extract it read user manual in pdf and follow the instructions . http://huaweimobile.com.au/support/mobile-phones#top
on android 4 . x+ you should just be able to swipe it to the right to dismiss it .
do not you have a clear button in the top right corner ? this is what it looks like on my htc desire running android 2.3.3 . what happens if you press and hold the voice mail ? do you get a menu to clear it out ? update : tapping the notification dials the voice mail inbox , right ? unless you can tap and hold it to get a context menu from where you can remove it , then i am afraid there is not much you can do about it . i just talked to a samsung rep and he was not aware of a way to remove it . he said you have to pull down the notifications menu , tap it , and then close it ( essentially dialing and then ending the call ) . i also had a look at the manual for the galaxy ace ( gt-s5830 ) . there is not much said in it about this ( full manual , 127 pages , not a quick guide ) . they pretty much just tell you what voice mail is , how to set up voice mail server and listen to voice mails . in idle mode , open the application list and select ( phone icon ) , keypad and then tap and hold 1 . follow the instructions from the voice mail server . you must save the voice mail server number before accessing the server . they do not even tell you how to clear the notification bar . they seem to be expecting that the user will know this by logic . most manufacturers of android handsets seem to be under the impression that android is intuitive enough that they do not need to say many words about it in the manuals . some manufacturers have more proper manuals , thoroughly explaining every detail , while some will just have quick guides . i am sorry i could not be of any more help to you . may i ask why these notifications about voice mail bother you so much ? are you using voice mail ? if you are not using it , then there is always the option to disable it , and you will not be getting any more of those . so here are the options you have . tap to listen you can tap the " new voice mail " icon from the notification bar to dial your voice mail inbox and listen to your voice mails . ignore it you can always just ignore the icon . disable voice mail if you are not using voice mail , or if you are not using it frequently you always have the option to disable it . upgrade to android 4.2 if possible , you could try upgrading to android 4.2 . that requires rooting your phone and installing a custom rom . get a new phone this is the least wanted option for several reasons , the expense being usually number one . but sometimes it is the best and quickest solution that allows you to get on with your life and worry less about problems with technology . i would personally not change my phone just to get around this type of issue . make sure you thoroughly test your new phone so you know it does what you want . it is usually not possible to test every feature in the store , you need to take it home and test it properly . some carriers will allow you to bring the phone home and test both the phone and the service for 14 days , without commitment or signing any contract . my carrier ( tele2 ) has this option . how to disable voice mail on galaxy ace in idle mode , open the application list and select settings . select call settings . select voice mail number remove the number and save changes . if it does not allow you to leave it empty then type in some bogus ( fake ) number like +1 123456789 and save . there is also the option " voicemail service " . see if you can just disable the service that way , instead of messing with numbers . it does not say in the manual what options you have , so you need to see for yourself . note ! you can always continue using your voice mail . it is just that you will not be getting these annoying messages every time you get a voice mail . all you have to do in the future is just call the number for your voice mail inbox . you can just save that as a new contact and call it to check for new voice mails .
if your device is running android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) or higher , this app seems to be able to clear them .
if you like developing , the android eclipse kit comes with a sample launcher that does what you say you want .
espier launcher might be the closest thing you can get to an " ios experience " . i gave it a test run , it does not have an app drawer . . . it is pretty much exactly like ios .
there is also qq/tencent launcher .
do not forget milauncher , if you have ics . http://miuiandroid.com/community/threads/miui-home-launcher-now-native-for-all-ics-devices.16356/
my just-released tinylaunch is a tiny palmos-style launcher that just shows a ( categorizable ) list of apps .
i would check your /sdcard/clockworkmod/backup folder and remove any old backups you have in there . you can also remove them from within rom manager under Manage and Restore Backups . then click on the older backups and select Delete from the menu .
depending on the phone , my biggest worry would be screen burn . i have a samsung galaxy s vibrant and i have screen burn at the top of my screen from the time and the notification bar . a screen like a super amoled is actually a lot easier to get screen burn then i thought it would be . it is actually pretty annoying now , i have to limit the background images i use , otherwise the burn is really noticeable .
settings -> accounts and sync -> sync all ( bottom left ) . this will sync every app that register there , like facebook , twitter , gmail and google+ , but not all the apps .
qr droid private ( version 5.3.3 ) does not ask for contact list permission . after scanning a qr vcard , the app offers to add it to your list and fills in the contact form . it is up to the user to press " done " . a common sense solution , which makes me suspicious of the real intentions of all the apps that ask for contact permission .
here is qr droid private . it does not access your contact information . usually the reason they want contact access is because you can store contact information in a qr code . so when scanned , it sees that it is a contact and adds it to your contacts . without access to your contacts , it would not be able to do this . another reason is that some of the apps allow you to create qr codes from your contacts . it would need read permission to do this . here is an example of a vcard stored in a qr code : here is the data that is stored in there :
try using a 3rd-party keyboard replacement app . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and can confirm that it does show word suggestions on other languages . for hebrew you would need to install the corresponding language pack as well .
you need to have the latest k-9 version ( 4.4x ) . however , it is not yet available for all devices / countries . i installed k-9 on my galaxy s4 , and it installed 4.2x , which is not the latest . see this xda thread ; there is a download link to the 4.4x apk , which you can install manually . the newer version uses an actionbar which has a reply button .
the issue is that the play store falsely linked some apps to your account that you installed from third-party sources . this has been in some 3.5 . x version , and now it works as expected .
1 ) download the latest .obf file at https://sourceforge.net/projects/wikivoyage/files/listings-as-obf/ 2 ) using any file management app , move the .obf file to the root of your osmand folder , probably /sdcard/osmand/ . 3 ) start osmand , and enable the " poi > any " layer ( accessible in menu > layers ) . 4 ) hotels/etc should appear , visible in orange circle . sometimes it does not work immediately , in such cases just restart your phone .
it may due to wanam xposed 2.4.7 . an xda post states : the new wanam xposed v2.4.0 did auto activate " disable knox notifications " when knox apps are installed . with 2.4.1 he removed " knox disabling at boot " .
this is okay . it is not seems to be a malware . android_system has to run with su permission . supersu is just " being nice " to notify you that . and , as u told installed supersu ( otherwise blank system )
this walkthrough is the best i have seen on restoring an evo 4g and removing root . it walks you through , step by step , and gives you everything you need . and yes , rooting or roms could have caused the problem . if the rooting done in a way that manipulates the Wimax partition and source , you may be in for trouble . also , some roms simply do not support the evo 's 4g radios , such as the aokp ics roms .
root access is unlikely the problem , but you can go back to stock and see what happens . best and surest way back to stock is flashing a . sbf . the . sbf is the stock image provided by the retailer . if you are on windows , you will need rsd lite to flash i believe . if on linux or os x use sbf_flash . you will also need the . sbf for your particular device , but i am not sure where the evo images are ; google can probably help . but again , i would blame the network before an issue from root .
have an a500 , droid1 , and here is how i got wifi tether to work . root the phone , root the a500 . install rootexplorer for the a500 and http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ for the phone . replace the wpa supplicant file as per these instructions : http://www.xoomforums.com/forum/motorola-xoom-hacking-guides/4016-how-enable-ad-hoc-wi-fi-connection.html ( i know it is for the xoom , but i have it running on my a500 and it works fine ) . turn on the wifi ( not the bluetooth ) tether on the phone , and you should see it available on the a500 ( given you replaced the supplicant , as above ) . i know it is not bluetooth , but the stack does not expose ad-hoc bluetooth networking as of this release . this was you can get something going . enjoy ! j3
try the pdanet tablet app , it is in beta but might work with the acer a500 .
the user guide for a500 says bluetooth only supports mikeless head phones . i am , miffed too .
short answer - no . there are advanced options accessible by typing the url opera:advanced , but most of those deal with the rendering engine .
the simplest way would be to use bluetooth or to email the apk to your tablet . you can use adb as suggested by @claire swinson if your device is detected .
can you use adb to copy or install the apk file on the samsung tablet ? for example : $ adb push my_app.apk /mnt/sdcard  or $ adb install my_app.apk  i do not have a galaxy tab so i do not know whether /mnt/sdcard is the correct location on that device . edit : oops . forgot to say that when you connect your device via usb select the charge only option - do not mount the sd card !
you can also use dropbox to move a file onto the device . this will require minimal setup and provide an easy way to push future files to the tab
the simplenote website actually lists some android clients . click the link and scroll down to " mobile " , where you will find 4 or 5 of them listed . i tried evernote myself , and had the worst experience . i have a droid 2 , and the notes were not reliably syncing to my pc . the evernote customer service is the worst i have ever experienced in my life . they do not allow a dialogue with their people . they close your case before your problem is solved . it is a real mess . that is why i am giving simplenote a try . good luck !
simplenote is updating all of their apps , and that also means that they have released an official android app . the official app does not require an account to use ; you can take and store notes locally on your device before signing up to the free service for cloud syncing . although third-party apps were previously available , the official option is a welcome one that gives android users an experience in line with the ios app . simplenote 's expansion to android comes just over half a year since wordpress owner automattic bought the service , pledging to improve its mobile apps . simplenote on google play
mnote works well , simple . andronoter ( never tried it but it is ad free ) both are free . i have never used it on an iphone so i do not have a basis of comparison . i also do not use simplenote much anymore because i have consolidated to just evernote . i also preferred 3banana to simplenote but in the end opted for evernote .
probably the easiest way to do this is not with another phone , which would need specialist software for each app you want to control , but with a bluetooth gamepad such as a ps3 controller . connect the gamepad to the nexus 10 using bluetooth , and then you can use the gamepad to control any app , including google play movies . " any app " is a slight exaggeration : some apps might not entirely work properly just with d-pad controls , especially if they have custom controls . but most apps should just work fine , and some have special functionality to make them easier to use with gamepads ( such as navigating between screens with the shoulder buttons ) . the one thing you might have trouble with is adjusting the volume . since that is controlled with physical keys , it is hard to get at through the gui with the d-pad . but if your nexus 10 is connected to your tv , you can change the volume of the tv with its remote instead .
if you just want to " refresh " it , you could try a factory-reset , which will essentially revert it to a " blank state " ( i.e. . remove all user-data and user installed apps ) , so you can start over with a fresh system . you should however create a good backup beforehand – which is not an easy task with android prior to ics ( pre-4.0 ) . on the other had , this can be done without any " modifications " ( such as rooting or the like ) . if you consider updating your device , take a closer look at custom roms like cyanogenmod . there might be other roms available which are tuned specifically for your device , and thus giving better performance even with a newer version of android . this installation process however is a bit more " technical " , and in most cases requires rooting the device and installing a custom recovery .
if you have a custom recovery such as clockworkmod recovery or team win recovery project , you can first make a nandroid backup ( which saves all of your current data to your sd card ) . then you could complete a factory reset ( either from android itself or from your custom recovery ) . finally , get an app like titanium backup or nandroid manager to retrieve your old apps and data . as for installing a custom rom , you may want to check out your device specific forum at xda developers . note that custom roms may not be as stable as the one you currently have . they could be unstable or even brick your phone . flash with caution . also , since you have root , have you tried deleting the bloatware that comes with the phone ( if there is any ) ? an app like titanium backup should do the trick . your phone should feel faster after that is done .
in order to remove the book/app from your cloud , you will need to visit visit amazon.com/myk . log into your account and find the book/app . click the " actions " link to the right of the title . under it you will have the option to delete it permanently . after you do so , you will have the repurchase the book if you want to read it again .
your s4 firmware is corrupt some way . you should head to xda forums and see tutorial for s4 rooting . once you have read everything carefully and done all the steps correctly , you should install a custom rom for s4 , since this would remove the random booting , if you have not damaged the battery with water or anything . note ! rooting is very risky if you do not know what you are doing ! maybe one of your friends has a rooted phone ? ask them or read more about rooting in google . regards .
i would do something else . chances are high your firmware has an issue . go to http://samsung-updates.com/ , select your device and search for your provider . download the full firmware ( about 1.6 gb ) unzip ( only once ) . get yourself odin ( its for windows only ) . its on xda everywhere . a wipe data and wipe cache from recovery mode would be helpful here . hold on power button and volume up fore a while to go there , navigate using volume buttons . hit ok using power button . put your phone in download mode . ( turn off , hold down power button and volume down for a while , hit power up when the message appeared ) . connect your phone to the pc . odin should see it now . in odin you have a bunch of buttons on the right , select the second from the top on the right there . navigate to your unzipped firmware image . ( a . tar . md5 file ) select it . hit start after the file loaded . do not touch your setup during flashing . good luck ! do not try to flash firmware that is not designed for your phone . it can destroy it . ( worst case ) . you can hit getprop in a shell on the device to get all information about your device . the exact device type , firmware version , provider shortcut and so on . another approach is to use samsung kies . kies allows you to do firmware updates and used to flash every system partition on the device , not just the changes as the ota does . if you already are at the newest firmware , it might not work cause there is no update .
even if your device has no sd card slot , there is an internal sd and memory hard coded into your device . so the path to your html file would be something similar to file:///mnt/sdcard/dir..... or file:///storage/sdcard0/dir...... you can find it using a file manager app .
is it in the internal sd card ? try file://mnt/sdcard/Download/AnotherFolder/here.html .
if you have done a backup of the system , you can restore the system to that point or else find someone else 's dump of your device and restore that dump . you can find the dump for your device at xda forums . you can also try ota update , if that is available .
yes , htc iqagent is carrier iq software .
just register your kindle ( your android ) for your amazon . co . uk account instead of the amazon.com, to do it just go to your account on the site and register from there
it is an artificial geographic restriction that amazon have put in . essentially the . com amazon kindle store is accessible to any amazon customers worldwide ( except for customers who is account has an address in a country that has its own kindle store ) . country specific kindle stores , like amazon . co . uk 's kindle store are only accessible to amazon accounts that have an address in that country . so , the amazon . co . uk kindle store is only accessible by uk devices , based on a uk amazon account . the amazon . com kindle store is accessible to everyone worldwide who has a non-uk amazon account . the same thing happens for the newly launched amazon . de kindle store , only users with german or austrian addresses can use it . it is based on your account 's home address/billing address , not on which website 's account you use . you can apply to amazon to have your kindle account moved from . com to the country-specific site , if you created your account before your country 's site was available , but you can not use two sites at the same time . presumably when more countries have their own kindle store , they will be locked out of the . com store , and other countries will be locked out of their country-specific store .
please read the terms and conditions of the site , specifically , under sub-heading 6 . rights and restrictions , and i will quote : no public performance . you agree not to display content contained in products in whole or in part as part of any public performance or display even if no fee is charged ( except where such use would not constitute a copyright infringement ) . use of a tool or feature provided as an authorized part of google play ( for example , “social recommendations” , as defined in the music terms below ) is permitted , provided that as you use the tool or feature as specifically permitted and only in the exact manner specified and enabled by google . capturing of streams . you may not use google play or any product in conjunction with any stream-ripping , stream capture or similar software to record or create a copy of any product that is presented to you in streaming format . sharing . you may not use products as part of any service for sharing , lending or multi-person use , or for the purpose of any other institution , except as specifically permitted and only in the exact manner specified and enabled by google ( for example , through “social recommendations” ) . proprietary notices . you may not remove any watermarks , labels or other legal or proprietary notices included in any product , and you may not attempt to modify any products obtained through google play , including any modification for the purpose of disguising or changing any indications of the ownership or source of a product . the italic-ized and bolded heading is my emphasis and thus would lead to op 's intention to be in violation !
software updates are released by the mobile network of the device as well as the device manufacturer . it normally goes like this : google release a new android version . manufacturers take this new android version and modify it to work on their devices . manufacturers test the version , and push it out to unlocked devices first via desktop software update and then via ota update if available . mobile networks/carriers then take the android version modified by the manufacturer and modify it themselves to add carrier specific apps/features . carriers pass it onto the manufacturer to release to the public [ or ] carriers release it to the public via their custom ota app . as such , it can take some time to get the update , however i would advise you check using the desktop program if there is one .
mine does the same thing . you have to take it apart and put it back together .
1 . remove your battery . 2 . wait 5 min . 3 . put battery back to phone . 4 . switch on your phone
you simply cannot update this tablet to that firmware .
you might want to look for applications that do require this permission : android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS then uninstall it and set the alarm a short while after that . if everything is back to normal you have found the application in question .
xposed is not a separate service : instead , it is a wrapper in every process , which replaces some built-in functions from the android framework . for this reason , it is very likely that it'll have some effect on system performance , but exactly what effect depends on the particular modules . for example , it would be possible ( but unlikely ) for a module to replace a built-in function that is called frequently with a different version that runs more slowly and uses more battery ( and probably even gives the wrong answer at the end ) .
you should not worry that much as it happened once . just take care it does not happen often . in short , leds have a long life span ( 20k+ hours ? ) . so the concern is not really the leds burning out ( although after a long period of time , they will eventually start losing the amount of output and their brightness will dim ) . the real concern is to not apply too much voltage to the led and overheat it . another concern would be overheating your battery ( due to heat dissipation from draining the battery from powering the led ) . in short , if you are only using the led for time periods less than half an hour , you should be okay . source
is there a standard reference for what the different tap patterns are supposed to do ? basically , what you have noted is how most bt headphones function with their buttons . is there a way to program the controls to achieve a consistent interface across applications ? no , since each app maker decides whether or how to implant/interpret bt controls . it can be quite annoying when playing from different apps and the pause button does not work . do all headphone manufacturers implement basically the same headphone controls , so that apps for manipulating one brand will work for other brands ? from my experience , owning several bt headphones , the buttons are always the same , but the placement is not . i tried finding a bt standard in hopes to find if the buttons are standardized , but i was not able to make any grounds .
as per broam 's suggestion above , i am posting my comment as an answer . hopefully some people finds it useful . if you add a subject to the message you are making , it gets converted to mms format . even if the subject is empty , at least , that is what i know
i have found that another option , on phones or text messaging apps that support group texting but that do not force mms when you add a subject , is to create an artificial ' group ' consisting of the person you are texting to . . . . and yourself . in other words , send the text to the target person and yourself . if you have got group texting support , doing so will force an mms , and thereby bypass google voice . hence , your emoji will get transmitted in spite of voice . once you send the group text , you will receive a redundant copy of your text . at that point , just delete it . this approach can become a little messy if you do not know what you are doing , but it works for me . :- )
force the mms i have saw this comment you provided on your question : @flow in my tariff mms sending through the country is free whereas sms is not free if this is the case , you can have a .jpg as a signature file , and attach it to every sms you send . since the image is a media component , your sms will become an mms , thus saving you some $$ . original answer as far as i know , you can not . an mms message is a plain old text message with contents attached . if you attach a media file , it will be send as a mms message . otherwise it will follow as an sms . what is mms ? wikipedia multimedia messaging service , or mms , is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content to and from mobile phones . it extends the core sms ( short message service ) capability that allowed exchange of text messages only up to 160 characters in length .
i had manually exported contacts to google csv , uploaded to google spreadsheets . edited manually table by copying comments column to phone number column , deleted extra text , upload csv to contacts again
assuming , you have a nexus , the internal memory should show up as a normal sd card would in other phones . when you connect your phone to a pc and then mount it , it ought to show up as a removable drive . you can use aldiko - it is an ebook reader ( currently freeware ) that works well with epubs . copy the . epub file and drop it in your phone ( after mounting ) place the . epub file in * phone_directory/ebooks/import unmount , and start aldiko press the menu key , and hit import , give it some time to copy the file , and you are done ! the newly imported book should now show up on your bookshelf . the official faq might also help . edit : an alternative ( easier ) method using the same app , available on google play . i found that i could import the . epub without connecting the device to a pc . this was verified with a nexus 7 , which does not have an sd card . navigate to aldiko 's main page . after selecting files , you can browse the files on your device . select the . epub file you want to read and select import . the . epub will show up in the aldiko library .
there are the two things of note that i see in your data : the instructions indicate that you should use fastboot -i 0x1949 boot u-boot.bin . this is actually not correct , because the fastboot boot command is intended for hotbooting a boot . img , not a bootloader ( they are different ) . the original xda instructions give the proper command , which is fastboot -i 0x1949 flash bootloader u-boot.bin . this will install firefirefire on your device , overwriting the stock bootloader . generally , if your kf hangs at the boot splash screen , it is stuck in fastboot mode . you can reset it to the normal boot mode by connecting it to a pc and executing fastboot -i 0x1949 oem idme bootmode 4000 and then rebooting . if you have firefirefire installed you can leave off the -i 0x1949 flag because it uses a different vendor id .
i called up verizon support and they had me simultaneously hold the three keys : volume up power home but after 30 seconds , still no response , so they had me remove the battery for ten seconds and reboot . after reboot , the phone seemed back to normal .
see if default app manager works for you or not .
since you have not mentioned i am assuming you have not tried this . you have to select ' use by default for this action . ' .
in android 4.0 you can ( starting at home ) press the menu button select search type in : default browser select the thing that it finds and the rest should be similar to another answer here and fairly obvious .
if you are running ics just go into your settings , choose app associations , choose web urls , and set what browser you want to open by default for any and all web urls that are opened within any app .
i sometimes have problems with the media indexer ( "media storage " service ) , then i just do the following to let it rescan and rebuild all media files on the phone : settings > apps > all apps > " default music player " > force stop , clear data , clear cache settings > apps > all apps > " media storage " > force stop , clear data , clear cache reboot phone unlock your phone and wait 10-20 minutes , do not do anything , do not open your music app , do not care if it locks again just let it be for at least 10-20 min .
as you can see on the right , it contains the private data for all apps . if you want to delete these data , you can do it by uninstalling apps or by clicking " clear data " in the apps manager .
if you have ever partitioned a disk , you might know how one partition can fill up , even though the disk itself has plenty of space . this is one of the drawbacks to partitioning . well , android partitions the disk , and then mounts the data partition onto the filesystem so that it all looks like one disk . the data partition is usually called , confusingly , " sdcard " ( the reason for the name is another story ) . this partition is mounted on the directory "/mnt/sdcard " . the size is fixed by the manufacturer , and can not be easily changed . it would require root access , and a program to resize partitions . recent versions of android allow programs to store parts of themselves on the sdcard ( named " extsdcard" ) if you have one . i do not know why you can not use the data partition instead , but apparently you can not do it this way . the result of all this is that without root access and knowledge of disk partitioning and the android filesystem , there is not much you can do except delete what you do not really need .
no , it would not make a lot of difference to the battery life , and it is just as likely to increase power consumption as to decrease it . the screen would still draw the same amount of power . all that you had be saving is that the gpu would not have to do as much work to shade pixels ( i.e. . determine the colour of each individual pixel ) - but that would come at the cost of having to scale up each 720p frame to the 1080p physical resolution of the screen itself . you had only get a net benefit from that in certain kinds of game where pixel shading is very expensive . such games often do this already - they render expensive parts at a lower resolution and upscale - to keep within the 16ms budget for rendering each frame . at all other times , the upscaling would be unnecessarily costing you power .
let me guess . . . you turned on gpu rendering in the developer options ? some apps that do not properly support it will do that . try turning that off . also , on an unrelated note : you can take screenshots by holding power and volume down .
i am pretty sure that you wont lose the functionality of lock screen camera . but check once before encrypting because you need to hard reset/repair to decrypt xperia phones .
what about , if you transfer your data to a computer , then you try to encrypt your phone and if it works , you can transfer data from computer to phone . if it does not works , you can still hard reset it .
you will struggle to get a sim card that is not on a contract in japan . even then , it is really hard if you do not have a japanese passport . the best option i am aware of would be to get a sim from www.mobalnarita.com. disable data on your phone and use wifi only . data charges in japan are really expensive .
sim-locked phones need to be unlocked for use on other carriers . almost every phone you get will be sim-locked . the most easily unlocked phones i know of are the galaxy s line . the only other thing you need to check is the radio frequency bands used by the device and the carrier . if they match , you are in luck . " quad-band " devices should work on every gsm network .
you can use a new dialer which supports this . i have tried swipe dialer free and it does this ( you get the same icon for all outgoing calls whether they were answered or not but for the un-answered call , you will have " not answered " mentioned " p.s. - if your dialer shows the duration of call then i think for non-answered outgoing calls , it will show "0m 0s " . all other calls will have different durations . so , you can differentiate between them ( if this is what your purpose is ) .
those permissions ( call , sms ) are in most cases used for " quick-access-widgets/shortcuts " the launcher provides . to create a call widget for a contact , the contacts need to be read , which again might need the account data in some cases to retrieve them . so all those permissions are obviously making sense in context of a launcher . of course this does not mean they cannot be abused . so i would either stick with a heavily used / well known app , or have additional protection ( pdroid , lbe ) . you explicitly mentioned apex , which i use on some of my devices . on others i use golauncher ex . i also use lbe to keep watch . none of these two launchers ever misused these permissions ( at least i never got a warning ) -- though i must admit i did not check all the logs thoroughly all the time .
i might not be 100% right , but as a launcher i think the permissions are for the following : directly call phone numbers : if the launcher has its own dialer , you need to give it permissions to be able to do calls , else you would end with a dialer that doesnt dial . access mail information , read your text messages ( sms or mms ) : same as above , launchers many times have direct access to your smss , so it can be either displayed or linked to your home screen . read call log , read your contacts : this has to do with the first one , if you let use it the dialer , call logs and contacts should also be used when trying to dial , else you would end having to type the entire number you want to call . find accounts on this device : i suppose this one refers to the google account if your contacts are stored there . so if the above permisions are for a launcher , you should not worry since they are pretty usual . as for the launcher root issue , i think its a jb issue . i am using the stock right now , but in ginger bread and ics i was using a non-stock launcher and could add widgets without problems .
there is actually no need to " black hat " or sideload the app . if you can not find it in your google play search , or if clicking on " download " from the http://facebook.com/home page lands you in the google play install page but it says your device is not compatible , then do not worry , there is another way . i have a sony ericsson xperia p and i googled hard for a solution ; then i read that facebook pushed an update recently which ( in addition to adding support for 2 more phones ) let 's you " use home anyways " . so how to install home in the first place , you say ? head on over to 1 mobile market ( http://www.1mobile.com ) and download their app . once installed ( make sure you enable " allow unknown sources " in your phone 's security settings ) , look for facebook home in the 1 mobile marketplace and install ( again , make sure you can install from unknown sources ) . it should run automatically once installed and you should see the " use home anyways " option . facebook home the legal and official way . worked great for me ! enjoy !
although infuse 4g is not officially supported by cyanogenmod yet , there are quite a few gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) based roms for it available on xda developers forums . an unofficial port of cm7 is currently under development for infuse 4g . if you are feeling adventurous , and are somewhat knowledgeable in linux , you can compile your own version of it from latest sources , as described here .
appears to currently be us only , and only added in the latest epic 4g update . however the marketing materials keep mentioning galaxy s devices , rather than any specific models , so it could well roll out to the rest of the galaxy s range in future updates , or possibly even via the on-device samsung apps store that most galaxy s 's have ( assuming your phone company has not removed it ) . however it is worth bearing in mind that this is a transparent attempt to lock you into samsung for future phone and tv purchases , as once you have built up a large library of paid content on their media store , you are probably not going to want to move to hardware where you can not watch that content . if you are happy with that then ok , personally i will stick to more hardware independant media vendors .
no , i have had media hub since i was running 2.1 in august 2010 ( on my vibrant ) . i am sure you could get it from somewhere and side-load it .
linux has an file system wrapper thingy called cifs that allows it to mount an smb share ( windows shared folder ) transparently as a standard folder to the file system . looks like there is an android app for creating and managing cifs mounts - cifsmanager . using it , i assume you could make your android device see all the files in the shares just like they would be on your memory card . the app does list " playing music " as an example use case in it is description , so i expect it could be used for this purpose . i have not looked at how it works yet , but intend to now that you made me interested in the use case . : ) i will edit the answer when i have had time to test this . note that the app requires root . also , do not know if it can automatically reconnect the shares when they become available . and i am not sure if it messes up the android music player or file management system or whatever if the mounted files it was accessing suddenly become disconnected ( i would expect that android can handle it , though ) .
hey man you could try samba network music player - it was specifically designed for this purpose . still in development but it works .
you can use winamp to sync your music wirelessly between your phone and that share . you can find a guide on how to do it here .
you may try the preview version of ' soumi music player ' at the following link for playing mp3 files from your network shared folder . https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/soumi-music-player-preview
a squeezebox server ( download ) running on the pc will allow any device on the network to connect to the mp3 stream it broadcasts . you can add songs to the playlist via the web interface from the pc or your phone 's browser , or install one of the android squeezebox controller apps like squeeze commander . see also this previous question client-server android audio remote
one option would be something like the vlc stream and convert app . you actually do not even need the music to be on a shared drive for that one to work , you just need vlc installed on the pc and a wifi lan to share ( or 3g and some network security know-how ) . it was pretty easy to set up over the lan on my linux box , but ymmv on other configurations , i suppose .
es file explorer will let you play media files . . . but i think you have to pick them one at a time to play them . . . not sure if you can play a list of songs . . . .
subsonic is also a great way to share music with you android device over wifi or even the internet . there is also an subsonic android app . or you could use google music , which is currently us only .
audiogalaxy supposedly does this . i have not used it for myself .
according to the specifications your phone has 512mb memory , which is quite close to the lower limit for actual 3d games like n.o.v.a. 3 . because the os must read the game data into the allocated ram for the game-process ( a lot less than 512mb ) . the game-data is propably bigger than the total allocated ram space so android starts to cache the stuff internally ( internal flash space , not sd card ) . so after loading the game the sd-card class/speed is not the most important part . a faster sd-card will probably just speed up the loading progress but not the gaming experience itself .
this is a paid solution , but if you download better contacts you can get the functionality you want . and it is less than $3 .
typing out an organization name in the main search box displays the relevant contacts that have the info in the organization field .
you will have to remove the information from the name field . then your business or your organization will be displayed in the contact list . you can put the individual names of people in the company in the note 's field . you are basically saying the company is your contact entry , not the individual . of course you can also have other contacts in your list by person 's names . you can fill out organization/business info fields in those also . when searching , you will see their names in the list .
have you checked in Settings -&gt; Language and keyboard ? deselecting it from here should help .
adb pull does not seem to provide a flag to pull selected files . as a workaround , you can do this : use adb shell [Unix shell command] to copy selected files to a temporary location and then pull all files from that location . update : you can use cp -u [source] [destination] unix shell command to copy only modified files on subsequent run . you can also use -r flag to use it on subdirectories recursive , if its required .
i am seeing conflicting information . one resource says it is hardcoded , so not something you can change user-side : android-specific init programs are found in device/system/init . add log messages to help you debug potential problems with the log macro defined in device/system/init/init . c . the init program directly mounts all filesystems and devices using either hard-coded file names or device names generated by probing the sysfs filesystem ( thereby eliminating the need for a /etc/fstab file in android ) . elsewhere /etc/vold.fstab and /etc/vold.conf are mentioned . i have them on my device under cm 7.1 but i am not sure of how they are used .
do not think about android as a heavily modified linux distribution . because it is not . the nearly only thing that android shares with a linux distribution is the kernel . and even this component is modified . also other core components , like the libc , differ . android has no /etc/fstab you do not need /etc/fstab to mount an partition . but there is iirc no mount command either . dev_mount should work ( root required ) . to answer your questions title : all startup system mounting is done with the/etc/vold.fstab helper script .
the fstab file is in / . it is called /fstab.$systemname.rc where $systemname is based on the handset 's fingerprint property , either identified as category of chipset or handset itself .
you can remount your external storage to be executable by running mount -o remount, rw /mnt/sdcard  this will remove the noexec , nosuid and nodev flags , but it will still be vfat fs . you can make links to this fs but not from within . the remount does not survive a reboot , because the vold . fstab file will be read and they will be remounted at reboot with the noexec flags . if you reformat any of your external storage to anything other than vfat , then they will not be remounted at reboot , and any apps that you have moved to any external storage will not be usable . if you do not intend to use external storage for apps then you can unmount your external storage and use busybox mke2fs DEVICE to make it ext2 . use busybox newfs_msdos DEVICE to return it to vfat and make it usable again . note busybox mkfs.vfat is broken , you will get something like lseek : value too large for defined data type so do not waste your time . all of this assumes you are rooted , and have a working busybox binary .
you can add more than single account in android email app ( hope you know how ) . when you are inbox you at top you can find a drop down list with all your accounts names . you can choose one which you want to sent mail from . then just compose that mail and send it .
why not change the account name ? note : this is for email 4.2 . instead of having something like geffchang , change it to geffchang@email.com . in the email app : Settings &gt; Added accounts: [account] &gt; Common settings: More settings &gt; Account name .
i am afraid you can not senarvi , it is a fairly basic setting left out by the android developers to push people towards using a gmail account . you can setup the gmail account to ' pull ' email from another and also send using a different address ( set these up online , rather than through the device ) .
you should not need to do this for the archos 70 . do you have the archos 70 internet tablet or the archos 7 home tablet ? the link you have is for the archos 7 home tablet , which is an older model . if you in fact have a generation 8 , archos 70 , here 's the link you want : http://forum.archosfans.com/viewtopic.php?f=63t=42067 all you have to do is open the apk file on your tablet .
it could be referring to usb debug mode . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development to turn that off .
i use bittorrent sync a cross platform sync program using the p2p protocol . the files will only exist on your devices unless you set up a cloud based service to watch your file ( s ) /folder ( s ) . send and receive files of any size on any network , encrypted and visible to anyone whom you share the private key ( s ) .
the answer depends on what you want to do . adb and ssh serve different purposes , though they have some things in common : you can remotely access your android device , and execute commands on it . with adb you can do a lot more -- you will get an idea if you read the adb tag wiki and also follow the links contained there . one more thing in common : both can be used interactively . and one more shorty : they do not depend on each other . ssh to use ssh , you will need to install a ssh server on your android device . if the latter is rooted ( as a linux user , i do not need to explain that " root " is the administrative account , and also known as the " super-user " who has full access to everything ) , you can set it up to use the default ssh port -- otherwise you need to chose one above 1000 , as it is with linux . now you can interact with the device : copy files with scp , or log in to the device directly . this way you reach a shell , and can work on the device like on any other linux machine ( almost -- of course there are some restrictions , like e.g. no x-server being present , and a limited set of commands ) . adb with adb you can also establish such a " terminal mode " , by simply executing the command adb shell without any arguments . this directly brings you to the shell prompt . similar to ssh , you can also directly execute commands by simply pass them as parameters . in this case , as with ssh , you will be returned to your local terminal prompt once the command has been completed . adb offers additional commands , not only " shell " . so you can e.g. use adb push or adb pull to transfer files ( comparable to scp ) . all the other capabilities go beyond the scope of your question -- but above mentioned tag wiki should get you started here as well . one last word on adb : similar to ssh , this is a client-server model . which means , to execute adb commands from a client , you must have a server running . this is started when you enable " usb debugging " in the settings of your android device .
on some mtk65xx device , the bin4ry script failed to reboot the device after the first step . so , you have to do that manually . so , right after this line appear " successful , going to reboot your device in 10 seconds ! " wait until the restore data closes , then reboot i have the same problem with my local branded tablet , and manual reboot solved the problem , and the script proceed to step 2 and finished the rooting process .
download facebook contact sync . i had this same problem and found this tool . its not foolproof as the name in your contacts has to pretty much exactly match what they have in fb as their name . so people using weird names so they can not be found will not allow them to sync . otherwise it works well .
the facebook app does not have an option for it , so basically : you can not . facebook also provides no way to easily export contact information , so you had have to do it manually ( or with some crazy script/app that scrapes the info from the website ) .
i think you are talking about expanded desktops . can not you disable it from the power menu ? image from phandroid .
after digging through the source that roxan mentioned a bit , it looks like the following in /proc can tell you what cpu speeds are available and how much time has been spent in each : /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/stats/time_in_state however , it does give some other states that are not appropriate . for example , on my samsung vibrant , i get : 1400000 0 1300000 0 1200000 0 1000000 214141 800000 40092 400000 25273 200000 6159308 100000 389  but the chip 's standard clock is 1 ghz . so it looks like it should be fairly trivial to find the highest listed speed that has a non-zero time to it . for my purposes , this should be very adequate . edit : i have observed that sometimes the order in which the frequencies is listed can vary , so you will want to iterate through the whole list and find the fastest ( as opposed to stopping at the first non-zero ) . more edit : here 's a function that works for me :
i use this tiny , open source awesome app called cpu spy . not only this shows you the maximum cpu clock rate that your phone supports it also shows you all the clock rates that your phone supports . it will also display the total time and percentage the phone spends on each clock rate .
read this file to get the max frequency : /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/cpuinfo_max 
to contradict the above /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/stats/time_in_state  does not return the correct values . for example on my own device the frequencies are not correctly reported . as you can see , the clock speed on my device is 1200mhz - but only 1000mhz max shows in time_in_state . however , the following is correct cat /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/cpuinfo_max_freq 1200000 
if you install different countries rom , you will get some different app that follows in that country region .
yes , it is ok to flash stock rom from another country . but , take note that it may have different languages , and a different baseband/modem . having a different baseband can cause network issues ( or a very hot phone ) , but you can flash a baseband that works for your country .
yes , go to your profile in viber " you " at the bottom of page , go to " market sticker " at the top right corner , you see " settings " select it , and you can " on/off " your stickers . it is as simple ! : )
from the viber product page : can i delete sticker packages ? once you have downloaded a sticker package , it will remain on your device . however , you have the option of disabling sticker packages that you do not want displayed in your sticker menu . ​ enter the sticker market select the gear icon uncheck the box next to the packages you do not want to displayed in your sticker menu
best option is to request the desktop website on your google chrome browser . ( make sure you have the check box checked on your browser setting . just tap the menu button to the left of your home button on your phone ) . now go to google.com/imghp and you have the look and feel of the website like you had expect it on your computer .
google seems to block some webbrowsers/versions from search with image . if you change useragent string in your browser settings to firefox/4 ( or anything more than 3 ) google show you the camera-icon so you can search with a image again like was possible before . ( firefox have this setting under general . useragent . extra . firefox in about:config your phones browser might have it somewhere else )
have you tried using google goggles instead ? this is google 's app for doing a reverse image search using a camera . make sure to enable Search from Camera . you can also use an existing picture in your gallery . open settings ( circle button at lower right ) , then click the icon that looks like a mountain with an arrow ( 2nd button from left ) .
assuming the original photos are still available , the loss of the thumbnails is not an issue , so you can dispose of the corrupted files . the gallery app will read the images directly . in fact , certain space-management apps will delete thumbnails for space recovery . i use sd maid , which recommends their disposal in the systemcleaner panel . i have done this a number of times , without system degredation . the gallery obviously still works , as i can still find and display any of the near-1000 images taken on my phone . if you choose not to use sd maid to clean them up , you can do this manually with any file explorer app to find them in the dcim\thumbnails folder . this folder is the sibling to the camera folder ( dcim\camera ) . select and delete all the thumbnails without a problem , just do not do the same to the original images until you have backed them up .
pop is primarily a client-based protocol , meaning that the default behavior is for each client ( your phone in this case , perhaps outlook on a pc at home ) to download messages from the server . this means that the first client that connects to your account with take all email messages it sees . then , subsequent checks by other clients will not be able to find anything on the server because all those new messages are now stored only in the first client . pop clients can be configured to " leave a copy of messages on the server , " which is highly recommended if you want to use pop on multiple clients/devices . this sounds like you have got one or more clients connecting to your account that are not set to " leave a copy of messages on the server , " which means they are stealing messages out from under your phone . from your phone , this would look like they are disappearing . the easiest way to test this is to change your email account 's password , then only put that updated password in your account on your phone . if the mail stops " deleting " then you can use a process of elimination to identify the culprit client .
a standard , traditional headphone jack has 3 sections , for left , right ( outputs ) , and ground . the ones with the microphone added a 4th section , for monoaural input from the mic . there is no way to get stereo input through a single connection . as far as the quality goes , i do not really know , but i doubt that it is particularly high quality , as it was designed only for non-stereo voice .
i found this video on youtube : galaxy samsung s4 external mic for mobile phone . and here is the mic quoted on ebay . i plan to test it soon . it seems the vendor has positive feedback . it is noise-reducing microphone for the 3.5mm jack . i tried to check if the cited video has stereo sound . i believe it does , but i am not sure it did not come from some youtube stereo enhancement , so i cannot claim it for the microphone . i plan to use it for lectures , so it should serve for the purpose well enough .
go into the main settings app . find location access ( location services on some phones ) in the list of settings pages , and make sure all the settings in that page are on , in particular wi-fi and mobile network location ( which might have a slightly different name , such as use wireless networks ) . when you turn this option on , there is a dialog warning you that this periodically sends the visible wi-fi networks to google . this is how the location mechanism works , so you have to agree to it if you want this feature . even when it is on , it only works when you are connected to the internet ( either through 3g or wi-fi ) . it works by sending google the list of wi-fi networks you can see . google has collected a database of wi-fi network names and real-world locations , so with this information , they can reply to your phone with its approximate position . obviously this can only work with internet access . the similar feature in the ipad works exactly the same way , only with a different database maintained by apple instead of google .
4 months later support finally shared me the latest rom that solved all the above issues .
i think formatting is your last resort . sd cards do have a limited life , and only can perform so many read/writes before they give up the ghost . try to backup your sd card on your pc if you can . you could use an sd card reader . try your sd on another phone and see if it works . if it does , you know something with your phone is not right . use this opportunity to back up the sd ! try a different sd on your phone and see how that works . lastly , you could format the sd card and see if that helps , but you will permanently lose all data on it . if your rom has an sd-ext partition , your os will not boot . ( unlikely in this specific case , but worth noting for others . )
according to the official bug report here , starting at about post 26 , it seems the sentiment is that this is a hardware issue . i have contacted verizon and they are shipping me a replacement . i will update the question again if this does not permanently resolve the issue . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=23789q=label%3apriority-mediumcolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
adding a contact under google lets you sync it with your google account . i am also able to add a group to a contact , which is also synced with the google account . however , i am no longer using the stock contact app . instead , i am using touchpal contacts , which allows me to hide contacts without a phone number , something the stock app does not have .
which version of android is this ? i see no such menu in my phone . there is only sim storage , which should never be used except to import old contacts , phone storage which should only be used when you do not want your phone to be linked to an online address book , and synced storage which is usually google account but other apps that are installed on the phone might also provide facility for their address book . phone storage , google contact synced storage , and google+ synced storage provides grouping ability . availability of grouping for third party synced storage depends on their implementation . contacts from multiple address book providers can be joined into a single entry , so it can be used as a workaround to group contacts when the third party address book provider does not provide grouping facility of their own . yes , contact management in android can be a bit complicated , but that is because it is trying to solve a bigger problem , which is that most people have multiple address books with overlapping contacts . for example , i have google contacts , hotmail , yahoo , skype , and whatsapp . the ability to manage them from a single app , and join contacts from different address book providers is just ingenious .
the app that did the trick for me is auto proxy ( requires root ) . all apps work , including browser , maps , gmail , etc . and it worked on android 2.2 , 2.3 and 4.0 . additionally , wifi proxy settings are built in to ics , but i have had limited success with it . it seems to automatically disconnect from the wireless network . your mileage may vary .
there is a bugreport on the android site for this which is still open . you can set proxy settings for apn ( mobile network ) but not for wifi . in ics also only the browser will be affected by the wifi proxy setting . also authentification will not completly work at all ( see report )
sony xperia devices use a recovery-in-boot arrangement . while you can not simply flash a version of twrp or cwm , you can flash a kernel that includes what you need . for the xperia l , you can flash the phanton kernel , which includes cwm . there is no other way to do get cwm or twrp without flashing a new kernel .
i am not sure if it worked this way back when you asked the question , but this can be done without an addon . change firefox settings to tap-to-play plugins if not already set . then click the video link to open the file . firefox will not play the video if tap-to-play is set to on . instead of tapping to play , long-tap the video placeholder until you are presented with a menu which will include an entry to download the file .
download a downloader ( download manager ) app like adownloder . long press on the video url in browser and select " share " from the context menu . then select share with adownloader ( or any other downloader app that you install ) . this should start downloading using the download manager app . this may not always work as some sites do not let you download videos . give it a try . edit as of december 2012 , i do not see any way to get something like " save link as " option in firefox for android . however , in some cases clicking on a video link automatically starts downloading the video , but in most cases it starts playing them . best you can do is to request firefox to add this feature . meanwhile , you can try a download utility as i mentioned earlier or use an alternative browser that has this feature for your video downloads .
on android you have to add this feature via an addon . after installing the save link option will appear as on a desktop firefox . https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/android/addon/save-link-menus/?src=search
did you try chrome browser . it has the save link option in long press menu .
why do not you try running it on a different os ? dual-boot linux ( probably ubuntu ) you had be able to find much more info in the community forums and/or their official documentation . i doubt that this has to do with your device , more likely some missing dependencies on your host system . ( sry , i was not " allowed " to add this as a comment :- ( ) additionally , in your last line of the question you mention that in the 4.1 image everything works fine , whereas in the intel 2.3 x86 image it does not . according to the documentation , graphics acceleration is supported in sdk platform api 15 revision 3 ( 4.0.3 ) and higher . assuming that your remark about intel 2.3 x86 and 4.1 refer to android version 2.3 and 4.1 , respectively , this would be in line with the android documentation . furthermore , take a look at the android project issue tracker for similar bugs and updates . there is also a pertinent question on stackoverflow with some useful suggestions and user activity .
if you have tasker , you can use it to adjust your media volume based on proximity to a wifi network and many other conditions . i have mine configured to set the media volume to 1 when in range of the office wifi ( as well as setting the ringer volume to an appropriate level , etc . ) . you can also configure gestures as triggers , but i have not tried this .
in jellybean , when you hit the hardware volume keys , a slider pops up with a settings icon next to it . tapping on this icon allows you to change the media volume : click image to view larger version
i use the audio manager app for this . it allows you to control all the different volumes -- call , media , notifications , etc .
you can go to Settings &gt; Sound &gt; Volume and turn down the media volume all the way to 0 . i used automateit to mute media sound unless the earphone is plugged . a hack that i used to do is to just cover up the speaker hole until i can turn down the volume .
generally its better to get one that matches the brand . however it is the same technology so it may work . ask about the return policy to make sure you can return it in case it does not work . you should be fine , though i cant say with 100% certainty .
be careful - i have tried this this week and was unsuccessful . i bought a samsung galaxy s3/4/note etc mhl cable thinking they were all the same and the micro usb is longer than normal . it would not fit in my nexus 7 or my htc one x .
samsung has two types of mhl cable : an 11-pin one for their more recent phones , and a 5-pin one for their older phones . the 5-pin one is standard and will work on non-samsung phones . the 11-pin one only works on newer samsung phones . third-party manufacturers tend to also sell both kinds , so look at which phones the cable says it is for . if it says it is for samsung galaxy s4 , or if it is y-shaped with a second usb output , then it is an 11-pin one and will not work with your phone . see my other answer on how does mhl work ? to learn more about the difference .
please try and clear the app data and cache - this fixed the same issue for me .
you may not get 21mbps downloads on hspa+ , but otherwise , voice calls and data access should work just fine , provided you get a compatible sim card from the local provider .
i just bought a galaxy nexus ( unlocked directly from google play store ) and it works fine for me . i tested 2g and 3g over airtel networks .
in ics , persist.service.adb.enable=0 has been replaced by persist.sys.usb.config=mass_storage , so you if you want to eanble adb , you can setprop persist.sys.usb.config=mass_storage,adb
according to the official android documentation , another way to get this value is to use the getprop command . ( link takes you to search results for getprop . ) i have not tested this . i am assuming you want to also set this value , not just get it ? you can use the command line on the phone to do so . ( disclaimer : i have only tried this in donut , froyo , and gingerbread . ) setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 this is the usb debugging setting ; you can also just turn on usb debugging .
have a look at this discussion . is your problem same as the one discussed here ? if so , google is working on a fix .
here is the solution : get sure that u have enough free space in your internal memory . update your samsung kies . if you had connection problem with usb , download samsung mobile usb device : http://samsung-mobile-usb-device-1-0.soft32.com/ right click on samsung kies use compatibility mode ( windows pack 3 ) > before you start updating : go to your mobile and turn off music , wifi , bluetoot , gps . . as well . start updating .
i had the same problem , did everything i could think of . finally last night , i decided to try something different . i ran kies in " compatibility mode for xp sp3" it took forever , left the phone plugged in while i went to bed , woke up this morning with 4.1 finally on it . i run a windows 7 premium home 64bit . not sure if this will help with everyone 's problems with kies but hopefully it will help a few people . it is worth a try . my phone is a galaxy s iii from at and t . to change to " compatibility mode " do the following : go to C:\ drive , right click and click on `explore ' . go to \Program Files x86 , look for Samsung then right click on that folder . click on Properties then click the Compatibility tab and choose XP SP3 if you are given the option , select Run as administrator . i really hope this helps everyone else as it has me .
just run the kies with administrator permission . for windows 7 right click on the " samsung kies " or the " samsung kies ( lite ) " version and select " run as administrator "
same problem for me ( sgs2 i777 ) on windows 7 64bits : i could fix it by going to control panel => programs => programs and features . there is an option called run programs made for previous versions of windows : click on it , follow the steps , troubleshooting will start and a list of programs will appear , once the list is populated select samsung kies lite and select troubleshoot program , select start from there .
this is only due to the less memory on phone . try to uninstall some applications and media file from phone memory . automatically it will work .
i had a similar problem with the previous version of kies . every time i started kies ( with or without the phone connected ) kies would show a message that some components needed to be updated , even though i had the latest version of kies . after selecting ok , kies would start the update process and after a while just close itself without any warning . i experimented a bit and i think the problem has something to do with rights on your computer . i noticed that kies does install the components update properly when run from the administrator account , but strangely not when run from another account even when you tell it to " run as administrator " . i thought the problem would be fixed after i ran it in the administrator account , but when i started kies again under my normal ( not administrator ) account , the update message appeared again , and again kies shut itself down during the update . after that i gave up and just selected " cancel " every time the update message appeared . i upgraded kies itself this morning to version 2.5.0.12104_15 and now the problem seems to be fixed . the update components message does not appear when i start kies , but i haven’t tried updating the phone’s firmware yet .
had the same problem with a samsung galaxy s . i persisted and left it plugged in while i went on to do something else . when i came back later on the phone screen was all blue and the pc went to sleep : the phone was bricked the app then says it needs to restore from an error but it freezed the same way it did on the initial update attempts . i managed to get kies working " properly " on a computer with more memory . but it did not unbrick my phone . so if it goes silent do not insist . you can try on an other computer but my advice is not to use kies . you can flash the stock roms used in kies with another application . ( if you need i will give more info when i get home ) .
yes , of course it could be because you have a custom rom on your phone . most likely the rom has a buggy or poorly integrated touchscreen driver . drivers in custom roms often do not perform correctly , especially in unofficial or pre-release builds , and especially with non-essential functionality like light sensors .
even if all other ways fail , you can still root it the manual way : go to http://androidsu.com/superuser/ and download the latest su binary for your phone . ( arm , 3.1.3 , i would assume ) put the downloaded zip file into the root directory of your phone 's sd card . shut down the phone . boot the phone into recovery mode . on samsung devices , this is done by holding [ vol up ] + [ home ] during boot . select " apply update from sd card " and navigate to the zip file and confirm . the su binary is now being installed . reboot your phone afterwards . install the app " superuser " ( com.noshufou.android.su ) from the playstore . your phone should now be rooted . test it by running the superuser app . alternatively , there is this instruction from xda . i cannot provide guarantee that this will work . certain phone manufacturers take the process of rooting your phone as a void of guarantee .
probably there are not known tools for mac which can perform operations for android . however there is a best possible option to install virtual machine on mac and then install windows on it . or there is another solution from apple : 1 . install bootcamp from here 2 . after installing windows using bootcamp , you can use any windows tools for rooting your device . that is it . hope it helps u .
1 . install virtualbox on either your mac or linux 2 . install virtualbox extension pack ( on virtualbox download page ) 3 . install a windows virtual machine of your choice 4 . enable usb 2.0 in virtualbox for the windows vm 5 . install kingo andriod root inside windows 6 . root you are welcome .
if your nexus 7 is not rooted , install nexus media importer app and connect your hard disk using usb otg cable . the app will take care after that . the question does say that the device is rooted , but this answer can help visitors having unrooted nexus 7 .
you need to : root your nexus 7 install stickmount use a file explorer to browse the files on your hard disk
yes you can simply turn off/reduce your volume to 0 for the notifications and only keep the ringer volume as required . you can do this under settings> sounds ( as you have not specified any os details or the device make or model i can only give you a common answer )
the galaxy tab runs the android os , so no , you will not be able to install any software that is made for a pc ( unless they have re-made it for android ) . i do not believe you can connect a printer to it , but there may be ways to print wirelessly ( i have no experience with this ) . no mouse support that i know of as it is a touch screen device .
in addition to bryan 's answers - the very last question - no , you can not connect a usb flash drive .
here is a review that should clear up all of your questions . except whether or not it would run photoshop ( any version ) and the simple answer is no , it will not run any windows or mac software . i do not even think there is an emulator , but i may be wrong . either way it does not have the hardware to run both an emulator and photoshop , it would probably not run photoshop effectively even if there was a native version . there is also no usb port of any kind , not even micro ; it charges through a samsung proprietary cable .
for file interchange issues you may use dropbox . this utility is available for ms-windows , mac os x and linux ( and even iphone ) ; you will get a folder , which is synchronized between any of your machines . it is very comfortable , you can organize your shared file set on a desktop machine , then you have just wait for a while to appear it on your android device . i think it is more comfortable than using a pendrvie . ( dropbox is a commercial service , but you get 2 gbyte space for free . ) for iphone and ipad , which devices have no sd card slot nor any other way to exchange files with computers , it is a life saving solution . for using desktop software on your android device , you should try some kind of remote desktop , like vnc . i have not tried , but it seems that it works .
i had this problem too . it was not related to any driver on the pc as it worked and stopped working at some point . the problem was on the android phone which for some reasons had some configuration problems . to solve that , dial *#7284# on your phone so that it launches the phoneutil application . then , switch to the usb -> pda mode on the phone . connect the usb cable ( toggle usb -> modem and then usb -> pda modes if it does not work the first time ) the details are explained in : how to repair the usb connection problem on android samsung phones
i have solved the problem in a direct way . i have restored the phone to the factory state , and it worked . and i am convinced it is because of z4root ! i have tried the second time and the result was the same . be careful when you root the galaxy 3 samsung i5800 with z4root .
make sure your device is not connected to your pc . uninstall any drivers you currently have installed for it . reboot . install the appropriate drivers from this xda post ( supports more than galaxy s ) . install kies from samsung.com's galaxy 3 page . connect your device to your pc . this should work , but please note that when you root your phone you do so at your own risk . samsung does not support rooting .
just a thought based on what i experienced . i saw icons disappearing on an android tablet , when i move the apps to sd card or apps installed on sd card instead of internal default flash memory . are these apps installed on an external sd card ? if the sd card is not initialized when the home screen becomes active , they may not be available .
the default download location is /sdcard/download , i do not know if it is different for wallpaper . the current image used as wallpaper is stored in /data/data/com.android.settings/files/wallpaper .
gtalksms ( google project page ) does what you want ( and much more ) . edit : after actively developing gtalksms , i decided that it is time to spawn a new project called maxs . see my second answer . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
if xmpp is not a must have you should check out mightytext app and chrome extension . i use it every day . you do not need to have your phone near you because you see sms messages and you can respond from the app . you can even initiate a phone call from the extension ( web app ) .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) does what you want , and much more . you can reply to incoming sms messages or send them via xmpp . all you need is a standard xmpp client on your pc . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
android jelly bean has extended emoji support . there are various possibilities to type emoji by yourself : install an emoji keyboard and enable the language switch button on your default keyboard , to fast switch to the emoji keyboard . for example : new emoji keyboard use a messaging app which has in-app emoji support ( obsolete since android 4 . x+ supports it by default ) , like whatsapp or handcent sms or other 3rd party sms replacements you can enable basic emoji on android 4.1 jelly bean : simply go into settings > language and input > android keyboard ( settings ) > add-on dictionaries > emoji for english words . you may have to go back into add-on dictionaries , click refresh and install again . now , whenever you type out one of the emoji keywords in the regular android keyboard , you should see an auto-complete suggestion for an emoji icon . ( this is for aosp android , it may not work on custom roms or samsung/htc/lg/sony etc ) if your rom does not support the above possibilities , then maybe obtain root and install emoji font updater ( root ) to get natively supported emojis , but yeah you already have native emoji support as i understand from your question so this is mainly obsolete and i just write it if other readers wanna try : ) emoji keywords : up , down , left , right , star , smile , voltage , warning , victory , wheelchair , five-eighths , seven-eighths , liter , soccer , woman , man , telephone , phone , flat , sharp , note , multiplication , plus , minus , divide , snowflake , flower , question , exclamation , circle , paper , rock , scissors , arrow , baseball , soccer , golf , fahrenheit , celsius , degree , aries , taurus , gemini , cancer , leo , virgo , libra , scorpius , sagittarius , capricorn , aquarius , pisces , phone , telephone , airplane , sailboat , aleph , king , queen , bishop , knight , rook , pawn , church , temple , differential , plus , minus , multiplication , divide , trademark , male , female , five-eighths , seven-eighths , one-thirds , two-thirds , happy , heart , star , hourglass , infinity , integral , reference , sharp , flat , wheelchair , warning , voltage , victory
i believe handcent sms has the ability to allow a user to choose between the emoji style of ios5 / ios6 and android . there is an additional emoji plugin that one would need to install in order to get this functionality .
replacing will probably work . however adding or removing files might not , flashable zip 's need to contain a script which tells them what to do ( in this case : installing , moving , copying files ) you need to change these scripts to your desire , i do not know much abou that but xda-developers has a lot information about it . another problem might be some sort of checksum which verifies integrity . you can make a nandroid-backup and test it yourself ; )
unless the google play version is designed to work with sprint 's network , i do not think there is a process to do so . however , there is good news . first , nexus devices ( even from the carrier ) tend to be mostly to entirely bloat free . for example , the verizon nexus 7 2013 is completely stock . verizon loves to put bloat on their devices too . . . second , even if there is bloat on it , it should be very simple to root and remove the bloat . in the process , you will have to wipe your data , so if you want to use that option , you will want to do it right when you get the phone . . .
made it . . . after going to market account -> settings -> edit , i chose " show in menus " and now it works .
try the dialer one app . it is a pretty good ' phone ' replacement app . under ' advanced settings ' there is an option to specify ' phone prefix ' . this prefix will be added when you long click the call button . i tested by setting the prefix to '402' . i typed '8675309' and then long pressed the call button . it prefixed '402' and the number became '4028675309' . you can press the call button again to call the number .
a bit of overkill just for this , but if you are using google voice gvoice callback is a great rules-based dialing app . you can use regexes in the rules , so it would be easy to add a rule to prepend 402 to any 7 digit number .
this site describes how to get access to the serial console on the nexus s , which is really the only way of debugging boot problems . it is not for the faint-hearted , though : you need a uart-to-usb module , with resistors connected across certain pins , all connected to your phone . if you screw it up you will blow up the phone . the same information 's also mirrored here , in case the first site should disappear . btw , if you had tried asking this on stack overflow instead of here , you had have found this duplicate question which has the same link i just found :- )
you can try market helper ; requires root . market helper is a tool for android that helps users to be able to change/fake their rooted devices to any other devices . for example , it can turn your nexus 7 into samsung galaxy s3 in a few seconds . no reboot is required .
if you are just looking to install apps from google play , you can download the apks directly using apk downloader ; all you will need is the package name or google play url . then just move the files to your device and install normally . as a one v owner as well , i recommend looking into rhythmicrom . google play correctly detects my device as android 4.2.2 and it is smooth and stable .
according to this article tectiles 2 tags are based on the nfc forum type 4 tag standard ( though the article does not mention an exact chip ) . also samsung explicitly released tectiles 2 for use with devices that have non-nxp nfc chipsets ( like galaxy s4 ) . this means that these tags are compatible to all current android nfc devices including the nexus 5 .
the website is fraudulent . if you try to download the app , it gets you to " answer product surveys " ( that is , it is a cost-per-action scam ) , and then installs software on your pc . if there even is an android app at the end of it , it is almost certainly malware . think about it . why would apple give access to their closed chat system to some no-marks app that is not even on google play , when they do not give access to reputable software vendors ? why is not there any corporate information ( the name of the company , their address , or even the country they operate from ) on the download page ?
ma is not the same as mah . the former is a current rating , and the latter is the capacity of the battery . 1000 mah means the battery can supply a current of 1000 ma ( at its rated voltage ) for 1 hour , or equivalently , a current of 500 ma for 2 hours , etc . it tells you how much energy the battery can hold . the number in ma printed on the phone tells you how much current the phone can draw . it is like a safety rating , though i suspect the numbers are somewhat made-up for phones : it would be very unusual for the phone to actually draw that much current , and most of the time the amount drawn will be much less . there is no reason for those two numbers to be the same .
it has one major feature , at least on my phone , i can not watch playlists on the site , but i can from the app . i find that it loads faster and it is interface is much easier to use .
you should not lose any viewing features . the youtube application is simply a way to make it easier to view and search , without having to load the entire html pages . probably the only feature you would not be able to take advantage of ( and i do not know this for sure ) is uploading . you can use the youtube app to upload videos you have taken to your own youtube account . and like i said , you might be able to do this through the browser , but the app is just a way to make it easier . simplification is key .
yeah , that is by definition – and the reason why you should never move apps to sd if they provide widgets you want to use . sdcard gets mounted after the boot_completed broadcast has been sent . so apps installed on the sdcard are not able to receive this broadcast , and thus cannot provide their services " in advance " . depending on how fast your " homescreen " launches , it might already query the widgets before the mount was able to complete – and thus cannot find the apps installed there ( which explains the " default icons" ) . solution : move those apps back from the sdcard if you need their widgets .
if you want to watch videos that are located on an android phone or tablet , the localcast media 2 chromecast app will stream videos from your device to chromecast . note that not all formats are supported and that the performance depends on the device ( may be slow if old ) and on the wifi connection .
new skype version has excellent video call quality . the official version does not support video on galaxy s yet , though . so you need to install the hacked version ( check here ) . i have been using it on my samsung galaxy s and it rocks .
there are a few different options for video calling . i do not know how many of them will support the options you want , but i will try to specify their uses as best i can . the new version of google talk it supports video calling and handles it well . you have to call from within the app though , i do not believe there is built in platform support for calling from call logs . fring this is a widely used , multi-platform video chat app that has many options , and i know it allows you to remove your self image , group chat , and it pulls from your contact list to give you a list of other fring users . on occasion , it has worked with skype ( mobile-to-desktop ) , but in my experience , this has been spotty . qik the advantage to qik is it is incredible online support . it has been improved greatly since it is introduction to the mobile market . tango this got the last spot because it is personally my least favorite . you can only call to other devices using tango , which i find extremely limiting , but it is the same scenario for qik , so it'll have to be dealt with . it has very positive reactions from users though , so it is worth a look . i hope this helps you get a jump start on finding a solution to what you want . take a test run with one or a few of these and let us know what works best for you !
for #3 , tap the caller image in the log , and select the second shortcut for video call . if i remember correctly , this has been available since froyo ( 2.2 ) , but i am not sure ( running darky 's rom 10.1 , which is 2.3.3 ) .
until google does something about issue 1008 , ( which seems unlikely since it is about five years old now ) you are unlikely to get a better answer , but for what it is worth , this might help someone in a similar situation . at the moment you can not alter the mtu without root access to the device . in linux this operation requires root , so on android you either need to root the device , or google needs to provide system functionality that applications can use to perform the operation ( i.e. . resolve issue 1008 ) . there is an off-market program mtuchanger which can be used on rooted devices to change the mtu . if you can root your device you can sideload this and work around the issue . of course , you should complain bitterly about charter ( and rogers and the dozen or so other isps ) deploying 6rd in 2013 , when the rest of the world is moving past transition technologies and is doing native dual stack . 6rd is essentially isp-private 6to4 tunnelling , which is why the mtu has to be lowered from 1500 . as such , any company that deploys it is eventually going to have to do it again , and do it right .
i had the same problem and this is what i did . . . start at your home screen and swipe down from the top to display your notifications . at the top right , tap the gear/wheel ( which is settings ) . then , tap accounts . next , email . if you have more than one email on this app , you have to do the following for each email address--i have two on mine . you will have a screen that has an accounts heading and common settings heading . tap settings , then , on the next screen , tap the email you would like to adjust . sync settings will come up . check the email notifications box and then select a ring tone that will not make you crazy every time you hear it ! lol ! and that should do it ! p.s. you can also change your signature here as well , to personalize your outgoing messages by tapping signature and turning that function on . . : )
with mine , i had to sync my facebook account with the phone , and the email app started working again .
click on the button next to the gear that opens settings in the pull down menu and make sure that " sync " has been highlighted . this should fix it .
mx video player supports quite a number of video extensions namely . 3gp . avi . divx . f4v . flv . mkv . mp4 . mpeg . mov . vob . wmv . webm . xvid and many more but it will require you to install this codecs for gt-i5503 ( you will be auto prompted after you install the player but in case not , use the link ) . you will not need to convert videos anymore .
i highly recommend handbrake video converter . it can convert all common video formats to mp4 , mkv that the samsung video player supports . choose the ipod profile which is supported by most phones or you could also create your own profile . i always use handbrake to convert videos for my galaxy ace . the samsung gt-i5503 shares many similarities with the galaxy ace and as samsung is using the same layer of software on top of android ( touchwiz with all the apps such as music , video etc . . ) the same settings should work for your phone .
there is a repligo reader for android available . . . if you want some alternatives you should take a look at repligo reader alternatives for android
i use " autoit " make script and auto convert ( print ) to pdf .
for the most part , sure . i just put my galaxy nexus ( android 4.2.2 ) into airplane mode and tried to compose an email message with speech-to-text . it worked , but it was slo-o-o-o-w . and not as accurate as i would like . if you go into Settings &gt; Language &amp; input &gt; Google voice typing (settings) you can set which languages are downloaded to your device for speech-to-text . english is my default ( and is already downloaded ) but i see about 20 other files i can download . however , whether you can do this or how well it works depends a lot ( i think ) on your device and the version of the os you are running .
try editing /system/build . prop and change default item to the files you just added . this should fix the no sound issue .
i think what you are after is google 's device manager app ( search in play store ) . it lets you see the location of other google devices registered to your account . it is primary aim is for device security . e.g. location if stolen or lost , remote wipe , make the other device ring . if the two devices belong to different people , you can have more than one google account set up on your android device ( via settings -> accounts ) . just get the other person to add their account to your device ( but turn off the data syncing options unless you want all their email , contacts , etc ) if you want to view their location in device manager . my wife and i use it all the time to see where the other is , e.g. find out when to expect them home , or where i am while out cycling for safety . also viewable in a web browser from a pc .
from google+ help google+ allows you to share your current location with the people and circles you choose across google products such as google+ and google now . once you have enabled location sharing , google shares your best available location . you can share your pinpoint or city-level location with others , and you can do so on a circle-by-circle basis . for example : you can share your pinpoint location with family , and your city-level location with your co-workers . you can also change who can see your location or completely turn off location sharing at any time . to use location sharing , you need to : Turn Location Reporting on from a compatible device [Android] [iOS]. Enable Location Sharing and choose who can see your location.  turning on location reporting alone will not automatically share your location ; both of these steps need to be taken for location sharing to work . manage location sharing turn location sharing on or off on android location and city-level location . to share your precise location , touch choose people to share with on the " pinpoint location " card . to share your current city location , touch choose people to share with on the " city location " card . select ok . if you do not edit your " pinpoint location " or " city location " sharing settings , by default , your location is shared with " only you . " where does my location appear ? people you choose to share location information with will be able to see your current location on google products . for example , on your google+ profile , it is displayed below your name and profile photo on desktop , android , and ios devices . on android and ios , they will be able to see your location on a map in the locations destination in the google+ app .
no , there is no setting for the sensitivity . the touchscreen controller already filters the input it gets from the screen itself , so probably you would not be able to filter out the faulty touches without also filtering out real touches . what you describe sounds like a hardware problem . i would recommend giving the screen a wipe with a damp , soapy cloth , then a rinse with a damp cloth , then drying it . it might or might not improve matters , but it is worth a try . if that does not help , you probably need to replace the screen completely .
my first thought was the same as al everett 's answer but if you , for some reason , do not have that setting , you can achieve it through tasker . new profile -> event -> hardware -> choose the button event you had like -> done + button on the left bottom corner to add a task phone -> end call -> done and you are ready to go ; )
Settings | Accessibility | Power button ends call during a call , pressing power ends call instead of turning off screen .
having a similar issues on a nexus 7 2012 , from last few days . was working fine since i had bought it in october . i am still facing this issue as i write , after going through various forums , trying the following of workarounds : changing the channel to less crowded ones , although my galaxy s never had a problem with the same router since last 3.5 years turn off wifi , restart , enable wifi . one notable change i did was to remove the sim ( this is is wifi + 3g model ) , just wondering if that caused any issue . the only reason i removed the sim was because it was constantly prompting to restart the device ! ! !
looks like it is related to " wi-fi optimization " option under " advanced " setting in wi-fi screen . by turning it off i can consistently find the wifi ap i was looking for . once it is connected i can turn it on again without negative consequences . edit : nevermind , looks like it only help some of the time , there are still times when the device cannot find the ap every other device has no problem discovering and connecting to . . .
if you have a routed phone/android , log into the system as root and use the program manager " pm " to systematically remove each app/gapp you do not want . if that breaks a feature you need , use pm to put it back and move on to other " bloatware " you want to remove . to use the shell install the android sdk package . i would suggest that you backup a package before removing it : is it possible to backup apk from an installed application ? so , having your clean custom built rom , you should be able to use the same feature to individual install which particular gapp you want from your backup . installing an app is simple from the cli : $ adb install -s example.apk  by the way , this is a good reference for the android debug bridge ( adb ) commands . look at the install section :
you might wish to check with are there any solutions other than flashing gapps , to have google accounts on cyanogenmod ? – where i named an alternative : on xda , you can find the nogapps project , which basically is an opensource replacement of most google apps ( including playstore ) , often mapping to free alternatives ( e . g . openstreetmap for maps ) . the " elements " come as separate packages to install , so you can pick the ones you want – and simply skip the others . status is different for each of the services : some are actively developed , some are " not yet usable " , some seem even to be " abandoned " ( like the playstore replacement blankstore , which is discontinued since 2012 – but luckily seems to have a successor named blank store ) . i have not ( yet ) used it , so i cannot tell which parts are essential or how well those replacements work . but head over and check out for yourself . marvin seems to still actively be on it ( last update of the " lead post " was just a few days ago ) . as for " zero bloatware " and " android without google " , you might also wish to check my answer here ; )
it turned out that backing up , reformatting the internal drive and restoring the backup . after doing that , i also copied the internal partitions from another reader and the problem is solved . i suspect that it is the formatting which solved the problem but am not sure . procedure in this forum post .
finding out where it is stored is easy . there is a terrific little app called diskusage that visualizes the space your folders take up . you can easily spot where the music cache is . as for moving to a new rom . based eldarerathis ' answer to your previous question , you should be able to make a backup of play music 's music . db either from a terminal or using an app like titanium backup . restoring this file on the new rom should make cached music show up .
the sync options are located within the facebook app itself in settings . for example , photo sync options are located under Account &gt; App Settings &gt; Sync Photos .
android has a very limited implementation of linux shell functions . busybox utility expands on the selection somewhat , although it is still not a full linux set . it can be installed on most rooted android devices . specifically for ls , only the following options are available via busybox : the characters allowed in file names on android are no different from those allowed in other linux-based systems . as always , it depends on the filesystem .
you can use wild card characters for these cases . use * for multiple characters and ? for single characters . ls lib* will find files that begin with lib .
applications do not have to care where the storage is . they just ask the android system to give them a " pointer " to it . there are specific api calls for this , like getExternalStorageDirectory() . for details , you might check on our sister site : get the right external storage from android devices .
google play was formerly android market . your phone would originally have had android market ( i am assuming its an old one , probably gingerbread ) . when you did a factory reset all the updates were reverted back included on android market ( aka google play ) . android market automatically updates itself so give it some time and it should update itself to google play .
igcamera you can select the audio source that you wish with this app . more info : http://davidhadaller.com/note/2012/jun/02/android-alternate-camera-apps-and-using-bluetooth-audio-input-video
you should be able to find the mac address in your settings . Menu | Settings | About phone | Status | Wi-Fi MAC address
if you have a phone with low memory ( like the g1 ) and spend your day switching between a couple little applications , then lowering this number will speed up your system and allow more programs to stay loaded up , making switching faster . if you have heavy weight applications ( such as the fb app ! ) that can not get their jobs done inside the limit you set , they will crash and die for no apparent reason until you increase the number enough that they can survive . i usually find this preferable . switching apps on my phone is slower , but the big jobs do not randomly crash .
here 's a great article someone wrote on the effect of changing it , very detailed : http://ryanolson.wordpress.com/2010/07/13/test-how-changing-the-max-amount-of-memory-per-vm-heap-can-effect-your-rom-cyanogen/ in short , with the g1 , it can cause bigger applications to crash . i would just recommend you keep it default or find a value that you do not see any crashes in applications with . as far as anything else goes , in the short period of time searching else where and reading over different posts . could not personally find any other effects , other than possibly battery life .
in addition to the above answers , note that different devices have different defaults . for example , on the motorola xoom the default is 256mb . as a developer , it may be worth testing apps with lower than default settings to make sure they will work on as wide a range of devices as possible . . .
no , download mode does not provide you with access to the phone 's files , and yes , the error message you see looks very much like it is telling you you are trying to boot an unsigned rom from a locked bootloader .
stability battery life you should be able to get an idea from reviews/comments/etc . about how well each rom performs in those areas . for an ereader that is really all you need .
go here and follow the steps : official cyanogenmod thread for htc one download latest version from here : official cyanogenmod downloads for htc one regarding your problem , getting stuck in a bootloop may mean that you forgot to flash the kernel ( boot . img ) or did not flash it properly . do that again .
the app 's description on the playstore does not speak of " unzipping files to your sdcard " . it rather seems to simply " handle " them , only temporarily extracting files to process them . which would explain why you cannot find the files anywhere outside the zip-file itself ( or outside that app ) . if you want to extract files to handle them separately , you might rather wish to take a look at e.g. androzip dateimanager instead , which is explicitly stating to extract files : androzip file manager helps you copy , delete , move , unzip/unpack , compress , encrypted zip supported , search , and organize your files , music , pictures , and folders just like you would do on your pc .
long tap the colornotes app , then it should be in the home screen . let me know if you already tried this .
since the anwer seems to be : " no there is not " , my workaround was to use an rss-reader widget , and the following rss url : search.twitter.com/search.rss?q=keyword . i think its strange i have to go through such hoops , since twitter provides a html-widget for exactly this purpose . i was expecting at least one android app to mimic this functionality .
there do not seem to be any widgets that let you monitor twitter for certain keywords , but here 's a workaround that might do the trick . try an application like meta widget . it can turn any webpage to a widget .
maybe u can try this ( tweetcaster for twitter ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handmark.tweetcasterfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5oyw5kbwfyay50d2vldgnhc3rlcijd
i do not think you can do something like that in a widget . however i allways wanted to test this app falcon pro ( for twitter ) , but i do not think you can have a widget , but you can make a search and save it for latter and do not have to retype every time . janetter for twitter has this option of saving searches and notifies you about them , but it does not have a widget . . .
there probably is not much you can do to fix htc 's widget . on the other hand you can purchase launcherpro plus which has its own people widget which works perfectly fine for me . launcherpro qr code : otherwise you can look around on the market and i am sure you will find another people widget somewhere .
i believe i observed a similar issue . . . i simply waited a few seconds and then pushed the screen side-to-side without leaving the screen . i saw the widget sort of refresh with the contacts back in order .
you could try call confirm , which gives a popup to confirm if you want to call said person . i have not tried it myself , but i have heard it is recommended for accidental touch screen issues . qr code for call confirm :
according to the android dev guide , files written to the internal storage such as the angry birds data cannot be accessed by other applications by default . i am guessing that rovio used mode_world_readable instead of the default , however . maybe this was a mistake or maybe they plan on having future apps being able to read your progress and unlock sometihng , or whatever . of course , this does not bar the possibility that an android exploit is being used to bypass the file privacy , but who really knows besides the author of the backup app ?
use syncmypix ( appbrain | market ) , it links up contacts with your facebook friends based on names and downloads their profile picture for your contact picture . it might take a few tweaks for incomplete/weird names the first time round but should only take a few minutes . you can set it to run routinely to keep them up to date too !
as far as i know , full facebook integration with pictures with the native app has not yet come to ics . for you to get that kind of integration would need you to hack the contacts source code and add it . additionally , even if they did come , i would guess that the app pull smaller low-res pics designed for 2.3 or lower as ics uses full screen contact tiles instead , your best bet is to use the app friendcaster . it is a fully featured facebook application that also has ics support , facebook integration with contacts and the ability to download high resolution pictures . it works perfectly on my phone running ics 4.0.3
the official facebook app will add pictures to your contacts if you set it to sync your contacts . looks like @dunhamzzz got the syncmypix part in before me , i did not get a message that said that there had been a new answer , though . i do not like that the facebook app removes all the data that it adds to your contacts if you remove the application . to counter the facebook issue , i use an app called syncmypix that can pull your facebook contacts and put the image on your contact on your device . the nice thing about syncmypix , if it does not match a contact , it lets you go through them at the end and say " sync this facebook contact with this android contact " , and it remembers that mapping so the next time you sync , they are " connected "
haxsync will sync facebook ( high res ) photos to your ics device .
it is not the battery retaining state , it is the phone circuitry retaining state . even when you use a " power off " command and your phone looks powered off some of the circuits will still be connected to the battery so that the phone can be turned on by just pressing the button . so there will be some circuitry powered on even after the phone was " powered off " . this is likely a bug in the circuitry . this actually happens to devices - you sometimes need to " power cycle " them by unplugging them from the power source and then plugging them back . in case of a mobile phone that requires removing and then installing the battery .
according to this review , you may need to create playlists in the android 's stock music player app , and micoach will pull those playlists in .
google maps navigation also provides live traffic information along your route , updated every few minutes . a red/amber/green light in the corner shows if there are any traffic problems anticipated along your route . if there are , you can see where the holdups are and have the option to press to re-route which will find a route avoiding the traffic holdups . source : http://mobile.jack-frost.co.uk/google_maps_navigation_review_uk.php also : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=4f7b34dd18f74b75hl=en ( via : google search for " google navigation amber green light " )
try folder organizer lite . it is an extended version of apps organizer . it lets you not only tag apps , but also bookmarks and contacts . it is free .
i do not think there would be a reliable way to do it automatically , but app manager claims to do this . i group the apps i use on my home screens , so that games are on one screen and apps on another , with related apps in the same row ( e . g . instant messengers ) . you could do something similar . you could also create folders and put your apps in them . i believe app manager can help you do that as well .
there is an app called apps organizer that will let you " tag " applications into groups . you can then put folder widgets on your homescreen of each of these " tags " to stay organized . i have used it before , it works well if you keep your tags up to date .
i do not think there is a way to " tag " apps but apparently you can ( see bryan 's answer ) . the rest of my original answer : you can create folders on the home screen , label it " games " or " notes " and put shortcuts to apps in there . to do this long press on the home screen select " folders " , then " add folders " , then " new folder " ( steps may be slightly different on your phone ) . once the folder is on your home screen you can then drag an app on top of it to add it to the folder . to rename the folder : open the folder and then long press on the title bar of the folder at the top - after a few seconds a dialog will pop up to allow you to rename your folder . hope this helps edit - i was in the process of editing my answer to include what matthew said about grouping apps on different home screens - but he beat me to it : ) . i use this method for games where i have all my games on one home screen .
in case if your phone is from htc ( and has htc sense launcher ) you may add a folder on any page , like " todo " , " games " , " internet " , " new apps " , etc . i use this approach in my case , and i add every new application to the " new apps " folder just after install .
i would suggest taghome launcher ( freeware ) it is quite easy to use : you can create as many tags as you want and assign ( zero or more of ) these tags to applications ; all new apps are falling into " no tags " category and are easy to spot and assign tags to . the launcher is not flashy , but it is quite fast ; i have tried several top rated ones before choosing taghome
adw launcher lets you group apps in the app drawer . i have a group setup for games and an icon on my home screen that shows that group .
i just tried with my archos 70 and alarm clock plus v2 and it did not seem to work at first but when i played with the headphone-jack and pulled it out about half a millimeter and it worked . this would seem to be a problem with the jack , but it works just fine when playing videos or music . i think the issue might be that the alarm clock apps are sending the audio out on just one channel and it is not getting picked up for some reason by the stereo speakers . i remember i used to have a similar problem with my old walkman and certain headphones and i would have to pull the jack out just a little bit . i know theory does not make complete sense because it still should work just out of one speaker but it is something i have noticed about 3.5" headphone jacks for years and can not explain it . also , if you do not want to mess around with playing with the depth of the jack or trying a mono speaker , you could set the alarm clock plus to launch pandora which would probably play just fine over the stereo speakers .
these apps really work . there are lot of apps that i have used to reduce eye strains such as lux auto brightness , darker pro , juice defender ' s brightness settings , etc .
i see your device has a snapdragon chip . check to see if you have partitions that you can actually read by typing su ls /dev/block/platform/msm_sdcc.1/by-name/  if you see something called recovery there , then you are in luck . su dd if=/sdcard/part_13_cwm_9_22_17_32.bin of=/dev/block/platform/msm_sdcc.1/by-name/recovery  if it is not there , then you must try the one in the cwm thread again . i have never heard of a device-specific nonexistent partition before , so perhaps you just typed it wrong or you forgot to su . i apologize if this is not of any help .
you will have to root your phone first , and probably set it s-off to be able to write to the /system directory while booted . see this question for information on what rooting is . s-off is the next step that gives you full control all of the time . neither are something you should do without understanding the risks .
have you tried any of the steps to kick-start a truculent app ? have you re-entered your account and password information ? have you tried changing any of the sync options for your google account ?
this sounds very strange . i have generated a few app-specific passwords ( which look like " abcd-efgh-ijkl-mnop" ) for a few devices and have never heard from them since . google says : " application-specific passwords do not expire " on the other hand , main password , which has to be accompanied with security code ( "12345" ) does expire quite quickly . please , make sure you use 16-letter app specific passwords , not the main password with security code .
you can easily achieve the first with llama , a free app ( easier to use than tasker , its location sending works with cell towers ) but for the call recording i think you would need tasker for that ( as call recording is not that easy to achieve on android )
on my galaxy s4 downloaded music goes to /storage/sdcard0/music and streamed music goes to /storage/sdcard0/amazonmp3/temp/ . streamcache
i ultimately found the m4a files in /mnt/extsdcard/android/data/com . amazon . mp3/files/music the trick , however , is that they are hidden files . they do not appear when viewing the folder with either the native file manager or rootexplorer ( even when " show hidden files " is checked ) . they are found only by using rootexplorer to search the device for " m4a " files . at least now i know they are on the sd card anyway .
i found that by opening the local gmail app and navigating menu > more > settings > username@gmail . com > ( uncheck " make priority inbox your default inbox . . . " ) and click on " sync inboxes and labels " and change the option for " priority inbox " to " sync none " . this seems to work for me . however , i just tested it once and i did not get the priority notification so i hope this will help you .
all you need to do is . . . open the gmail app go to settings if you have multiple accounts , click the specific account for which you want change it make sure the priority inbox check box is unchecked . in the same page under the data usage look for a 3rd option manage labels and click that click the 2nd option you ll find " priority inbox " option click on that and uncheck all the options there . . . . now all the features under the priority inbox option will be disabled . . . . . this absolutely worked for me . . . . .
menu button -> more -> settings -> priority inbox . i have it enabled on the web and that option unchecked to disable it in the app . latest gmail v2.3.4.1 .
change your passwords before you hand it in . then go into settings/applications etc and stop all the apps , clear data/cache etc . remove the sd card .
make a full backup , wipe everything , remove memory cards if present , send for repairs , restore backup after you receive . this is neither difficult nor time-consuming if you use something like nandroid backup . http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/how-to-perform-and-restore-a-nandroid-backup/
this is impossible because the setting does not exist . maybe you coud broadcast to these people or try a alternative app .
izzy 's comments lead me to correct path , so i have managed to root the device . if somebody else having the same problem ( auto-root programs do not work but you can access device using adb root ) , here is complete how-to to root your phone manually : install Superuser from clockworkmod on google play directly to your phone prepare adb as root and make /system writeable : adb kill-server , adb root , adb remount ( you might need to kill adb.exe in task manager if it hangs ) pull the just downloaded apk to your computer : adb pull /data/app/com.koushikdutta.superuser-1.apk ( note : it may have different name in the future ) on your pc : open the apk using zip ( for example rename extension to .zip or use winrar ) copy from zip system\bin\su to your working directory push it to your phone : adb push su /system/xbin/su be sure that owner is root : adb shell chown root:root /system/xbin/su set suid and sgid bits on the binary : adb shell chmod 06755 /system/xbin/su reboot phone : adb reboot try su from adb : adb shell , su ; prompt should change from $ to # try su from phone : install terminal and use command su or use Root Checker Basic from the store if su from adb works but does not work from phone , repeat whole process from 1 but download different Superuser application from market ( for example chainsdd 's version did not work for me )
the blank space disappears when you restart the phone .
i am assuming that you are talking about home screen . if yes , press and hold on clock widget and drag it up . i will answer more precisely if you post a screenshot .
the google search bar is built into the launcher . you can disable the bar , but you can not remove the empty space . the best bet would be to use another launcher ( like you mentioned ) or to install a custom rom . i have a moto g as well , and although i love the stock android look , i am now using nova launcher due to it is customizability and the ability to remove the search bar .
there is a list of things one can do to improve battery life . the easiest ( attention , black humor ) is turning the device off , next to switching it to airplane mode . in general these two things are not worth a consideration -- but with all things operable , i have seen no smartphone yet lasting more than 2 days . my old htc buzz currently makes it a week ( 7 days , and still 40%+ left ) -- but it neither has a sim card inserted , nor wifi enabled ( so you see , most energy goes for being permanent online ; i just carry the buzz as backup , since i did not yet transfer all apps to my new phone ) . my motorola droid 2 ends up at about 70% at the end of the day ( after about 17h runtime ; so it would basically last ~2 days ) , and i am not really doing that much . but to provide something useful , here comes a short ( and incomplete ) list : one of the largest energy consumer is the display -- so this area is where you can save most : make the display timeout as small as possible ( and just as large as needed ) . 30s is a good value . you probably do not need 100% brightness , so turn it down as low as possible . handicap : if it is not bright enough when you need it , it is hard to find the appropriate setting . on some devices/roms some toggle-switches are integrated into the status area ( if not , there are apps to do this ) , so you can blindly draw it down and hit the correct corner to toggle it up . at least on the motorola droid , there is one consumer clearly topping the display using twice as much : umts up/download . so if you do not really need to constantly transfer big data , or rely on umts as there is no gsm available ( unlikely ) , switch 3g off and force your phone to gsm mode . not relevant for data only , but also for talk ( just with less energy difference ) . wifi is also a main consumer -- even in standby . so when not needed , switch it off ( same for bluetooth ) . as we are in this category : though often suggested , gps standby is not worth mentioning -- as long as it stays standby . only problem here are apps that will then make use of it for localized ads and the like . so if you rarely use gps , just turn it off as well . i could almost write a book on this , as there would be so much more to be mentioned . so just some little additional hints concerning apps which might be of assistance : battery saver has an interesting concept : running a service in the background , it regularly checks the systems report on the strength of cell and wifi signal ( the system updates those data either , so that is no costly action ) . finding one ( or both ) of them too weak to be useful ( e . g . if you are sitting in a bunker , or some faraday box ) , it switches them completely off -- and checks in intervals whether it makes sense to turn them back on . this is especially useful if you often experience " dead zones " , where your cell radio would then power up to max , desperately trying to find some cell tower . and talking about " limiting your smartphone experience " makes no sense here : you either get no contact , as thee 's no signal ; ) juicedefender is available in multiple versions ( ranging from basic to plus to ultimate ) , and some hold it very high . it tries to save energy in several ways -- the best known being to " stutter " your data , by switching off all background sync , only permitting it in intervals . it offers much more possibilities , also depending on the version used . again , these are only very basic hints -- there is much more one could do . so you could use some profile apps like e.g. tasker or easyprofiles , timeriffic or llama -- to adjust your settings based on different situations . so you can e.g. put your android device to airplane mode when you sleep ( time based ) , adjust screen timeout when reading ( "when runs" ) , switch wifi off/on when leaving/returning home ( location based ) , and many other things . guess you have got the idea : ) edit : if you are still awake at this point , and like to read more , checkout what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
i have got a nexus s running a 4.2.2 rom . i just noticed i am not getting delta updates about a week ago . though i have been on 4.2.2 . for much longer , so it could be another problem not related to the android version , especially since the play store can update independently from android .
unckecking the Sync gallery will not remove the albums . just uninstall Facebook application from your phone . this will remove all your facebook albums from the stock gallery . upon reinstalling facebook , do not forget to uncheck Sync gallery . this did the trick for me : )
just in case somebody stumbles upon this question - you do not need to uninstall facebook . just open the gallery , press the menu button and go to " content to display " option . uncheck facebook there . done .
uninstall facebook . then go to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All &gt; Gallery &gt; Clear Data .
flashing the stock image may have erased your backup . however , since the g2 supports an external sd card , i do not think it would have . from the sd card 's root , it should be at ./TWRP/BACKUPS/ . restoring a backup from here using twrp will re-root your device ( if your device was rooted when you made the backup ) . you can also use apps like titanium backup to selectively restore parts of it . . . but titanium backup requires root . you may , however , be able to selectively pull files from the backups - a full backup of your phone 's filesystems .
i have written a small android app that can be used to set the process limit by using java reflection to access the internal api . on android 4.0 you do not even need to install it as a system app . this is required for android 4.2 or so onward . https://github.com/flode/setandroidprocesslimit thank you @t0mm13b for the internal api reference ; )
do not think its meant for persisting . . . see dianne hackborn 's comment also had a mosey around the ics source code found in packages/apps/Settings/src/com/android/settings/DevelopmentSettings.java source code to the related screen , found on android 's github . by looking for the variable that is associated with settings > developer options > background process limit ( see line number 103 ) and ( see line number 215 ) called mAppProcessLimit . with that in mind , keep looking further down in the source , the routine that is responsible for saving the settings for this particular screen called onPreferenceTreeClick . that is , in programming parlance , called a " listener " that is monitoring the changes made on that screen and writes it out immediately to the backing store by android . ( see between line numbers 790 and 858 ) unfortunately , the " listener " , in this case , does not have a reference to the persisting/saving of the value for that variable mAppProcessLimit ; which is what the op is experiencing , set it for the duration of when the handset is alive , then upon reboot , it gets lost . in short , you cannot do anything about this as that is built straight from the oven , and bundled onto your handset , but with that in mind , you can roll-your-own-custom rom variant of ics with a modified version of the source to do that .
this would be possible if your rooted your phone and wrote an installed a new kernel usb driver which made it look like a supported network adapter . needless to say that would be a project requiring quite a bit of expertise and effort - it is probably going to be cheaper to get a supported adapter , and not tie up your phone in the process .
this will almost certainly be impossible . your xbox does not have usb drivers for your android phone .
on nexus 7 2013 , Settings &gt; Storage &gt; Hamburger icon (top-right) &gt; USB computer connection .
afaik , openhome icons are specific to openhome . if you switched to another home scren app , the icons would revert to the default icons . if you want to keep openhome but not their icons , you would need to replace the icons through openhome .
i am using a nexus 5 and using next launcher as the app launcher . just counted the apps in one of my folders and noticed that it has 13 apps inside ( and can fit more as it uses the general swipe command for the next list within the same folder ) . . . presuming stock launcher your using ? try a different one like next or nova ? ?
i installed next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
it is never a good idea to flash a rom that is not for a specific device onto a device . with that being said , there are multiple reasons ( i.e. . different memory locations for the sim circuit , different microcontroller , etc ) that could be causing your issue . my advise is to reflash the stock rom and see if that fixes your problem . if so then please do not flash a rom that is not for your device . it is to the point now ( say with the htc one m7 ) that you will not receive signal if you flash a rom of a different carrier even .
i suggest you to see this link . possibly it will solve http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=787641
you could download the actual facebook for android app from the marketplace . this would mean that you use the actual facebook app rather than facebook for htc sense . not sure if there is any difference between the two , but i know i have both installed on my desire and use the actual facebook for android app .
i have a motorola droid and i plug in a fm transmitter into the headphone jack and my mic still works ( because i use this to make calls while driving ) . does the aux cable also have a mic on it ? if so , maybe that is overriding the phone 's mic input .
i do not think the filesystem on android tabs is universal . i have not played with the galaxy tab , but on my asus tf101 , the internal storage is at /mnt/sdcard , while on my dad 's acer iconia , it is /sdcard ( iirc ) . from a quick google , it appears that galaxy tab photos are stored in /sdcard/dcim/camera/ or /data/dcim/camera/ for internal storage or perhaps /sdcard/external_sd/dcim/camera/ if using the ' external ' sdcard . i would look for these three folders using a file manager on your device ( or adb ) and then use adb to pull them as you described once you have found your photos .
if you can not find your files easily using adb on /mnt/sdcard ( which as sameer mentions is where it should be , even if you do not have an external sd card ) , you might find it easier to use a local file explorer to search for/manage your pics . for many distros ( like ubuntu ) you need to manually add a usb identifier for the device in udev after installing adb .
i assume you have galaxy tab with honeycomb and do not have a sd card slot , but have 16/32 gbs of internal storage . in honeycomb , mtp mode ( windows media transfer protocol ) is used instead of usb mass storage . that is why it is is not working for you perhaps . first read what mtp is and why it is being used by oems now here . mtp and ics . also this question should be useful - android stack exchange - can i disable mtp mode and just have a regular usb connection ? have your tried enabling mtp support for linux ? these are the steps for a ubuntu distro - guide to setup mtp . alternatively via using adb i believe you can access gallery files in /mnt/sdcard/ . the sdcard folder should be there even if you do not have a sd card slot . camera photos would be in /DCIM folder . full steps would be ( if anyone needs ) - adb shell cd /mnt/sdcard/DCIM/  you can check which folders exist here and verify if your media files are here or not .
sorry mate this is not possible since ios and android are different operation systems applications from android cant work on ios you need to download the games in ipad again . you can transfer music , docs and movies by transfer them to your computer then using itunes and transfer then to your ipad .
if injustice on ipad does not have a menu item to do this , and it does not sync game saves via the internet ( very few games do this in a cross-platform way ) , then you can not do it . it is possible to extract the save games from injustice on android if your phone is rooted , but ios does not have this feature , so there would be no way to put the save file into your ipad .
1 . using command line : here 's how you can copy files to an sd card image . you have to use adb push to copy files from desktop to emulator and adb pull for the reverse . here 's the syntax to copy files to or from an emulator/device instance : copy from desktop to emulator : adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  copy from emulator to desktop : adb pull &lt;remote&gt; &lt;local&gt;  here &lt;local&gt; is path of file / folder on your desktop and &lt;remote&gt; is path of file / folder on your emulator . here is an example : adb push foo.txt /sdcard/foo.txt  foo . txt will be pushed ( copied ) to the emulator . 2 . using ddms ui : here 's how to work with emulator 's file system using ddms . in the devices tab , select the emulator that you want to view the file system for . to copy a file from the device , locate the file in the file explorer and click the pull file button . to copy a file to the device , click the push file button on the file explorer tab . i personally prefer the adb pull and adb push commands as you can copy multiple files ( in a single directory ) with just one line command , using ddms you can copy only one file at a time ( no directory ) .
to transfer data from desktop to an emulator 's sdcard on linux do this : create the sd card : let 's create a 64mb sd card for our android emulator . from a terminal do this : # cd ~/android-sdk-linux/tools # ./mksdcard 64M ~/Desktop/sdcard.iso  now you can use the ' eclipse android sdk and avd manager ' to create a new android virtual device that can use the path to the sd card you created . write data to the sd card : from a terminal : # cd ~/android-sdk-linux/tools # ./ddms  this will start the dalvik debug monitor server . then : launch your avd with sd card from eclipse that you created earlier from ddms , go to ' device -> file explorer ' select the ' sdcard ' folder click the ' push file onto device ' button find your file and click open that is it ! now from inside your code you can get to the sd card 's path with : Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory()  more you can read here .
simply press the enter/return button in your key board . it is located at the right botton corner of your keyboard . in some cases , this button sends the sms ( or submit applications , in cases of forms in websites ) if your device does that , simply hit enter/return button while holding the shift button or the upside arrow hope this helps .
if all you want to do is transfer your sms messages to another device or back them up , use an app like sms backup and restore - that allows you to import / export / back up your sms messages for posterity . it also allows a user to selectively pick and choose which conversations you want to backup or restore .
different makes call it different things . android calls it the recent apps list ( press it , it say 's recent apps ) .
this is called ' recents ' - you can see info about it here
i do not know if there is an official name , but it is usually called the task switcher or recent tasks button . if you are writing instructions/manual , you may want to avoid calling it a button since older android devices do not have a dedicated task switching button ( the task switcher on my old phone was accessed by long press on the home button , for example ) . instead , try to word it so that it is clear that you want them to switch to another task and leave the specifics for several common ways in various devices on a side track .
i did not find a place in the stock-system which tells this . but there are useful tools around like appmonster which display this information along ( besides , appmonster allows you to backup your apps , and in the pro-version even does so automatically on install as well as update -- so you can revert to a previously installed version easily in case of trouble with an update ) .
titaniumbackup also displays this when you go to the batch ( backup/restore ) tab . you can have it sort your apps by date of installation , name , size and so on .
is the Coursera HTML5 player an app installed onto the device ? if so , have you tried disabling it in the app settings menu ? from ics , system apps could be disabled .
i just download the videos upfront and watch them with mx player .
there are a number of unofficial applications in the market ( google play , amazon ) . i have also developed my own application : coursera on the go . a free version is here ! coursera on the go free
the following is no complete solution , but at least a work-around , avoiding a long reboot : there are apps like quick boot ( others have things like " fast reboot " and the like in their names/descriptions ) . other suggested by those names , they do not really reboot your device , but simply restart the system server ( for details , please take a look at can somebody explain the boot process of an android device ? – the system server is started at step 5 of 6 boot steps , so this skips more than half of the way down and up , effectively resulting in a process about 3 times as fast as a complete reboot ) . while this way all your apps are killed as a side effect ( as they require the system server to work ) , it is still a lot faster than a real reboot , and thus " less hazzle " .
i found that you should be able to do a factory reset by holding the power and home when powering on . there you should have the option to do a factory reset .
what i finally ended up doing was upgrading the firmware . i tried the home/power method , but it just was not working for me . . . upgrading the firmware instructions are found on their site . it was not too hard to do , except for the fact that they do not seem to have signed drivers , which forced me to use a non-64 bit system to do the upgrade .
quick marketplace search for wifi notify resulted in the following : wifinotify
there is unfortunately no way to directly edit the dictionary . you can delete any user-added word by highlighting it and hitting the swype key .
have had the same issue on my droid 2.3.6 . it used to connect to wifi but could not browse the internet until i disabled : parental control from my wifi router . hope this will help someone .
when i first bought my tablet , i , too , faced the same issue . i tweaked the wifi settings a lit bit and it worked . here is what i did : click on advanced checkbox under your wifi network name and click " static ip " . your problem will be solved . alternatively , you can try either wpa2-personal encryption or no encryption at all .
apparently wep support is thoroughly broked in android 2.0.1 and above . http://answerguy.com/2009/12/11/android-2-0-1-update-breaks-droid-wi-fi-wep-encryption/ http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/1253-wifi-problem.html ( also includes a possible fix for wep by disabling/enabling the router firewall , though i have not tried it and ain't gonna . . . ) http://www.draconos.com/blog/2009/11/19/wifi-on-the-droid http://www.611connect.com/howto/merben_how-to-enable-wi-fi-on-the-motorola-droid ( comments ) ( also suggests that , if you initially upgrade to wpa to get it working , you can later drop back to wep and it will continue to work . . . ) http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=130d8d289ec5c8f2hl=en that said , wpa is a better choice all around anyway .
this kind of thing is real problem with non-computer devices . upgrading to wpa ( especially wpa2 ) will fix the phone but could break other devices ( old laptops , tivo 's etc ) . another solution is to give up on encryption , especially since wep is not really encryption . almost all routers support mac filtering , and most support " internet-only " connections , this way you can let any device on your wireless that you know about , and let polite people know they should not connect . hackers and jerks ( not always the same people ) can still spoof mac addresses but that is what " internet-only " is for : you are not exposing your local network over wireless . obviously this setup will not work for everyone but it has worked for me in the past , and i might do it again if i get even one more device that can not talk wpa2
that is odd , photos are usually stored within a DCIM directory of the sd-card . never heard that one would store them as binary blob within a sqlite db . anyways , you cold discover the contents of the sqlite db with the sqlite ( sometimes sqlite3 ) tool . but you need some basic understanding of sql syntax .
there are multiple things involved with your question . i know this topic is hard to put in exact words , especially for someone new to android -- so it gets a little unclear what the real issue is . i will try to cover all i think is related , but will redirect to other questions here for details . first : how ram is used . there is no such thing like " useful free ram " . as soon as there is " free ram " available , it will be put to use : buffering and caching are the most interesting features in this context , as they speed up the system . as soon as an app requires additional ram , and there is no free ram available , the required amount is dropped from caches and buffers , so this is entirely dynamic and should have no negative effects . more details : why is my samsung galaxy s not utilizing all of its ram ? why is my device not utilizing all of its available ram ? does android hide some amount of ram from the user ? are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have - specifically samsung galaxy s ? android rom , ram , internal storage , external storage and battery utilization there are a lot more questions here dealing with this topic . to find them all , just follow the ram tag you already used for your question . second : your device slowing down . this might have many different reasons : some app might be hogging ressources is the most likely reason if the problem is not there right after a reboot ( but starts only a few hours/days later ) . if the problem persists after a reboot , reasons might be different ( or the " hogging app " got auto-started ) . your caches ( on internal storage ) could be messed up , for example . if you installed/uninstalled a lot of apps for testing , it could as well be the dalvik-cache ( pre-compiled code of your apps ) . good starting point to investigate this issue : my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ? see also the " linked " and " related " section of that question , which will provide you additional ressources .
if you are using the stock launcher , you can not . if you use an alternative launcher like nova launcher or apex launcher ( one which has support for scrolling and resizable widgets ) , then you can . put the gmail widget on your homescreen by long-pressing and selecting the label of choice . then long-press the widget itself and from the popup menu , choose resize and resize the widget 's dimensions as per your liking . you have not mentioned what version of android you are using and nova/apex work only on v4+ ( ics ) . if you have an older gingerbread version , try adw launcher . instructions are similar , if not exactly the same . you may also have to enable the functionality for " scrollable widgets " from within your launcher 's settings panel to get the full benefit .
your pictures should be stored on your sd card , so just take it out and get the pictures with a pc .
i do not know if it is the same on your phone , but on my blade i can just mount /sdcard ( or maybe /emmc in your case ) and then " mount usb storage " in the mount and storage menu .
/emmc is basically ok and accessible if you can ' mount ' it . you already have a working cwm installed which comes with adb enabled . this gives you some options . boot to cwm recovery and mount your partition in the ' mounts and storage ' section . it is now accessible internally and you can use the adb tool ( adb stands for ' android debug bridge ' , it is usually used to develop and debug things ) to pull data off the device : a windows tool ( sadly discontinued ) : http://code.google.com/p/adb-file-explorer/ by commandline : adb pull /path/to/folder or adb pull / to pull all currently mounted data partitions another gui : http://sourceforge.net/projects/adbbrowser/?source=recommended ps : i prefer the command line adb tool ( 2nd solution ) . i have little experience with the gui tools . but generally they should work as well . here 's how i usually do it ( using only the commandline ) : <code> me@workstation:~$ adb shell ~ # mount rootfs on / type rootfs ( rw ) tmpfs on /dev type tmpfs ( rw , nosuid , relatime , mode=755 ) devpts on /dev/pts type devpts ( rw , relatime , mode=600 ) proc on /proc type proc ( rw , relatime ) sysfs on /sys type sysfs ( rw , relatime ) /dev/block/mtdblock4 on /cache type yaffs2 ( rw , nodev , noatime , nodiratime ) ~ # mount /sdcard ~ # exit me@workstation:~$ cd /tmp/ me@workstation:/tmp$ mkdir htc_sdcard me@workstation:/tmp$ adb pull /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/ htc_sdcard/dcim pull : building file list . . . pull : /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/dsc00110.jpg -&gt ; htc_sdcard/dcim/dsc00110.jpg pull : /sdcard/dcim/100msdcf/dsc00114.jpg -&gt ; htc_sdcard/dcim/dsc00114.jpg [ . . . ] </code>
if the ram is half free then will it consume only 50% of power nope . ram uses power no matter whether the cells are used or not . the biggest consumer of power in a phone is the display ( screen ) , the various radios ( wifi , 3g/4g , gps , bluetooth , etc ) , and the cpu and gpu . rom is an overloaded term , it is technically an abbreviation of read-only memory , but there is actually no such thing in modern smartphones . the " read-only memory " ( rom ) in modern smart phone is actually writable . what most people say when they say rom depends on the context , sometimes they meant the flash storage ( hardware ) and sometimes they meant the firmware ( software ) . in most android devices , internal and external storage both uses flash storage , so it is should not be surprising that their power requirements are similar . however , unless you are using an application that is constantly reading or writing large amount of data , the power draw from flash storage are generally quite minimal to overall power usage . does all this have an effect on battery utilization ? yes , but on typical use cases , they are not the major power draw . in typical usage patterns , the display and the antennas trumps all other components by miles .
battery consumption depends on your screen active time , 2g/3g/4g/wi-fi data connectivity , bluetooth , voice calls etc . it has nothing to do with how much of your internal or external storage is free . and from whatever i have seen , if you use task manager to kill the apps or force stop them usually drains more battery because those apps try to start back . as far as i know it has absolutely nothing to do with your rom , i mean hardware rom . when it is firmware which is there on rom it can affect the battery consumption if it is not optimized properly ( kernel tweaks etc ) it is better to keep auto sync off to save battery . or run it after every 10-15 minutes . . it is upto you !
your question would require a rather lengthy answer , and does not really fit the scope of our site . so for a complete answer , you had better find yourself a book . some short hints , though : no such thing as " free ram " , linux ( android is based on that ) makes good use of it . if not required by apps , it will be used to cache e.g. the file system . this not only gives faster access ( as ram is faster ) , but also saves battery ( as physical file system access is minimized ) . see also : are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have how do ram and processor speed affect overall performance on android ? unix and linux : real memory usage to understand the life cycle of an app , you might refer to the process lifecycle description on the developers site ( image taken from bottomlessinc blog ) to minimize your battery consumption ( or maximize its runtime ) , there are a lot of useful answers on our site already . some examples include : cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? which consumes less battery : wi-fi or 2g data ? minimized apps : do they consume more battery ? many more can be found browsing the tags battery-life and battery-usage
you could use k-9 mail as your client and after configuring your account long-press it , select Account settings -&gt; Fetching mail -&gt; When I delete a message and set it to Do not delete on server or Mark as read on server , whichever suits you better .
some app might be triggering the phone to wake up . did you check if there any app holding screen wakelock with wakelock detector ? play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.uzumapps.wakelockdetector
the nearest i could find to a solution for this question was found at another stack exchange question . according to the " keyboard layout " subsection of the user 's guide for hacker 's keyboard there is a compose key available in their keyboard app . the thing that i am not yet able to determine is whether that functionality can then be mapped to a key on an external keyboard . unless some other user beats me to a better answer , i will do further research and try to update this answer with any new information i should happen to discover .
try with shell using a keyboard pm install [path_to_apk] 
yes , if the phone is connected to the internet , you can install apps from the google play web interface ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps ) without touching the phone . starting the app is a different matter , though : you may need to find an app that is specifically designed for this situation , so it can be triggered without needing to open it from the launcher , or use a usb gamepad ( or a bluetooth one , if it is already paired ) to control the launcher without using the touchscreen .
check if you can connect a mouse ( or keyboard ) through usb otg port ( and microusb-to-usb converter cable ) . . . i am not sure whether your device supports otg or not . . . just give a try . . .
fast reboot will get the job done for you . whenever you want to play your game , just launch fast reboot and then launch your game . it will free up some extra ram without interfering with anything critical , and it is much easier than a script . do not worry about restarting the apps , because as t0mm said , they will almost immediately restart themselves . ( you can launch fast reboot twice to see this ) this solution will solve your needs without having to pay for tasker . although , i do recommend that app- it can do anything .
you can use an tasker to kill apps when you launch your game . and you are also able to do the opposite , when your game gets closed , tasker can initialize other apps . you may use the trial version to test this , but i believe that better results can only be achieved with root . tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
in order to start in game mode , i thing you can use the following commands pm enable package_name  and pm disable package_name  then you should restart some application services like whatsapp in order to restart checking automatically ( not sure if they will automatically restart services since package has been disabled ) to do that you can use am command , but not sure what where will be the best arguments . you can use the logcat command , to debug what intents are being launched . if you only kill the application it automatically will restart few seconds . in smanager , at this moment it is not possible execute script after app has finished . but it could be a new feature . you also should kill smanager in the las line of the script . killall os.tools.scriptmanager 
there is an infrared/red-light sensor near your camera that detects whether the phone is in a pocket or bag . online consensus is that depending on your phone manufacturer , there are varying degrees of success to how well it works .
i only can speculate about the answer how the droid bionic actually implements this " in-pocket detection " . most androids that have a light sensor , ( which sometimes acts also simple proximity sensor ) use this as sign that you either doing a call without a headset or that you have put your device into the pocket . it is also imaginable that android uses the information from the 3-axis accelerometer and/or the 3-axis gyroscope to detect in-pocket situations . but i do not think that this is actually done , because these sensors use quite a amount of power when in use . for an example datasheet of an android light/proxmity sensor , see the sfh 7743 from the motorola droid . it detects ir-light around 900nm . it seems that some androids have separated light and proximity sensors , while others abuse the light-sensor as simple proximity sensor ( e . g . samsung galaxy s ) .
proximity sensor .
your digitizer probably failed . that is the glass piece you touch with your finger . on some models it can be replaced , although not something for the faint of heart . i have had to do this for my evo 3d .
prior to android 4.0 ( aka ice cream sandwich ) it is called " droid " , and comes in serif ( regular , bold , italic , bold italic ) , sans ( regular , bold ) , and sans mono variants . a new font family " roboto " was released with 4.0 . wikipedia article on droid ( font ) google+ post on roboto
since you already had cm10 installed , you should be having the zip file with you . if you do not have it , you can download it from the previous source and place it in your sd card . if you do not have and do not know the source from where you already downloaded , you can try the one from where i had downloaded ( courtesy ) . the reason i am trying to stick to your previous download is that these zip files are unofficial cm builds and are compiled from same source by many developers , each adding their own bells and whistles and most importantly bug fixes . hence you already know what is working and what is not with your previous rom which will avoid you any nasty last minute surprises . as far as the rom that i am using , apart from what is mentioned in the blog , google location service is not working . which means that news and weather app , google maps etc will not get your location without gps . after deciding which rom zip file to use , place the zip file in sd card and switch off the phone . please backup whatever you want as the following steps is going to erase all except the sd card contents . reboot your phone into recovery mode . to do this , press and hold home button , volume down button and while holding both down , power on the device . do not release the home and volume down button until you see the cyanogenmod recovery console . then simply follow the steps as said in the blog .
you should be able to use either locale or tasker to setup a condition ( i.e. . , at 2 am ) to do something ( turn volume down , stop media player , or turn off wifi or other services ) . but as far as i know , neither program will let you shut down your phone .
one solution to this problem : use a tasking program such as locale or tasker and create certain conditions that will enable your wifi ( essentially writing a script as you described ) . for example : use gps and determine if i am at my home ( i believe you can use real gps , which will consume quite a bit of power , or base it off of which cell tower you are connected to , which you would already know anyways if not in airplane mode ) . or you could even setup certain times of the day you know you will be at home , or work , or wherever you regularly have wifi .
in order to avoid any possibility of data loss if something goes really wrong ( never happened to me , but . . . ) you should backup : installed applications , if you do not want to install all of the installed applications in case of failure . sent and received sms , mms photos and videos if you stored it in the main memory ( not common ) contacts ( only if not synchronized with a gmail account ) . emails ( only if not synchronized with a gmail account ) . calendar ( only if not synchronized with a gmail account ) . basically if you want to be sure that nothing can go wrong , you need to backup all your data and configuration . there are apps to do this , like titanium backup
jumping between roms in the same development series is usually safe without backing up or wiping the data partition ( although the cache and dalvik cache should always be wiped ) , unless the installation instructions specifically tell you to wipe the data partition ( which seems unlikely in this case ; if such a drastic change were needed , it should not be a release candidate any more ) . i would nevertheless back everything up just in case , both application backup like titanium backup and nandroid backup from the recovery partition , but then i am paranoid like that . jumping to a different series ( say , cm6 to cm7 , or cm to aosp ) you should always back up everything and wipe everything .
if using the shell is not a problem , you can compile iwlist command for arm , and transfer it to device . iwlist scan as root may give you better results .
install iw and then issue : iw dev wlan0 scan freq 2417  it synchronously scans only the frequency ( ies ) you specify . this can give your multiple results per second !
you do not necessarily have to use shell for this . try out inssider it provides rssi data , but i am not sure how realtime this data is . for me this app is used to verify the consistency of the ap 's ( enterprise network ) in a certain location and their typical radio switch zone .
google uses miracast for its media streaming and most recent devices can use it . as for the receiver , recent tvs have miracast built in . if your tv does not have it , there are some adapters on amazon .
note , i do not have a motorola phone , and my phone 's just doing the standard android contact linking , but it may also help you . i did this because my previous phone was an htc magic running android 1.6 , which had no contact linking ( as that only came with android 2 ) so i used one of the apps that downloads the facebook picture and applies it to the contacts , the picture was then stuck there until i manually got it to update again . here 's what i did to get them updating properly once i moved onto a phone with froyo : if you go into your google contacts on the web , do you see the old facebook picture on your contacts there ? if so , select the contact . hover your mouse over their picture until you see the change picture link , click that and select no picture . save the change . after a bit the change should sync down to your phone and it should then use the only picture it has - the current facebook picture .
from what i understand , contacts is actually fairly decoupled from facebook because google does not like their api and facebook does not want to let their users export data . i believe this means that if you remove your facebook account from the phone , those photos will disappear from the contacts . then you can re-add the account to get them back . unfortunately the contacts are not likely to relink automatically after that , and you had have to do it manually every time . i do not know of a better way .
this really sounds stupid , but when the time and date are wrong , most google apps will not work .
assumption 's : *you have a mobile data plan *working wifi connection do this : *go to app info page of play store . *clear data and then clear cache *then click on force stop now download latest play store . apk file from the below link http://www.androidpolice.com/2014/03/13/download-latest-google-play-store-4-6-16-with-new-require-password-option-tweaked-ui-forced-self-update-and-more/ after the download , install the play store from the file . done .
you may have a problem with data connectivity . you can check this ( see , for example , here ) ) by either looking the type of your data connectivity in settings -> about phone -> status -> mobile network type consulting the icon indicator on top . h+ and 3g should allow you to download apps . it you are not on a fast network it may be that the apn settings are not correct for your carrier or that your account is not defined correctly with your carrier . for apn settings you can consult your carrier , its web site or an app ( look for apn and your country name ) . for account definition you will need to consult your carrier . wifi maybe slower because 4.0 is heavy on the xperia sola because it only has 512mb ram . you can watch the ram load with an app such as android system info
you might try going through adb ( android debug bridge ) . it is quite possible the ui ( screen ) is not starting up , but the rest of it is running happy . [ not that i would ever have gotten into that spot myself by playing with setting i should not have touched :- ) ]
normally , apps that need to run constantly or in the background are considered to be unsuited to run from a storage card . this is also probably why most " system " apps are prohibited from doing so . consider , if the card was unmounted , those apps would remain unavailable until the card was re-mounted . as to why an app developer would not make his/her app storage-friendly is a question better answered by those in the know .
here is an excellent list of characteristics of apps which should not be installed on sd card , with reasons , from the android developer site . hope it helps .
i have not attempted this myself , but here are the steps that i found and seems pretty close to how i rooted my samsung galaxy s . i am not responsible for any issues that arise from following these steps , including , but not limited to your device spontaneously bursting in to flames . i suggest you do additional research and see what others say about using the tools below and read everything twice before doing it . and follow the instructions step-by-step . the firsts step is to make sure that you have kies installed on your computer . now download superoneclick root app from here and save it on your desktop . once this is done , turn your samsung galaxy tab on and connect it with your computer . make sure that you have usb debugging mode disabled and sync with kies . now disconnect galaxy tab from computer and enable usb debugging mode . you can enable the usb debugging mode by settings> applications> development> usb debugging . now reconnect your tab again to your pc and tap the home button so that your tab loses sync connection with kies . once done , launch superoneclick . exe and click on root . please wait for 5 to 10 minutes while the application roots your galaxy tab .
i believe most of these routers mount your drive as a network samba share ( like windows file sharing ) , which android phones can access with apps , like esfilexplorer or andsmb . they can stream off it or download files to sd card .
they are most of the time baked right into the monolithic linux kernel ( or sometimes available as loadable . ko kernel modules located in /system/lib/modules/ ) . note : linux kernel modules are build-specific and cannot be interchanged across devices , different firmware versions . see the wikipedia entry for linux kernel modules
i suggest you to format the internal memory since it will not clean the rom memory , just the place where your personal files , applications and other stuff like this are stored . then flash the rom again . this might solve your problem .
alright , on the forum thread of that specific cusom rom ( linked in question ) , someone said that he re-formatted through windows with fat32 as type . so i tried this as well . while the device was on , i plugged in the usb cable , and put it into lock . then , as usual , the drives showed up in windows ( sd and internal that is ) , and it forced me to format the internal drive in order to acess it . pressed ok , then formatted with fat32 . after format , i did not even pull the device off the lock , i just quickly pressed the reset button on the back . then flashed it , and turned it on . it works perfectly ! now i have android 2.1 instead of that less-worthy 1.5 build ! thank you to everyone who proceded help : )
this guide is marked as " noob-friendly " . have not tried it myself as i try to stay far away as i can from sense : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1859714 you were looking for 3.20.401.1 ? here you can find the nandroid backups : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1975140
finally , someone from xda shared his nandroid backup for stock rom , here is the link ; http://docs.google.com/file/d/0b06fizeukdchulbvzfzpretos0k/edit?usp=sharing the original thread on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?s=c89f980ba9f35f7e5ec9ae6b6bf11beft=1975140page=139
pdf to speech pro https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.practicalappshl=en $2.99 . one of the better ones , actually does what it is suppose to . i have not came across any free ones .
nope you cannot only selectively disable video calls . the least you can do is disable incoming invites from the app settings .
enabling usb debugging essentially starts up the adb daemon on your device , which allows it to communicate with adb on another device to enable debugging commands . it is used when developing and debugging applications , and allows you ( primarily ) to : transfer data between a computer and your device ( both ways ) read log data easily from logcat debug applications , including breakpoints and heap monitoring install and uninstall applications access a stripped-down shell on the device , for command-line interaction . leaving it enabled all the time will have a negligible impact on battery , if any at all . some other things to consider about leaving it on ( or not ) : pro : if your device has a hardware problem that prevents you from accessing the screen , usb debugging could be helpful in recovering data ( especially on a rooted device ) . pro : you can install applications , reboot your device , and generally do some other convenient things without having to actually interact with your device physically , even with the screen locked/off . pro : on a rooted device it may be possible to regain entry if you have forgotten the screen lock password/pin/pattern ( also a potential con , see below ) . pro : you can take advantage of port forwarding over usb debugging to use tethering apps like pdanet ( i believe that is how it is implemented since it does require it ) . con : if your device is lost or stolen , an unscrupulous individual could attempt to steal data from the device regardless of whether or not you have got a screen lock . if you are rooted , they can get pretty much everything . con : i recall reading that some devices can have trouble with accessing the sd card as a mass storage device when usb debugging is enabled . i have personally never seen this issue , but i have seen people allege that it was a problem . see also : using hardware devices from the android sdk documentation which discusses debugging applications on physical devices ( rather than the emulator ) . there is also a documentation page regarding the android debug bridge ( adb ) which explains its purpose and its commands .
to make one of eldarerathis ' cons less critical : one could use tasker or locale together with the secure settings plugin to automatically toggle usb debugging on for safe locations ( based e.g. on cell towers , network/gps location , wifi networks connected or in reach ) , and toggle it off ( exit-task with tasker ) when leaving such . with a nfc tag and the locale nfc plugin it could also be switched it on/off on demand . all that even without touching the screen -- so it would work even if the screen is broken . and that " unscrupulous individual " then would have to be in your " safe location " or have your tag , and must know those circumstances -- which is much less risky . if your device does not belong to that small group having trouble mounting their storage with usb debugging turned on , this would leave almost no " con " then .
the biggest downside is not being able to mount it as a mass storage device when you plug it into the computer . with it turned on it will always assume you want to debug the device . you really only need it turned on if you are developing software for the phone or plan on using adb with your phone . the adb program is only available through the android sdk so its not something average users need . that being said i keep my turned on all the time , but that is only for connivence for doing android development because i do that more often that use it as a mass storage . you mileage may vary .
you do not have need to keep debugging always on . in some devices it affects the charging of battery . when debugging is kept on , the charging speed becomes very low . . . . it'll take more than 5 hours to full charge . . . . if you have such problem then keep off usb debugging , on it only when you need . . . . . .
unfortunately the adbd ( adb daemon ) is not enabled on any current google tv hardware , so adb connectivity is not possible via usb , ethernet , or any other means . however , a few crafty tinkerers from gtvhacker site managed to hack the logitech revue unit to enable this functionality . keep in mind that this is a hardware hack and includes physically opening up the revue box and soldering connections on the motherboard . you can read more on this mod here . needless to say , this hack is not for everyone , and carries even more risk of bricking the stb as a plain software hack .
the one you want is event-> phone ringing . the state-> phone call would not activate until you have answered the call . event profiles activate and deactivate rather quickly so you probably would not see it if you were trying to watch for the green active color . however , you mentioned that it did not even set a variable through a test task . were you using a global variable for that or a local variable ? try using the flash action to flash the caller 's name and see if that pops up . once you get that working and confirmed , you might need to do some more work on your announcement . i am guessing you are using the say action . you will need to uncheck respect audio focus in order for say to talk over the phone ringer since the ringer takes precedence . you will probably also want to turn the ringer off temporarily using the ringer volume action to allow the say action to finish and then turn the ringer back on .
the issue was evidently resolved by using a different usb cord .
not sure if you mean you still want to use gv services , but with your phones ' native number ? or do you mean you want to completely circumvent using gv sometimes ? if you meant still use gv , but with your native number : voice-> settings-> this phone 's number then just choose your phone 's native number ( you are still using gv services , but caller-id will show your phone 's number , not your gv number ) . if you meant completely circumvent gv and use your phone as if gv was not installed : voice-> settings-> making calls . choose either Do not use Google Voice to make any calls or Ask every time I make a call
it is a poor password policy , however you should rest assured that a strong 16-digit password is sufficient to protect from brute force . as demonstrated by grc , an exhaustive brute force attack would take 10 billion years using a massive cracking array : https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm
typically , yes . you are creating a private network -- you want to route stuff through the network . it is private . if only the browser applications were routing through the private network -- some other app could be sniffing activity , and sending it through the other connection . goodbye , private ! see also : http://www.howstuffworks.com/vpn.htm http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/virtual_private_network
the setting that you are talking about is in effect the --redirect-gateway option of openvpn and is documented on the openvpn man page --redirect-gateway automatically execute routing commands to cause all outgoing ip traffic to be redirected over the vpn . this option performs three steps : create a static route for the --remote address which forwards to the pre-existing default gateway . this is done so that ( 3 ) will not create a routing loop . delete the default gateway route . set the new default gateway to be the vpn endpoint address ( derived either from --route-gateway or the second parameter to --ifconfig when --dev tun is specified ) . when the tunnel is torn down , all of the above steps are reversed so that the original default route is restored . the routing of all network connections occurs at the system level . only apps that have the ability to modify the routing table of the device to use a different gateway than the default can bypass the vpn . theoretically any app with superuser access could do this .
the focus function is achieved by moving the lens back or forth so it is actually a mechanical thing . you can try it yourself . download zxings barcode scanner and fire it up . you will hear a click every time it tries to refocus you can also see the lens moving back and forth .
often there is no focus at all . these cameras often make up for a complete lack of focus by having a large depth of field , which is exactly what is done with those " disposable " film cameras . digital zoom is a simple scaling of the input image , so there is no need to adjust zoom when digital zoom is applied , for the same reason there is no need to apply focus when scaling an image in photoshop . focus is only needed for optical zooms because optical zoom changes the focal length of the camera .
i was able to fix the issue at work by deleting some old wifi access points and rebooting . it may have been i had too many saved . i will try to see if it is fixed for good when i get to my home wifi
the behaviour you describe could plausibly be caused by a bug in the wi-fi software on your phone , if sleeping the wi-fi transceiver makes it forget something necessary to make the connection work ( such as the wpa keys ) . this is the kind of thing you have to expect when you use a pre-release version of a rom . nightly builds simply are not suitable for day-to-day use , because it is a bit of a lottery what bugs will have been added from one build to the next . switch to a stable build instead .
the apps will not just change when your version changes . all apps have a minimum api version which is required to use the app . so if your apps all have a minimum api version of e.g. froyo and there is no special version for gingerbread all will stay the same . the properties of the android version cannot be changed , only if you compile your own system and write a different version number in there . but this will not solve the problem of the api versions : if you fake an android 4.0.3 with 2.3.6 real system version , some apps will probably not run because they need to have api version 15 and not 8 .
you can reset the default application settings in settings > apps > [ your app ] > " launch by default "
having two phones logged into the same google account works perfectly fine . if it tells you the username or password are incorrect , then most likely one of them is incorrect . in particular , if you are using different soft keyboards on the two phones , take extra care when typing punctuation characters and numbers : they could be in different places on different keyboards , so you could type the wrong one without realising it .
after days of attempts the problem was the two step verification ! i was trying to login a htc desire with android 2.2 while my account has teo step verification so i was not able to setup the account ( i do not know i on last version of android is it possible to login with two step verification ) . i solved : stop " two step verification " login on the smartphone set " two step verification "
this looks like a lock screen widget , rather than a home screen one . it will not appear in the widget selector - instead , you will need to re-add it to your lock screen . i am not sure what the process is on the smart tab series , but it is probably in your settings menu , somewhere having to do with lock screen .
do this ( at your own risk ) if that is a default widget came along with os because those widgets are unrecoverable once deleted . 1 perform a backup of your important data ( remember ' not the settings' ) in the tab to a pc or cloud . 2 then do a " hard reset " of tab . ( every handset has a unique way to do a hard reset . so google it . ) 3 tab will be reset to its initial state of course . 4 restore backup again . -this is bad idea if you have large amounts of important/sensitive data on your tab and also ignore this answer if that is not a default widget-
it is the logo of the video 's uploader . uploaders can choose to display their logo near the beginning or end of the video , to make it easier for you to subscribe to their channel .
if the discharge has not been too deep , this should be normal . i use my ipod rarely and often i have to wait half an hour to have it boot up again . conversely , if the discharge has been too deep , it may be a problem . quoting wikipedia : deep discharge may short-circuit the cell , in which case recharging would be unsafe . and overdischarge supersaturates lithium cobalt oxide , leading to the production of lithium oxide , [ 36 ] possibly by the following irreversible reaction [ . . . ]
as avio 's answer says this is normal , but i assume you are wondering why . it is because the battery does not have enough charge to keep the voltage level up . the hardware will only work within a certain voltage range , just like pc hardware for example . most ( all ? ) phones do not have the redundant circuitry and so on to allow them to be powered directly from the usb port while the battery charges , so you have to wait till the battery charges to the minmum required level . as an aside , android normally shuts down with about 5% of battery left , avoiding this problem . unless you turned it back on after this point , it might be that your version does not do this or that the battery stats are messed up and need to be wiped .
press the shift button . it will change it back . that is what i did .
use the icons . first look for the settings app or icon ( looks like cog wheels ) . scroll through the list of apps in your launcher . you can also press the menu button while on your main homescreen and choose the settings from there ( same idea - look for the cog-wheel icon ) . once you are in settings , look for the menu option with a little ' a ' icon on the side - that is the one for language settings . press that . now press the very first menu option to get a list of languages .
heat and lithium ion batteries are not the best of friends , so anything you can do to maintain a lower battery temperature will prolong your battery 's life . while charging or under heavy load , you typically generate more heat than while resting , so in either of those cases , if your phone feels physically warm , it is probably a good idea to remove it from the case . however , if you are charging it somewhere that it is likely to be damaged by being knocked off a table , having something dropped on it , having a kid find and play with it , etc . then i would be more inclined to keep a protective case on it . the life of your phone is much more important than the life of your battery , as a battery is much cheaper to replace ( note : i am not familiar with how easy or difficult it is to replace the battery on a razr , beyond knowing that it is not as simple as popping the back off and pulling the battery ) . i will add that while it is possible that a case ( particularly the thicker ones like otterbox produces ) could lead to enough excessive heat that it damages the battery , i have not heard of anything beyond a faulty battery actually damaging itself ( think of the exploding battery stories ) . i would think that we had hear a lot more about this if it were a significant issue .
on xda someone has a set of tools/instructions to determine the dependencies : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1476797
the manufacturer of this device does not claim that it is an android device , and the error you are seeing indicates that standard parts of the api framework have been omitted . it looks like they are using a heavily cut-down version of aosp . unless you can find or port a full android rom to this device , you will not be able to get these apps working . you might have better luck with apps written for older android versions which do not use so much of the framework : in particular , the missing function in this case was added in android 4.1 , so a launcher older than that might work .
it seems that the webkit bundled with htc sense does not support jquery properly , which is what is causing this error . the fix would be to install a non-webkit custom browser , such as firefox or opera .
this is overly long , and something is most likely wrong . i would say pull the battery , and then wipe the userdata . you may not need to wipe the userdata , but if the encryption has failed at some point then it will be necessary .
user dictionary manager might be what you are looking for . from the description : udm is an application that allows you to edit/export/import/delete/clean the user dictionary words found on your android phone .
i tried a lot of things . i think switching usb cables made a difference . after i switched and tried the vol down button holding while inserting the usb cable , the phone was recognized in emma but it was locked . but i was able to make flash mode work . so i retried pc companion , the update option which mentions resetting the phone/having trouble which opens a new menu . there i had to download the latest firmware first and then i had to do the vol down thing again after which it started installing the firmware on the phone . emma and pc companion are sony software .
does the phone fully boot or does it reboot almost immediately ? i have had similar experiences with phones ( from other vendors ) not being recognized until some time after they have booted ( mostly likely services need to start etc . etc . ) . i love ( not ) how this happens just at the time when you need to repair your phone ! have you tried removing sim cards , extra storage etc . sometimes if you can get the device to boot differently it will get far enough along to be " recognized " .
from the sources , it looks like it is printing out the contents of the SignalStrength object : this object is described in detail on the android developers reference here . the string representation of the signalstrength class is defined here ( search for " tostring " function ) : this basically tells you the columns in the dumpsys output .
you can find the code that produces this output in signalstrength . java in the android framework . even if you do not know java , it is pretty easy to see which raw value is which . if there are any values you do not understand ( the names are pretty concise and only make sense if you are familiar with phone standards ) , you can read the inline documentation elsewhere in the same file .
if you have a custom recovery already , where clockwork mod recovery is the most popular one , there is an option there to do a complete backup , sometimes called a " nandroid " . as long as you have this backup folder lying around ( it will not disappear when doing wipes from cwm ) and you can enter cwm , you can restore that backup as well . since the backup includes everything it also includes things like the kernel , the rom , apps and all that . it basically creates an image of your entire device that you can later return to . the tricky part is getting a custom recovery on your tab , but when you have that you should be reasonably safe as long as you remember to always backup . it does not hurt to put your backups somewhere else as well for safekeeping ( like your computer ) . i highly recommend you start reading the samsung galaxy tab forums on xda-developers . the q and a section probably already has all your questions listed , and the " android development " section has a ton of different roms you can choose from . as long as you have a backup lying around , do not be scared to try a couple of them out : ) ( remember that rooting your device and/or unlocking the bootloader will void the warranty , so if you can not re-lock it before sending it to samsung they will not replace it )
well , there is many possible causes for this . some that spring to mind immediately are : someone set up the facebook app on the phone sometime in the past and then forget they had done so ; after the system update , it either became obvious or the app was " helpfully " reactivated after being deactivated ( the most likely , imo ) . someone linked the facebook and gmail accounts , and the system update " helpfully " populated the fb app on the phone as well . a third party service or another app is aware of both the fb account and the gmail account , and has " helpfully " associate fb with the gmail account ( have you double checked the fb profile to make sure that the gmail address is not listed ? ) the cell phone number has been added into the facebook profile , linking the phone with the fb account that way as opposed to linking it via the gmail account . +++ updated with two more possibilities +++
seems to me that your pc and your android are in different time zones . since you have already mentioned that you are in india , i expect that your android has the wrong setting . Settings | Date &amp; time you may have to turn off " automatic " so that you can set the time zone yourself .
a brief post about speeding up a htc hero . are you with sprint by any chance ? this thread and this thread have at least one suggestion : have a look in menu > settings > about phone > system updates > htc software update . apparently there is a . 6 firmware patch . unfortunately , most of the posts are not reassuring . perhaps time to upgrade/change phones ?
i think " phone idle " just means general power use from the phone being on ( listening for user activation , waiting for scheduled app actions , basic memory and cpu " being on " stuff etc . ) whereas " cell standby " is about keeping the phone active on the cell network ( brief signals back and forth with cell towers alerting them of your presence , listening for calls or sms ) .
it is the blur tool . you can apply linear or radial blur with this tool . ( more details in the instagram help center ) this tool is mostly used to simulate tilt-shift effect ( used by photographers to highlight a plane or exaggerate a minimal depth-of-field ) .
yes of course , so long as you have access to that database . if we are talking about mobile phone apps , then most will have an embedded sqlite database or equivalent . these typically are " stand alone " databases that do not have user authentication to access , you simply need access to the file ( "someapp . db " , or " someapp . sqlite " , etc ) and the proper utility installed to read it ( sqlite version 3 for example ) . on linux you would do something like sudo yum install sqlite -y sqlite3 someapp . db and it will open the database and you can issue all your sql commands from there . keep in mind some apps go through lengths to " hide " or otherwise make their database impossible for average-joe to access and get into . edit : also , on android specifically there is an app in the market ( paid , like $3 i think ) called " sqlite editor " that allows you to browse all found sqlite databases on the phone and edit them if desired .
you will also need root access . without root you will not be able to get into the apps ' database folders . if you download the adroid sdk you can connect your phone/tablet via usb and run sqlite via the adb shell .
i had a similar issue . eventually , i disabled the following : auto fill forms ; sync via usb an developer tools . it worked ! oh also i cleared data ( settings . . content settings ) for google sites .
disable syncing in google chrome . remove stored sync data on your google dashboard . enable sync again in google chrome making sure that only the passwords are encrypted . disable and enable sync browser in ics . there is a more detailed howto with photos on my blog if you need it .
i think that there is no other way as to simply delete the files on your android device . make sure you have a copy of the files on your pc or an external hd . i am not sure if one can download the mp3s easily from the google music cloud . you have the files in google musics cloud , why do you need them on the device too ? the music app will cache the files on the device for fast/offline access .
unfortunately , you can not . the list of available languages is a system configuration option that affects the voice search app , but can also be used by other apps , and by design is not intended to be updated that often . google assumes that a user sets the desired language and performs actions based on it , as one tends to use the native language to perform such actions , the list is supposed to contain as much available languages as possible . from the recent post on the google blog announcing 13 additional languages for voice search , it is mentioned : note that you can only speak one language into the app at a time , and you may need to change your language settings to use one of these new languages . the list itself is extensive as to allow developers to provide support according to their target users , and as mentioned , to allow users to select their own desired language . a workaround would be to have a custom rom limited to the desired languages .
i think you will have better luck at the xda developers forum it is the main place for rom cookers ( mainly htc devices ) , for the dream follow this link . try this thread for more info on rooting your htc
i agree with palehorse , haykuro 's blog is very easy to follow and is where i learned the process . once you are ready for a custom rom , the best , by far in my opinion , are released by cyanogen . this is mostly due to their very fast speed compared to other roms . you can find the latest , as of me writing this , at : his post on xda developers
this tutorial on haykuro 's blog was very easy to follow . i used it up to the point of flashing with the rom i wanted .
it will only show apps you have purchased from the market ( at least , that is the experience i have had ) besides the ones currently installed on your device . i recommend titanium backup ( requires root ) for backing up all your apps .
its been my experience that only paid apps remain in your my apps list after data is erased from your phone . i believe that the list of downloaded free apps is stores in the phones memory so its lost when you wipe it . this is the benefit of services like appbrain . edit : as thunsaker points out , if you use google 's android backup service and you have a 2.2 or later device it will save the list of your downloaded app ( among other things ) and restore that to the market after a restore .
is this the first time that you have opened the market since your reformat ? my experience both with moving from an old phone to a new one and after a factory reset , was that once i would added my primary account onto the phone , the first time that i opened market and went straight to my apps , i saw every app that i had on my previous device both paid , and free in the list ( the free ones showed in the list as " free " rather than the normal " installed" ) . if i then came out of market , the next time that i opened market it just showed me my paid apps plus the apps that had actually been installed on this phone since the wipe , it had now ' forgotten ' my previously installed apps and i have lost the chance to easily find and reinstall them .
this is marginally unanswerable . there certainly is no specific decision available regarding devices -> google has an internal maximum , but updates are mostly done by manufacturers , for instance samsung or htc . low-end devices will receive much less ( if any at all ) updates from their manufacturer . high end devices will be able to run run new versions much longer , and if you take into account that you can put custom roms on the devices it is a complete open field . so while the linked quote by @qdoe gives some rule of thumb for google 's idea about support , i would not look too hard at it . it is a combination of manufacturer and devices specifications and what the user does : just like other hardware . now for devices vs versions this is also tricky : while we have devices that might-or-might-not be end-of-life in terms of support/updates that get there automatically , there is something as major versions . at a certain point one version ( say 2 . x ) is not being updated to x+1 , but there is no specific reason that you can not update to 4 , apart from limitations on device etc . so while a major version might be ' end-of-life ' , this has no specific meaning . in the end it all hangs on why you want this information . you say you are a software-engineer , so i suppose you are releasing android apps ? your best course of action then is to always develop with the latest ( 4.3 currently ) sdk version as target , with the minimum set quite a bit lower ( as low as you can without losing functionality ) . most of the functionality is available backward-compatible through the support-sdk 's , so you could as a for instance use fragments if you want in a min . 2 . x supported app . i would step away from the " this is for version x , i need to know the lifetime " frame of mind .
for android devices the answer is : 18 months is the maximum supported lifetime . i found this in the google android faq . it is said that the 2 year old galaxy nexus does not recieve an update to android 4.4 " kitkat": galaxy nexus , which first launched two years ago , falls outside of the 18-month update window when google and others traditionally update devices .
i would suggest clearing the data . also , are you sure that the contact is actually being synced by the facebook application . the facebook application may not think that the contact is the " same person " that you know that it is . i would clear the data and reset up the syncing for the facebook app . there maybe something in there that is preventing the image to update . maybe a corrupt image , or data .
make sure the app is on internal memory , not the sd card . i know that android does not support widgets for apps that have been installed to the sd card instead of internal memory ( at least for android 3 and below ; not sure if it has changed for android 4 ) .
the problem is caused by a bug in jelly bean that causes apps installed via google play to be installed to the external storage regardless of the " internalonly " qualifier in the application manifest . source : android bug tracker 1 and 2 the issue of widgets disappearing can be resolved with a work around using titanium backup . you install beautiful widgets through the store , back up and uninstall beautiful widgets using titanium backup , then reinstall beautiful widgets to internal storage via the backup . i believe titanium backup requires root access so i will not be using this solution on my personal phone but i have tested with a rooted dev tablet and it works . the issue has been marked as fixed for the next android release so aside from rooting my device , waiting for an update is the only solution .
do this : type *#0011# on your dialer to go into service mode . from there , go to settings by pressing the left hard key navigate to wifi and turn off power setting mode . this solved the problem for me . however if you turn your phone off and again , the procedure will have to be repeated on each restart as its temporary .
update your phone to the firmware i9300xxella and check through " exynos " if your device is affected or not affected , it will tell you .
i think you should make sure the ebook format that the android kindle supports first . epub is the most common ebook format for ebooks , nearly all ebook readers can recognize this format , including kindle . so you should convert pdf to epub foramt . download a pdf to epub converter . i recommend pdfmate pdf converter , which is developed by my company add the pdf to the program to convert it as epub format . transfer the epub format to kindle .
i know i am coming in late here , but there are a couple more suggestions to convert/push documents to the kf : mail it to your [ your-kindle ] @kindle . com address with ' convert ' in the subject line . use the send to kindle app ( mac version ; windows version link on page ) which automates the process with drag-and-drop . the send to kindle bookmarklet claims to push web-content to your kindle ( i have not tried this one ) .
use calibre for all ebook conversions .
there are some alternative front-ends to the google play store , like appbrain , androidzoom that use a totally different search engine , and index apps differently , you may have different results if you search on there for your apps . see also this previous question for some more info : what are the alternative android app markets ?
try combined search words to narrow down the result list . if you e.g. look for an alarm reminder , " alarm reminder " gives you 1.000+ results -- while " alarm-reminder " ( note the " minus " replacing the space ) shrinks it to 48 , relating to both terms ( and not just either one of them ) . sometimes also the rules from google 's main search engine apply here ( i could not yet figure out when they do and when they do not ) . so " alarm +reminder " should list only apps whose name/description contains both terms -- while " alarm -reminder " should list only those containing " alarm " but not " reminder " . as said , this works sometimes , while the first rule mentioned seems to work always . i just tested it , and surprisingly even some more advanced keywords work : " clock +intitle:alarm " really lists only apps having " alarm " in their name ( and " clock " in their name or description ; though this i did not verify completely ) . i suspect the playstore search is just a " customized google search " -- so you might play with other " tipps and tricks " from its " big brother " .
in the settings of the gmail app there is a setting called " email notifications " . uncheck that setting , and you should stop getting notifications from it .
there are a few potential things that can cause this . you are too close to the router . seriously , this can happen on samsung devices . i have seen it on the s4 and note 3 . it is very unlikely but worth mentioning on a list . the 2.4ghz and 5ghz are interfering with something on the device . try turning 5ghz off altogether . you could add the phone 's ip address to the router 's allowed devices . in the phone 's network/wifi ( varies by device/version ) settings , untick auto switch between WiFi and mobile network as suggested here : tp-link router has the ability to create a ' guest ' network . so besides the 2ghz network and the 5ghz network , i created a 3rd network , only for the 2 mobile phones . in your router 's lan setup section you can add your phone to the section where it says Address Reservation
you need to do a factory reset via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory Data Reset ( this may be under a different menu on newer versions of android . ) factory reset formats your device , erasing all 3rd-party installed apps and their settings . it also dis-associates your accounts ( google , or any others you may have added ) from the device , removing any synced contacts . you may also wish to format your sd card if you are giving it along with the phone . apps , books , music and videos that you purchased via google play store are tied to your google account . you will be able to re-download them to your new android device after signing in with your google account .
what i done is i found a programme called " android injector " which installs . apk files from your pc to your android . downloaded and installed the google apps and that sorted the market problem out . but i ddnt get to keep my old apps after i got link to sd it was blank . oh well . . . .
are you running a custom rom on your xperia x10 mini ? if you are missing the google talk app , this means that factory rest deleted some of the google apps required for market to work properly . i would suggest finding the appropriate gapps package for the rom you are running and re-flashing it .
sounds like the factory reset removed the changes that link2sd made . but if you now moved apps that are system apps ( like talk ) they are now " gone " . i am not 100% sure how link2sd works , if it uses an ext3 partition on the sdcard or what exactly it does . but it sounds like it really botched up your system . your best bet at this point it to find the stock rom and reflash the device back to the original stock setup . for future reference , a factory reset does not return the device to " stock setup " , it deletes all the user data off the device , as if it has never been used . it does not add any system apps or reset their " state " . if you make those kinds of changes , a factory reset does not fix them .
it will replace your existing kernel . but before that make sure your rom is compatible with new kernel or you will end up in boot loop . in certain kernel wifi may not work . you may have to install wifi modules separately .
no , flashing a kernel only wipes the old kernel . generally , user-space drivers in the system image will be specific to a particular version of the kernel driver , and each kernel driver version will only work with certain kernel versions , so only flash a different kernel if you know that it was built to work with your user-space version , or vice-versa . usually stock roms will only work with the kernel that came with the rom , and third-party roms will say which kernels they work with . on devices that support fastboot , you can use fastboot flash boot boot.img to flash the file boot.img to the boot partition . this is the one that stores the kernel .
you can not get the old popup back , but sparx 's suggestion is correct : if you double-tap the app , it has the same effect as clicking " just once " . hopefully this is quick and easy enough that the new-style chooser does not annoy you any more .
there is this graph from over at wikipedia , which uses the data from google 's dashboard .
have you searched xda developers ' forums ? they are my number 1 goto for rooting and custom rom resources . rooting , depending on how you do it , can be risky so it is important to know what you are doing . in my opinion , your best bet is a custom rom , stock generally leaves a lot to be desired . the process is different for each manufacturer and rom . remember that the above mentioned will void your warranty , and always to read before you take any action . good luck .
i do not think that there is any standard way in the market for developers to declare what license their app is developed under . a normal text search of the market for " gpl " comes up with hundreds of apps that have specifically put the word gpl in their title or description . other than that an awful lot of the android gpl developers seem to host their code on google code , everything there is open source and there are ways that you can search that by license type , that might well be the closest that you can get ( though you will obviously miss out on developers who host their code elsewhere ) .
i do not know the answer to your question , but the closest thing i have found is : http://fdroid.org/
i have not used vivek rom and i do not know how the rom installation is happening . most of the latest rom now having aroma installer . so when installing the rom , it will prompt whether you want to change recovery . so when you choose a new the rom for your mobile , please check rom installation is through aroma installer and it has the option to flash recovery or not
the galaxy s4 mini only comes with an 8gb internal storage ( 5gb are usable ) , i think you are referring to your external storage and you can use this space by moving some apps to it . you can achieve that by installing an app called " app 2 sd " by sam lu , it is very simple to use application , hope this help
later versions of android do not allow apps to be on sd ( no app will make it happen if this is the case , unless you are rooted ) . to free up space try using an app like clean master .
i have the same problem with my nexus 4 using the android runtime ( art ) . it seems to be related to art and/or the new " differential updates " that the play store now allows . most app updates will now only download the updated files and resources in the apk . if a crash happens on an update , it will always occur during the gap between when the updated files are downloaded and when the installation starts . if you are using art , try switching back to dalvik .
for some reason nexus devices have an ongoing problem with playstore funny thing is google are aware of it but dont seem to be able to fix the issues . i have had an similar issue with a nexus 4 but i just downloaded an app called aptoide to get my apps from and avoided the play store altogether . hope this helps .
if you go into the web version of the play store and then click on the link my market account at the top of the screen it shows you all the free and paid apps that you have downloaded since you opened your android google account . from here you can also click the app name and then click the download button which then sends the download to your phone . i have done this quite a few times when i have had to reinstall my phone hope this helps
answering an old question , i know , but android 4.2 has " always-on vpn " in the menu on the vpn settings page : setting a vpn profile under this will maintain the vpn connection , and only allow network traffic when connected to it . more info : http://support.google.com/nexus/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=2819573 ( it may have been added in an earlier version of android , but my nexus 7 auto-updated before i got around to setting up the vpn : )
you could install orbot on your phone and install a bridge on your server . depending on your needs , you might want to restrict bridge access via a whitelist . ( please see comments ) this is not a true vpn , but provides the same functionality . orbot can force all traffic or app-specific traffic . orbot [ 02/20/12 ] 0.2.3.10-alpha-orbot-1.0.7-final . apk
sshtunnel sshtunnel is an ssh tunnel/vpn solution for android . when i first found sshtunnel , users were forced to use an application 's settings to use sock5 proxy , but now sshtunnel can handle per application and global use on its own . just like rooting is required to get the full functionality of orbot , you will need a rooted device in order to get what you need from sshtunnel . although this is not a vpn , this is a much simpler setup that will give you an encrypted tunnel to your server . you can interact with your server through this connection directly , or use it to receive or bounce traffic outwards . note : unencrypted traffic sent to your server ( ie http ) will be encrypted through your ssh tunnel , but it will still be clear/unencrypted once it leaves your server . links and qr google play/market official website
sounds more like a virus . the only guarenteed way is to flash a fresh rom and start over . malware is getting smarter and smarter and may be able to hide itself on the os unless you start fresh .
you can try a custom home launcher , which is another term for home screen , instead of touchwiz , samsung 's default launcher . go launcher is a popular one and is very customizable . adw is another one that has good performance . doing a search for " launcher " in the play store will bring up multiple options .
because sammy 's software is buggy ! if yours is a galaxy s i9000 , then there are ics roms on xda forum which i found far smoother and usable on my phone than samsung 's touchwiz gingerbread . if you do not want to go through the hassle of rooting , flashing a custom rom , then i suggest that you backup your data and do a factory reset . settings=&gt;privacy=&gt;factory data reset 
on the razr , it is separate from the display timeout . it is in " security-> automatically lock " . not sure if that is unique to the razr or not . if you have the sdk installed , it might be possible to push an alternate property with " adb shell setprop " , but it would not be persistent across reboots .
yes , it works fine for me without sim-card . i can still use wifi for accessing internet .
i know tunein can play mms radio , but from what i see , only ones from a predefined set . chuvradio does not seem to be there yet . maybe you can submit your station to them ?
mx player also supports mms streams , and it is great because you can minimise the application and keep listening to the radio , as i am right now .
try yxplayer . unlike other apps , it allows a user to enter custom streaming urls from what i can see . there is also vplayer that might work .
gps is , generally speaking , a one-way system . whether your phone powers up the gps chip and starts receiving signals or not does not matter because the phone is not broadcasting , the satellites are , and you can not turn off the satellites ! that is likely why it is excluded from airplane mode . if you had still like to have it shut off when you enter airplane mode you should look into a tasker script or something similar than will toggle it when it detects you have entered airplane mode . i do not believe there is a native android setting for this .
i think it'is a very easy question to answer your device do not found the recovery partition when you flash are you leave original schema partition intact ? no ? i hope you have a backup . . . . . az2012
wow , i figured it out ! i just had to go back to settings , then applications , then all , and then enable google play services again ! i had not deleted it after all ! yay !
you can not add just any app to the multi-window list ( the one you get by clicking edit ) . that list only contains apps that have been written using samsung 's vendor-specific library to support the multi-window feature . ( i suspect that the feature also has special-case code to enable the google apps in the list such as hangouts , but that is just speculation on my part . ) you can only make an app appear in that list by contacting the developer of the app and asking them to support it . it may be an up-hill struggle to convince them to invest time and make their app larger to support a feature used by a minority of users on one manufacturer 's devices .
by default , you can not add other apps to samsung 's multi-window feature . however , you can use apps like samsung multi window manager to work around this limitation . it also has a pro version that has additional features . using this multi window manager , you can enable any app to take advantage of this awesome new feature .
to return to the last page you visited , you can just tap on the screen to notice a bar in the bottom . if you look closer you can see a blue triangle that marks the last visited page . click on it and you will return to that page ! click image for larger version hope this helps .
official ? no . trusted ? well that depends on who you trust . rootzwiki has a list of the gapps packages for all android versions . now for the rant part : google understandably and thankfully does not support old versions . the roi is getting lower and lower with the older platforms . no person in their right mind would support 1.6 when they have 4.1 out there and a newer version in the works .
not sure if it exists on the s3 mini , but on the regular s3 running 4.1 and later , there is a thing called blocking mode that will allow you to block incoming calls ( and other notifications ) from non-contacts , or limit it further to only favorite contacts or make a custom list of allowed callers .
the app blacklist plus mentions exactly that as one possible use : there are four block modes of call blocker : blacklist all except the whitelist all except contacts all numbers ( emphasis mine ) . there are plenty other similar apps available , just search for " blacklist " or " call blocker " on the playstore .
you cannot pull data folder directly since adb does not have file listing access to it . if you want to pull the /data folder you can do it via recovery ( [ custom recovery , cwm/twrp ] run adb while device is in recovery mode , hopefully a custom recovery ) . or as root , copy /data to another directory ( sdcard ) and pull it from there .
files and directories below /data/data are protected from the " average user " , so you cannot simply " pull " them unless the adb daemon is running in root mode . other than the file you were referring to ( /system/buildprop is at least readable by all apps ) , folders below /data/data are " invisible " ( except for root ) , so they cannot even be read . to be able to use adb pull on them , you need to make your adb daemon run in root mode first . depending on the device , a simple adb root command might do that – but most devices will refuse to do . in those cases , you can use chainfire 's adbd insecure : install this app on your device , start it there , and manually switch to " insecure " mode . now the pull should succeed . remark : it is called " insecure " because running adbd as root gives everybody with a computer and an usb cable access to everything on your device . just in case you wonder .
problems after dropping the phones typically come from two reasons : physical damage brown out ( unclean voltage drop ) the voltage drop may temporarily lock up the circuit , so you could take out the battery for some time to let it properly reset . else inspect the connector springs if they are bent and measure the battery voltage , try a spare battery , etc .
no one answered my question , but i found the answer . i earned a badge tumbleweed . . lol because , battery drivers do not implement the same .
on ics , click on the applications icon , then select menu &gt; edit . you can now drag-and-drop any application icon you want to the row with the default icons . note that you can remove the phone and contacts icons , but not the applications icon . i am not sure if there is a similar feature in the touchwiz launcher on froyo , but alternatively you can look around and install a different launcher that does allows you to customize everything . you may want to start by reading this article
keep on top of your apps : deleting the ones you do not use and the ones that are poorly coded resource hogs . clear individual apps caches in settings > applications > manage applications by choosing clear cache . reboot your device periodically ( i have no evidence to back up that this improves performance but it seems to work for me ) ( this answer is a community wiki so feel free to add or amend )
here is some performance tips : have plenty of extra space in the internal memory . the phone uses the internal memory to store apks and caches , if you have very little internal memory , it might make it difficult for the phone to find contiguous area large enough to store and load the cache . while flash-based storage are not as badly affected by fragmentation as disk-based storage , there will still be a major performance hit if the apks or cache file is fragmented into 1000 pieces . you should not need to clear caches . the caches are needed for the best performance of the phone . if you clear caches , and you have performance improvement , that is just because you have made an extra space and that makes it easier for new programs to create and load their caches . while you might be happy with this , it is only a temporary fix until the program rebuilds the cache and it becomes sluggish again . best way to resolve this situation is to keep an amount of empty space ( about 10-30% of the internal memory , the optimal figure depends on the size of your internal memory ) , do not install too many programs and uninstall programs you do not use ; this way you prevent program you do not use to build caches you do not use . prefer small programs , which generally produces smaller caches . avoid app2sd for applications you frequently use , unless you have class 6 or higher sd card . put only big applications that you do not use frequently on sd card ( e . g . games ) ; homescreen , keyboard , and widgets should be in the internal memory for best performance ( android prevents you from installing them on sd card , but it is not impossible to force move them to sd ) . avoid program that have background services and avoid home screen widgets . while there are valid reasons for programs to spawn background service ( e . g . music player , im , etc ) and while some home screen widgets are very useful ; they can degrade performance if you have too many of them . background service and home screen widgets will eat up rams that the os cannot reclaim as easily as sleeping applications . android usually will reclaim memory from unused applications first , but only in very dire circumstances that it kills background services and home screen . this is not an outright ban on background services and home screen widgets ; just to be a bit conservative in the use of widgets since no os in the world can smoothly run more programs than it was designed to handle .
their website does not say that you need to be rooted to use it . just need a nzb file and a usenet account .
tethering an ios device to an android device will cause a wormhole to open and suck them both in . i do not recommend it . the non-sarcastic response to bt tethering on honeycomb
to support my bluetooth headset , my desire was to turn bluetooth on when i am in the contacts app or in a call . i could do it only while in a call but then i can not make sure my headset is connected before the other party picks up . none of the solutions already posted would work . setting %bluetoothneeded on when in contacts or in call means that when a call starts , it sets %bluetoothneeded on but then when contacts becomes background to being in call , it sets %bluetoothneeded off and bluetooth turns off . using the inverse operation , turn bluetooth off when not in contacts and not in call but turn bluetooth on as an exit task almost works , but apparently tasker notices the brief period when contacts loses foreground status and the call has not started yet and turns bluetooth off . so here 's what worked for me , based on this blog : create a task called Dummy with an action of Tasks &gt; Wait &gt; 1ms create a profile called stateInCall with a condition of State &gt; Phone &gt; Call &gt; Type: Any . link it to the Dummy task . create a profile called stateInContacts with a condition of State &gt; Application &gt; Contacts . link it to the Dummy task . create a profile called Bluetooth Needed with a condition of State &gt; Variable &gt; Variable Value . set name to %PACTIVE , op to Matches , and value to *,stateInCall,*|*,stateInContacts,* . according to the tasker docs , %pactive contains a comma-separated list of active profiles where the list also begins and ends with a comma to make matching easier . link this profile to a task called Bluetooth On that turns bluetooth on using the Net &gt; Bluetooth &gt; Set: On action . create a task called Conditional Bluetooth Off with the following actions : task > wait > 10 seconds task > if > %PACTIVE does not match *,stateInCall,*|*,stateInContacts,* net > bluetooth > set : off task > end if long press on the Bluetooth Needed profile then choose Properties . uncheck Restore Settings . quick press the Bluetooth Needed profile till the Bluetooth On task appears below it , in the right column . long press Bluetooth On and choose Add Exit Task , then choose Conditional Bluetooth Off . Conditional Bluetooth Off will wait 10 seconds before double checking that neither stateInCall nor stateInContacts are true , at which point it will turn bluetooth off . otherwise , it leaves bluetooth on and when both stateInCall and stateInContacts exit later , it will do its 10 second wait and check again .
or probably you can use " inverted " conditions to do an opposite task ? , e.g. if you want to run a task when wifi is connected or when the profile:a is inactive , you can instead setup contexts for " wifi is disconnected " and " profile : a is active " both with " inverted " checkbox selected , and setup a task that does the opposite , if that is possible . this basically works because of : (A OR B) = NOT((NOT A) AND (NOT B))
you could make your action depend on a variable "%condition=true " and then make two different profiles : profile a : set condition to " true " profile b : set condition to " true " your profile : if variable " condition"=true then . . . and there goes your exit task but would be nice if the authors would enhance tasker for that . . . : )
you will need to make a single profile for each context and pair it to the action individually .
specify ssid in the wifi connected context to be ABC/XYZ this will activate the context if you connect to abc or xyz , reference : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
the answer is most likely that your polaroid tablet is not licensed to use google play . there are a number of requirements that must be met before google licenses its app store for use on a tablet . some of it has to do with software compatibility tests that pass or fail for the device . this is from the polaroid tablet faq : http://www.polaroid.com/faqs/tablet-faqs/i-cannot-use-google-play-store-why it says : " our tablets are not licenced with googleplay store as of yet . . . " i am not sure how old that faq message is , though , as it goes on to suggest that tablets do not need google play but smart phones do . weird . it also says that you can use amazon 's app store . there is also this link which goes over how to install google play on a polaroid tablet . i do not know how good it is , but it might work for you . . . http://www.the-digital-reader.com/2012/04/07/how-to-install-google-apps-gplay-etc-on-polaroi-pmid701 i am not sure why any android device manufacturer would not include google play . my guess is it requires a fee to license it from google . but supposedly it costs nothing to run their open source compatibility test to prove their devices are compatible with google play . there may also be other legal issues , especially with regards to different regions , content distribution and encryption .
does it have other google apps like gmail , google maps , etc ? if not then the tablet is stripped off the google apps . if you find other apps then you might want to confirm if the app has not been disabled in settings . settings-> apps-> all
for a manual approach , i found a download link for the firmware off the asus site . i think my mistake earlier was in the download pages os selector i looked at winxp , win7 , never considered ( or noticed ) that android was an os option . then you download and unzip the 250 meg file . then you copy it to an sd card , with asus as the folder at the root . pop it into the tranformer , and you get a notification that it is preparing the sd card , and then that there is a software update available . at that point , you are at the same basic functionality as the over the air upgrade path . make sure you are plugged in ( or do not run out of power ) . however , this is a workaround , as opposed to fixing the core issue , of why the ota upgrade was not available .
i would keep the phone rooted , with the sale option of restoring to stock rom ( if that is what the customer wants ) . or you can give the phone back with a stock rom with root . clockwork should let you do that . make sure you factory reset the phone before you give it to them ( rooted or not ) and format the sd card too .
if i was buying a used device , i would expect that a factory reset would have been done to it . either way , i would probably do a factory reset myself anyway , just because . unless , of course , i rather wanted a rooted phone . i think a factory reset is the better option . you would not want someone to stumble upon some of your personal data . in any event , it is best to make sure the buyer knows exactly what they are getting .
i found out that this was caused by installing supern64 . strange that it caused something across the entire phone and every app , not just itself .
when repligo talks about " bookmarks " , it does not mean the " paper clip to remember your last reading position " . it rather speaks in terms of pdf specifics , where " bookmarks " are what is commonly referred to as " table of contents " ( or in short : toc ) , see repligo reader for android features . and that is something the creator sets , not the reader . but the same linked page gives you an idea for a work-around : you can use " annotations " . this way you get a kind of " named bookmarks " , which should be selectable like those " pdf bookmarks " . i cannot say how exactly repligo handles this , as i do not use it myself . it could very well be that it simply allows to add annotations , but does not keep an index for them . so in case you do not really need to change/edit things into the pdf , you might want to take a look at moon+ reader pro for an alternative : this pro version also offers pdf support . and ( at least with epub , what i mostly use ) it handles bookmarks , annotations , highlights , and other whats-nots quite fine , including an index to look them up , and more .
an update might include a new radio-firmware ( see : what is radio firmware ? ; basically you can think of it as the " hardware-layer " or an api to give the installed ( android ) system access to the hardware ) , which is not included with a nandroid backup . it could also include a " recovery-image " ( see : recovery-mode ) , which you did not include with your backup . for the latter , you could simply include it with your nandroid backup . the radio-image is a different thing : i know of no method to extract/backup it from a given device . you could , however , check which radio version is currently installed with your device , and see if you can get a " ruu " ( radio unit update ) specifically for that .
as far as i now android device slowdown can occur for several reasons : very low amount of free ram . check under settings> apps> running how much free ram you have if your free ram is too low ( 70-150mb or less ) it is probably the cause so check which app/apps , if it is not an app maybe it is a bug in the rom . ( see 3 ) low free space on internal storage . ( check under setting> storage ) if the free space is too low ( ~2gb or less ) , try free up some space and check if that helps kernel bug/misconfiguration . try to check your cpu usage stats , clock speed , governor , number of active cores etc . . . ( if you havn't flashed a custom kernel and never changed the governor/clock speed or other performance settings it is probably not the problem ) rom bug you can try perform a nandroid backup , then reinstall the rom after full wipe and see how it performs , if it is still slow , try clean install of the version that previously worked fine ( only if you know what you doing ! ) bug in one of the user apps . if your cpu/ram usage is too high for no reason maybe one of your apps eating it . i recommend you to try osmonitor or any similar app to find which app eating your cpu/ram . ( lack of trim , trim does exist in android 4.3 and up so it is not the problem ) ( in some rare cases bad sdcard can cause such problem but it is not the problem too since galaxy nexus does not have card slot )
cyanogenmod nightly builds are unstable and will show bugs like this from time to time . they are really not suitable for everyday use , and sooner or later one of these bugs might wipe all your data , or turn your phone into a pocket heater by running the cpu at 100% continuously . to avoid the problem you have seen , either update ( downdate ) to a nightly that does not have this problem , or switch to something more stable such as a beta build .
i would suggest a full wipe to determine if it is a hardware or software issue . you can save data from your apps through a utility like titanium backup ( be sure to copy the backup files out of your device after you have performed the backup tasks ) . just to be sure , did you change the runtime to art or are you still on dalvik ? art is extremely unstable on cyanogenmod builds since 31 mar 2014
you can also check if you do not have an app that automatically selects a profile depending on a trigger . although it could be a bug in your rom , it could also be caused by an automatic change of profile . make sure the profile that is selected when you turn on your phone is the same as the one when the vibrator stops working , and that the definition of the profile did not change . the behavior you describe could be consistent with a change of profile since some apps might take a few minutes to be loaded after you start the phone , including your profile manager .
it should not be possible for an app to prevent all apps from using the vibrator . this definitely points to an error in the custom rom .
in my case i had turned on power savings mode . am not sure but i believe that in 4.4.2 power saving mode comes with " disabling haptic feedback " turned on . this can be rectified by going to settings-> my device and then clicking on power saving mode . there uncheck the " disabling haptic feedback " checkbox .
superoneclick , and other one click root methods use a rootkit exploit that has been patched in the newer versions of android . to root the newer versions of android , a new exploit is needed . you would have to find a way to install the binaries , and set the permissions . this can be done using the stock recovery - it just needs to be signed correctly , and as such , could be quite difficult . other ways include flashing a custom boot.img file using the bootloader . if your device does not come with a flashable bootloader then you are really out of options sorry .
update original stock rom of callbar mobiles is available on following official link . millions of thanks to company 's sales head officer in my country to whom i talked on mobile . he was kind enough to spare his precious time and guided me to download stockrom and flash it properly . without naming him on this public portal , i would like to tell that he is great person . there are 3 stock roms for models callbar a1 , callbar a2 and callbar tab7 available under the modem driver download section . the rar file includes all tools and software required for flashing . here is the link http://www.callbar.in/kingmove.html go in details for how to use ' researchdownload ' software to flash the rom .
automated solutions could involve tasker : make a job running in intervals ( e . g . all 3 hours ) , with the task to shell-execute rm -rf /data/log/* as root , should keep the folder clean . tasker has a " run shell " command , where you can tick " use root " – that is what you would need .
if you can get into the bootloader , you can issue a fastboot -w command which will erase all data - this normally solved boot loops . if not , you should be able to install a new rom using the same bootloader ( fastboot ) , you just need the system . img file ( make sure you issue a fastboot -w command before you flash , however ) . i believe that this pink screen you talk of could be the fastboot/bootloader mode you need to issue the above commands - you just need the fastboot . exe file , as well as the . dll files that come with adb . exe .
i had the same problem with my y200 . go to huaweidevice . com and download the firmware . extract the folder downloaded and copy it to the sd card . insert the sd card into the phone . press vol up and down key at the same time + power button , then a message installing package comes up . then wait until the phone reboots . that is how its done
generally speaking , no , clockworkmod ( and other custom recoveries ) do not backup your bootloader . you can physically look at your backup directory to verify this , but i have never seen a custom recovery that included a bootloader in the backups . what you typically get is : boot partition system partition data partition ( also /sdcard/.android_secure depending on the recovery/version ) sdext ( if you have it ) wimax partition ( if you have it ) the general rule is to make sure you have the correct hboot version before you restore a nandroid backup , and you had have to flash it separately .
this seems like a bug in one of the apps you use . best you can do is report it to their developers through the play store .
stock recovery 's do not offer this feature , you would need a custom recovery to backup and restore .
when your android device is rooted , you should be able to flash images . there is a " gapps " package that contains the google applications ( like gmail , . . . ) that is delivered with most aosp roms , so you can flash that through recovery . if i am not mistaken , this enables the google play store on the given rom . i think the gapps package must be ( somewhat ) compatible with the rom it is being flashed on . there are also separate apk files that you can install directly ( without flashing ) , though i have no experience with those . and again , they probably must be compatible with the rom you are currently running . please refer to xda-developers . com for more information .
it might be issue with the rom you flashed . try downloading factory image from samsung , then flash it using odin . if everything goes well , you can see factory new phone os in your hands :p i am also concerned wether it is bricked or not . coz galaxy note has many variants , i bricked mine long back , then i got sansumg gig to get back my recovery . if your contacts are in memory , do not fully wipe the phone . just re-install os via odin .
in jelly bean , create links as follows : create a bookmark in your browser . go into apps list and click widgets tab . scroll to bookmarks widget and press and hold , then drop on home screen where desired . when asked , select browser bookmark to associate with bookmark widget . works on atrix2 , ymmv .
a very nice solution i use daily is pocket . several apps support it directly , and for others it is available via the " share " menu . you can think of that like " bookmarks in the cloud " . on the pc , you can access your " pocket bookmarks " via their web service using any browser , or use the pocket addon ( available e.g. for firefox ) . i cannot think of an easier way to share links between the two devices !
numerous alternative solutions here .
it depends on what you would like to achieve . if you want to just send a link from your computer to your android device you have several possibilities : send an email to yourself containing the url . of course you need to have that email account synched on your android phone . then open the mail there and click on the link . admittedly , this is a not very elegant approach another approach is to use chrome2phone . it consists of a mobile app and a google chrome extension that adds a button to your chrome browser . by clicking on that button , a link of the currently open tab will be sent to your mobile phone and directly opened there on the browser . here 's a youtube video that explains how to set it up : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqb243nimlg if you want to have links on your android homescreen , you may create bookmarks in your android browser and then add them by long-pressing on the homescreen , then choosing " shortcuts " followed by " bookmark "
i do not think you can do it via adb , but you can programmatically change the orientation using.setRequestedOrientation(ActivityInfo.SCREEN_ORIENTATION_LANDSCAPE); you could link this up to a timer that would change the orientation every five minutes if that is what you want to do , or write it into unit tests to automatically check if everything goes ok when you change orientation .
this problem went away after i installed a kernel and rom that was developed more specifically for my particular phone , the sc-02c . the lesson learned was to be really sure before rooting or upgrading that one is working with the exact right rom and kernel .
i have a samsung 42" volume uncontrollable and the red power light flickers . this might not be for everyone , before replacing it with a new one i sprayed the on-off switch for a few days . each day it improved now i have no problem . sonny
many others have had this problem and have overcome it by loading the persist app from google play : audio management made easy - persist puts you in complete control of your audio with a variety of volume controls and settings . presets volume locker - prevent volume changes silent and vibrate modes . . .
some apps cannot install for multiple users . searching the developer forums , the only suggested solution is to contact the app developer ( microsoft ) and ask them to test and enable multi-user support . technically , it is likely only a small issue like hard-coding where user-data should be stored and accessed instead of using the system provided path variables . very trivial to fix once the developer is aware of the issue . if the app as open-source you could probably have done it yourself .
you have done your research right , bro . another recommended way is using the commandline fastboot which can be easily followed-through here . i am using the same custom rom as you are , though , i can not utilize the bootloader interface on the phone as i already cut off the flex of its volume rockers ( yields nonbooting issues for me already ) . it'll work just like it did on mine . not an official wwe ( international ) radio , though . the latest wwe applicable is 12.65 . xxxx but gps will not function already when using jellytime r30 ( which is based on the latest pull from cm10 ) . since you already have flashed a custom rom i believe it is safe to say you do not have to deal with issues regarding s-off
in settings / location settings , uncheck " report from this device " . make also sure to disable google now . seems to do the trick with maps 6.14.1 on jb 4.1.2 .
one part of google maps is a so called " location service " , which kicks in on a couple of intents ( e . g . always when your network connectivity changes -- which happens when you login to a new wifi network , or to a new cell tower ) . it caches your current location to the " location cache " , which should serve to faster provide your current location when needed ( and to update google 's location database , as the cache is contents are submitted in intervals ) . without being rooted , there is not much you can do about . but if your device is rooted , you have several options : use an app like autorun manager pro ( yes , here you need the " pro" ) to disable the listeners which cause it to kick-in 1 use titanium backup ★ root to freeze the app when you do not need it , and un-freeze it on demand 2 which method to prefer ? i personally would go for the second . titanium backup lets you create a widget on your desktop to toggle the " frozen state " of an app , so you can easily switch it on/off . disabling some listeners might work well -- but the app also might start behaving strangely .
do not go to google drive directly . gallery select the files you want to upload share ( icon like branch ) -now you choose google drive and folder . . . click ok and you are in business
firstly , this is assuming you have ics or higher ( not sure if the gallery works this way before then ) . if you open an album , you should be able to long-press on a photo , and then at the top of the screen , where it says 1 selected , press that and you can say ' select all ' . then upload them .
i am getting the same problem and have not encrypted my nexus 7 's storage ( but it is rooted ) . any luck ? i have attempted to update it several times with no success . to reset the " check for updates " and allow you to attempt the update again , try the following : in settings > apps > all ( tab ) , search for google services framework , clear it is data and kill it . then go to settings > about tablet > system update , and it will find the update .
i managed to work it out with the nexus root toolkit in the end . however , i did not get around scrapping the existing contents this way . so what i did was to back up all my data and applications and then flash a new stock rom ( 4.2.1 ) . this worked fine , but it means i needed to re-encrypt the device and restore from the backup whatever i wanted . so it was more tedious than expected , but well worth it in hindsight . especially the multi-user system is worth it for me .
had the same problem . fixed by full reset and manual flash by fastboot , but all data need to backed up and restored . do not flash system partition only , or you will get bootloop ! there is not caused by encription , but maybe by supersu ( not tested , because of rooting-unrootng for me was need more time , than clean install and configure for 2 users ) . p.s. and get ready , what some apps not working with secondary users - i have crashes with tapatalk , for example . . .
to connect any device to your galaxy s3 ( or any other host-capable android device ) , you need a otg host cable . without that host cable , the phone does not know it is supposed to act as the host rather than as a peripheral . this is an example of such a cable . most online retailers carry similar ones .
yes , you need an otg cable . the pin layout is different than a regular micro usb to usb cable ; essentially , it is equivalent to shorting pins 4 and 5 on a normal cable . this is what causes the phone to know that it needs to be the host rather than the slave . in fact , you can do this yourself if you are handy with electronics and have a cable you do not mind taking apart , though they are also readily available at many online retailers ( amazon , newegg , monoprice , etc ) .
one workaround for this seems to be to add a variable state check as additional context for the profile - then adjusting that variable to a different value and back triggers the check . seems like a rather silly way to do it , though . : )
add a time context to your profile . there is a repeat option ( check box ) .
the first part of your question " why do so many of them require full phone access ? " . this is for 2 reasons . the granularity of the android permission system groups many system apis under a small number of permissions . app lockers need low level access to disable/enable apps . i assume that by " full phone access " you mean something like the " modify global system settings " permission . this permission is probably going to be required by app locker applications to prevent someone from disabling the lock without authorization , but it is hard to say , since i did not write the app . in the context of this question there are a few other permissions that make sense to me , e.g. , " retrieve running applications " and " automatically start at boot " . it is likely that most app locker apps will request at least those permissions . the rest of the permissions would be unnecessary just for locking an app , but may be used for other reasons . for example , i do not know why the app needs to intercept outgoing calls . for what it is worth , i ran the apk through http://android-permissions.org , and the tool reported that this app is not over privileged , meaning that inside the app , there is code that makes use of all the permissions requested . this is not good or bad , it just means that the developer probably is not requesting unneeded permissions . to answer the second part of your question , you are probably ok if you install that app , but we can never be sure . an update might make the app start doing something different that you find unacceptable , or the app may already be transmitting your phone number or imei to some remote server . who knows .
make sure the wi-fi router is not banning you . wi-fi routers have a setting to allow/deny specific mac addresses which could be used by your brother ( to tease you ) . if you are allowed to connect with router , this means dhcp is not working for you . dhcp service automatically assign ips to devices in network . dhcp server on router could be corrected after reboot . it has assigned ip to your brother 's device , after all . if rebooting router does not work , it means that dhcp client in your device is not working properly to obtain ip . try turning off - on wi-fi , restart device . if its not a big matter , you may do factory reset , too . if it is also not working or you do not want to do factory reset , fix ip of device . on wi-fi settings screen , hit menu button and tap Advanced . from here , you can fix ip to device after ticking Use Static IP address . if you do not know ip addressing , grab your brother 's ip and change digit after last dot . make sure , no other device in network has that ip .
the reason the op cannot see an app due to a message not available in your country is down to the very simple check on the sim card . each sim card has a carrier identification , and country code identification . when android powers up , the radio interface layer ( ril ) obtains the carrier and network information in which the baseband receives over the air , here is a small subset of an example taken from gingerbread source , apns-conf.xml notice the values for mcc , mnc , for spain for example , in this case , 214 , and 01 , 04 etc , that carrier information is transmitted across to the sim card and internally within android for reference . the play store , reads the phone state , and deduces the carrier information as a measure for " filtering " out apps based on the region/carrier . however , if the sim card is from the country of origin , for example , uk ( this also applies when roaming ) , android " remembers " the mcc and mnc and pushes that aside , and gets replaced with the preferential carrier 's network codes for the said values of mcc and mnc respectively when roaming , for example , spain . ( incidentally , as a side note , that is how auto-update of time-zones are supposedly to work , by looking up the mcc , and timezone , add on x minutes to the clock maintained by android ) . but that is in a nutshell , in how the play store determines what to show for that intended audience based on their respective network . there are work-arounds available , by faking the carrier code is one , market enabler does that exactly that . please see the other answer that was posted in how to get-around the limitations and work-arounds .
if you are sure you can remove the apps , you need to be rooted ( see how do i root my phone ? ) to do so . i recommend using titanium backup to uninstall them , you just load titanium and then click on the app name to bring up a menu where you can uninstall it .
the term " bluetooth headset " is very broad . different headsets support different bluetooth profiles . the most common profile is hsp ( used mainly for phone calls ) , which seems to be independent of the headphones jack you are referring to . so pairing your android device with a cheap headset that supports hsp only ( e . g . plantronics 242 ) will not affect audio routing to the headphones jack at all . your bluetooth headset and your android device will continue to operate in parallel , but each handling a different audio stream ( channel ) . if you are looking to disable the microphone only in your android phone , it seems that only a headset with an a2dp profile could be a possible solution . you may want to read at the following thread : sending bluetooth audio from the stereo ( a2dp ) to headset ( hsp ) profile
a boot animation is a series of images ( frames ) in a folders ( parts ) . there is a text file ( desc . txt ) that defines the parts , the frame rate , and how many times it loops . a desc . txt looks like this : 480 427 30 p 1 0 part0 p 0 10 part1  the first like is the height and width , then the number of frames per second the next 2 lines define the parts that will " play " . the " p " indicates the line is a " part " the next digit is the number of times to repeat , 0 = infinite next is the pause , this is the delay before it starts the next " part " ( or frame if looping ) after the last frame in the part completes . finally , is the name of the part ( the folder name where the frames are ) inside each part your png images will " play " in order , so what ever you name them , just make sure they are ordered how you want them to " play " . for example , frame001 . png , frame002 . png . i added the extra 0 's because if i have more then 10 frames , the order may be mixed up . the boot animation is then put in a zip archive with " store " compression , with desc . txt at the root of the archive . the file is named bootanimation . zip , and placed in /system/media/ ( you need to remount as rw ) or you can place it in /data/local on some devices ( should work on cm7 ) . when the boot animation is in /data/local , it will take precedence over /system/media , this way the " default " can stay on the device unharmed .
you need your tablet it be rooted for this . after rooting use scr screen recorder ( preferably the pro version ) to record your screen . there are many apps available but i found this the best
you can always use an app such as no root screen recorder to video record your screen . but the problem with this option is that you have to connect your device to a windows computer in order to capture . if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
your nexus 10 should be able to upgrade to the newest android 4.4 kitkat any day now . it has a new option to record the screen , but you need to be/know someone who has basic knowledge about the android sdk : http://developer.android.com/about/versions/kitkat.html#44-screen-recording since you did not accept an answer yet , hope this info still helps and i am not necromancing your thread . ; )
from wikipedia : 720p is the shorthand name for a category of hdtv video modes having a resolution of 1280×720 ( for a total of 0.92 megapixels or 921,600 pixels ) and a progressive scan . the number 720 stands for the 720 horizontal scan lines of display resolution ( also known as 720 pixels of vertical resolution ) , while the letter p stands for progressive scan or non-interlaced . when broadcast at 60 frames per second , 720p features the highest temporal ( motion ) resolution possible under the atsc and dvb standards . the samsung galaxy s is capable of recording 720p video from it is rear-facing camera . the nexus s is not ( max resolution of 720x480 ) .
its referring to the resolution that the video camera can record video in . 720p ( 1280×720 ) is a high definition resolution . apparently the maximum video resolution of the nexus s is only 720x480 which is standard definition . many new android handsets have the ability to record hd video which is why it would be something to complain about with the nexus s .
i had to rename the file first ( added . mp4 to the end ) . worked perfectly in mxplayer
go to the cache , and find the file that you want to play . there will be 2 files with the same name , one will be only a few kb , the other will be the video ( should be a few mb ) . long press on the file until you get the menu . then select " open as " , then " video " , then select a video player . i used the stock one that comes with the phone even though i have several others i thought i would try that first , and it worked first time ( this was on a galaxy s3 ) . if they play then copy them where you want , pc etc . you might need to rename the video files ( adding the .mp4 file extension ) .
might be a small bug because it is specific to only one contact . hoping you have saved all the stuff you want from that thread , delete the thread/whole conversation . if you do not mind delete the contact also by writing his number somewhere . now start fresh again by creating the contact again and see what happens . comment .
you can not use google maps in offline mode according to its description . there are some tutorials in the internet like these google maps offline but are not recommended as it lasts only for 30 days in your device according to the tutorial . so looking at alternatives we have this app called maps . me which is totally as good as google maps . i have this app for myself . try it .
espier launcher is very much like ios . it has similar icon types , and it does not separate the home screen from the app drawer . it is also discussed here ( and is , in fact , how i heard about it ) .
since you have already rooted and flashed your rom , you can give the miui rom a go , see http://en.miui.com/ i feel that is sort of the iphone feel rom for android . . . no app drawer , newly installed apps get put onto the next available space on your screens . folders to organise etc . even the settings look iphone-ish .
try this forum titled " iphone launcher and apps " . credit to amitmiz ( : warning : it is slightly laggy but its as close to imitating the iphone launcher as i have seen .
for contacts , the best way is to sync them to your gmail account . settings-> accounts and sync then when you add the same account on the new phone , it will sync them automatically . for settings without root , i am not sure . if you are willing to root , titanium backup is very good . it will save the settings onto the sd card . then with the new phone , install the application and you should be able to restore the settings off the same sd card .
if you go in " menu " -> " settings " -> " privacy " there is an option " back up my data " that is provided by google . i cannot say what data is backed up with this option but i guess email settings and device settings will be . and as mentioned in another reply if you sync your phone with a google account your contacts will be moved to the new device as soon as you log in . also if you have some applications that do not save to the cloud but you want to keep the data , there is usually an export functionality ( check in the options menu of the applications ) to keep the data into a file that you can import on the new device . after doing all of this , last time i moved my content to a new phone , the only thing that i lost was the sms history but i did not really want to keep it anyway . i know there are some backup applications that support sms history and do not need root access .
can not find an app so far . smart app protector seems best we can do
encryption of saved data ( the data on flash storage ) is a feature of android 4.0 and higher . the only non-4.0-device i am aware of that allows full flash storage encryption is the lenovo thinkpad tablet . encryption of connection data ( data that goes over the wire ) was a big security concern in some android versions . google has released some updated versions of the affected apps , but it is unkown if they where dispatched on every device . iirc most fixes got into 2.3.5 , but i can not find the source atm - googles disclosure policy is not so good . here are some good resources about this topic : the insecurity of google 's clientlogin protocol what android sync'd data is encrypted ? ungesicherte einsichten ( german ) ( "unsecure insights" )
if you lock a message , when you delete a conversation with a locked message , every message other than the locked message will be erased from that conversation .
that means ( normally on every phone ) that it cannot be deleted , just like a locked picture on a camera . so , if you would like to keep a message safe , i suggest locking it so no accidents happen . although , when the time comes that it wants to be deleted , it can be unlocked and then deleted
on most android smartphones there is a feature that makes the phone run faster . this feature is after a certain amount of messages ( on mine it is 210 ) it begins to delete them , locking the message also prevents it from being deleted .
i can think of two relevant facts . apps that were pre-installed as part of the system ( i.e. . came with the phone ) are not deleted by a factory reset : they just go back to the original version , and will probably be updated by google play later . if you had back up my data turned on in the device settings ( on the backup and reset page ) , then as soon as you signed into your google account , the phone will have started to reinstall all the apps you had installed previously , and the data of all the apps that support google backup .
if it is a wall charger with plugs that match your outlets , the input range should be covered . normal usb chargers are 5 v at up to 1.8 ma . the voltage is the main concern -- standard usb ports for pcs only go up to 900 ma , which is why they charge slower . you can see the usb power specs on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usb#power ( in sum , any usb charger that you can trust to do what it says on its specs should work fine . a crappy no-name charger might lie , but two samsung chargers should be 100% interchangeable . )
noveau is a driver for the x . org graphics system so it definitely could not be used verbatim . the one part that i would expect to possibly be useful would be the code that actually talks to the hardware . the same is true for any other x . org driver . but in noveau 's case , most of the work is in reverse-engineering the hardware interface as nvidia refuses to release the documentation . this work could definitely be reused in a hypothetical android nvidia driver .
almost none of the regular linux graphics architecture is used on android ( that is , mesa , xwindows , etc ) . driver developers can choose to reuse major portions of their drivers , but there is a lot of plumbing involved to get drivers to work with surfaceflinger ( and gralloc , and the hardware composer ) , including 3d rendering as well as display output ( hdmi support , etc . ) .
nope , at least not as of now . you can factory reset your device to remove the first account you set up ( on some devices , you can just remove all the accounts without the reset ) and then add the other one first , if you would like to use it instead . but if you actively want to use both , you are stuck .
first of all , since you have modified the system , the ota update could very well fail partway through -- most of those are distributed as patches against the existing binaries . the easy way to update is to find a pre-rooted stock rom , like this one . you may need to update your radio first though , information and download links are available here . i think the one you have was the official froyo radio -- you will need the gingerbread radio for newer roms to work properly . 2.15.10.07.07 is the official gingerbread radio . however , if you want to go the hard way , keeping root ( or at least the ability to re-root easily ) is easy provided your incredible is nand unlocked ( aka s-off ) . recent versions of unrevoked do this automatically , but depending on where you downloaded from and when could affect that . to check if you are s-off , reboot into the bootloader ( aka hboot ) . to do that , power off the phone , then hold down the volume down button and power it up . keep the vol dn button held until you get a screen like the following : you can also see the notification that it has s-off at the top of the screen . that is what you want to see . if that is missing ( or says s-on ) , then you do not have s-off . if you are not , get the latest unrevoked forever . once that is done , you can flash whatever you want and still be able to reroot easily by simply flashing your recovery of choice ( often clockworkmod ) from hboot and then reflashing a root/superuser package from recovery .
you can find a detailed guide with screenshots and all here . it is done with odin . step 1: install odin v1.85 on your computer then download and unrar the lite'ning rom rar file . step 2: make sure that your phone is in usb debugging mode : settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging . step 3: reboot your phone into download mode . to do so : turn the device off , then power it on again by pressing and holding the volume down + home + power on simultaneously . step 4: start odin . step 5: connect the phone to your computer using the usb cable . step 6: wait a few seconds , the odin screen will show that a device is now connected . . . added ! ! make sure that in odin nothing is checked , except the " auto reboot " and " f . reset time " checkboxes . press the " pda " button , and select the md5 file . press " start " . odin will now flash the lite'ning rom , after flashing your phone should reboot . step 7: done ! now you have a fully rooted sgs ii with the lite'ning rom installed !
appereantly , you have to define an " access point name " in order for your mobile data to work . in settings => wireless and networks => mobile networks => access point names => menu => new apn the settings vary by operator , you can find the israeli ones here .
the stock android brower uses webkit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/webkit as rendering engine . the solution adopted by opera assumes that network speed is there , whilst processing power is not . these days this is not a given , the new dual core phones have power to spare ( sgsii has a hardware accelerated browser ! ) whilst the 3g network is often congested in main urban spots . it might improve things on lower end android devices .
in opera mobile , you can enable opera turbo to use the same proxying technology as used by opera mini . android stock browser does not use compressing proxy at all and i believe neither does firefox mobile ( though given that firefox mobile has plugins system there might be a plugin for that ) . several lesser known browsers in the market does use similar proxying technique , but i can not recall off the top of my head which ones though .
1 ) no there is currently no way to sort them . as you have noticed you can hide them and give them different names but not remove them . from my experience they disappear after 9 months without checking in to the play store , so simply hide any that you do not want to see . 2 ) again i do not think this is possible at the moment via the play store .
i had to use fastboot oem lock on my galaxy nexus . at my unlocked device i could not see the filesystem in explorer ( mtp ) .
from this xda thread by albundy2010 i have seen quite of few people screw up their devices by not knowing what they are doing . so i am making this thread to simply tell people not familiar with fastboot what they should and should not do . fastboot oem unlock will unlock your bootloader and do a complete wipe of your device . as far as i know the only way for something to go wrong here is if you are device is low on battery and shuts off during the process . either plug it in or have a " good " amount of juice left in your battery . to be 100 percent sure plug it in . before i get into oem lock imho you should only use this command for one thing only . getting the device ready to send into motorola for the lgt upgrade or a another warranty repair or some sort . when done properly it is completely safe but there is no reason to do to go back to " stock " . fastboot oem lock . do not issue this command unless you are absolutely sure you have the correct software on your device . the correct software is what you get from the motodev site for your device . you need the official sofware images for your specific device and region . if it is not released then do not re-lock the device . if you have a ota installed you will need to flash back to the motodev images first .
simply put , fastboot oem lock puts your bootloader into a mode that prevents you from overwriting your recovery image , without a subsequent fastboot oem unlock . this serves as a security precaution , primarily where the default recovery and firmware is installed . because : the default recovery will only allow manufacturer/google signed firmware to be installed and does not allow you to do much of anything else . unlocking the bootloader will erase all data . . . . . you can rest assured that , under this configuration , no one can take your phone and , say , bypass a screen lock by installing a custom firmware where the security considerations are different . note that as this merely locks in your recovery , and then again only from bootloader-overwrites , this is most useful where the recovery is stock , and the installed rom is an official one that has no security vulnerabilities . this is important because in most recoveries , and in some roms , there are ways to clandestinely access data via usb , bypass security settings with fixed button presses or unpatched backdoors , or install custom recoveries .
problem solved , and i think i am finally getting a handle on all of this after several hours of some serious digging through the interwebz , and a bit of trial and error . so here is what i ended up doing , step by step : locate a stock rom as suggested by matthew read and user12295 . this was possibly the hardest part as there were so many dead links out there , and i ended up using a link i found to the shipped roms website . i elected to download the file labelled RUU_Ace_Gingerbread_S_HTC_WWE_2.50.405.2_Radio_12.54.60.25_26.09.04.11_M2_release_199042_signed.exe . fully charged the battery on the phone . located the original htc cable in a fit of paranoia and connect my phone to my laptop using a usb2.0 port . for some weird reason the usb3.0 on my particular laptop would not let me connect the phone during the flashing process the first time i tried to do this . ran the ruu utility that i had downloaded , crossed my fingers , and waited for the phone to be wiped and flashed after navigating the various screens of the ruu . saw my phone go through a reboot at the end of the process . . . and all connectivity was working with full networking/identity data restored . so it turns out that the imei number is flashed to a different bit of the phone 's internal memory , and the stock flash somehow picks this up . so all systems go , but i miss many of the features of the phone , including the better battery life that i had under a better rom and because a couple of my own experimental apps will no longer work . all of a sudden i wish i would downloaded the 1.72 version of the ruu as it seems i need to go through a downgrade process in order to root the phone and get a custom rom reinstalled . after a bit more interwebz digging , i came across an application called ultimate multi tool , and i worked through the following procedure : connected phone to laptop ( as per earlier process ) set phone to charge only on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> unknown sources on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging ran the ultimate multi tool operations -> temproot operations -> gold card . clicked on the cid button to get the id for my sd-card . clicked on the " free htc goldcard generator " link and filled out the form on the screen to generate a goldcard image . clicked on the load goldcard . img button and located the goldcard . img file clicked on the create goldcard button . operations -> downgrade . i needed to locate a file called pd98img . zip before i could begin the downgrade process . the downgrade process was very slow . took about 30 minutes for me , but your time may vary . as an afterthought , simply applying an earlier ruu may have been a better approach , but i thought i should document exactly what i did . phone rebooted into hboot menu , and i simply followed instructions on pc and phone screens . waited for downgrade to complete and rebooted phone . repeat steps 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 used on screen buttons to push visionary+ and superuser to the phone . on the phone , ran visionary+ checked the set system r/w after root checkbox selected temproot now after process finished , selected permroot now superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button phone reboots set phone to charge only once it had finished rebooting completely back to ultimate multi tool , and selected file -> check s-off/cid/sim superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button tool now reports back that the cid is a whole bunch of 1 's , phone is s-off , and sim unlocked . :- )
since this is of the samsung galaxy family , the following may help you : on my galaxy s3 , the setting is controlled as ' alerts on call ' . see : dialer\call settings\call alert\alerts on call - uncheck this and calls will not be interrupted with notifications .
depending on your phone / software , there should be an option somehwere in the camera app , something about geotagging or storing location data ( being the same thing ) . ( just open the camera app , click menu and scroll through the settings ) as far as app permissions are concerned : does your app really need your location ? most likely not . maps , navigation , gps tools , geocaching tools , foursquare and pretty much any app that is designed to and downloaded because of their handling of location data all need the fine location ( well , to be fair , foursquare does not as long as you do not use it as a substitute for google places ) . just ask yourself : does the new version of angry birds really need to know where i am ? nah . from then on it is just one of two things : either you ignore the permissions since your really like that app , or you stick by your principles and do not download the app . however , to be safe , simply disable gps when you are not really using it anyway ( for navigation or something ) , once gps is disabled , apps will not get your fine location , only your estimated location based on last know location or wifi triangulation or whatever is used to get your estimated location via wifi .
is it safe to allow any application to access these things ? no . there are malicious apps . are there any clues as to which apps are safe and which are not ? not really , unless you look at the source code . generally , you can trust popular , well-rated apps to not be malicious . they might be collecting your info for use in ads , though , and so on . if any info is ever sent from an app to a company 's servers , they can use and abuse that data . if you do not trust a company ( including trusting their internal security protocols and ability to maintain security , etc . ) then do not trust their app . you can use an app like droidwall to ensure that apps that do not need it cannot access the network ; that does not guarantee that they will not delete data on your phone and that sort of thing , but it will guarantee that your data stays private ( unless droidwall is malicious or defective , which i do not think it is , or can be worked around ) .
there is a setting in the camera for geo location . go into the camera settings and there should be an option in there . as for apps that use fine location and whether it is safe , its not always safe . it depends on the developer . some developers choose to enable the fine location for location based advertising even if the actual app does not require it . you can not really tell if it is safe or not or whether it is necessary it mainly comes down to common sense and whether or not you trust the developer . a way to stop the app using location is to disable the phones gps which an be found in the settings . hope this helps
no , the droid is a cdma phone . in general you can assume that phones on verizon and sprint will not work on at and t or t-mobile , and vice-versa .
make sure that your application manifest is not making any requirements for hardware capabilities that the device does not actually have . it is possible that some capability that you were requesting was taken away in the device 's firmware update ; if you are requesting any capabilities in androidmanifest . xml via uses-feature , make sure that you set required="false" for anything that you can use but do not actually require for operation . common culprits are trackball and certain classes of multitouch support .
have the user check their content rating filtering options . in the market app they should tap the menu button , then go to Settings -&gt; Set Level , check the " show all apps " option and tap OK .
the first android version of the moto x was android 4.2.2 jelly bean . as a consequence you can downgrade your moto x until android 4.2.2 only , not ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 . x ) .
the full guide can be found here but i have included the steps below in case that page is not available . note : all of your personal information , data , accounts and so on will be deleted so make sure you have a backup on your computer android sdk must be installed : learn how to install android sdk on windows , or learn how to set up adb on mac os x / linux . also , on the same computer the moto x drivers must be installed . download the rsdlite app from here . save the file on your computer . also , install the program . get the moto x stock android os from this page . on your computer , unzip the downloaded update file . then , from the folder that will be created right click on the file with . xml extension . select “open with” followed by “notepad” or any other xml editor from your computer . find the following string and delete it : “step operation=”getvar” var=”max-download-size” . save and close the notepad window . open the rsdlite program on your computer . take your moto x and connect your phone with the pc via usb cord . on your pc now open a command prompt window ( start -> run -> cmd ) . on the cmd window type : adb reboot bootloader . your phone will be rebooted in fastboot mode . from rdslite , click on the three-dot browse file button and select the . xml file . up next , click on “start” . wait while the process is running on don’t press anything else . when the firmware is successfully installed you will be able to unplug the usb cord . good ; now reboot your smartphone .
seems like your office network team had block your mobile from accessing internet . there is nothing to do with your device issue . if your device connects to wifi excepts your office wifi then this is not your device issue . if you want to start it again contact your network team .
cyanogenmod does not use the &lt;HTCData&gt;&lt;Facebook&gt;id:xxxxxxx/friendof:xxxxxxx&lt;/Facebook&gt;&lt;/HTCData&gt; tag as htc sense does , so this can just be deleted . the facebook contact sync is setup inside the facebook for android app ( settings -> sync friends with contacts ) . this should automatically add facebook pictures and contact info to contacts . however , i have experienced that the contact pictures do not always sync after a reboot , until i have opened the facebook app and scrolled through my friend list ( then the images are loaded ) . therefore , i installed another app called syncmypix for the picture synchronization .
after rooting you will still be left with stock android just with elevated privileges as you have said . remember , your data will be wiped , so i would recommend doing a backup first ! if a new os update comes along you will not be able to install via the normal over the air method , but you can still download the update manually and flash it via twrp . if you take a look here you can see all the other things you gain by rooting .
most rooting method will also install recovery rom . having a custom recovery is important in rooted phones because rooting enabled ways to potentially destroy your phone in a way totally unrecoverable by root privilege alone . recovery allows you to bail out if anything goes wrong .
the most comprehensive list i have seen its available on the rootcloak website , towards the bottom . . . http://repo.xposed.info/module/com.devadvance.rootcloak
at least in this device , the network configuration dialog is plagued with bugs . what i did is to create the network , save it , then long click to modify it and the options appear . i have also used wifi manager to configure the network . good to know someone developed an app to do what google could not get right . and i have seen some other bugs in this dialog too . for instance , when you type the ca certificate name , then you save the network , and then you open it again to modify , the cert name is no longer there ( this field used to be a spinner in previous versions , but now it is a regular text field ) . a similar problem happens with the password . after typing it and saving the network , then opening the network again to modify it , the password field only contains a single character . and it somehow seems to save the configuration mostly ok , it is just the dialog is not initialized correctly with the previously saved fields .
ok buddy , this method works for me : *i have found a way to make it connect - at least it worked for me ! you have to select the network from the list but while it is trying to connect , you have to long press on the network and select modify to bring up the settings window . then just enter your settings as normal . i only had to do this once to set up the network and now it connects automatically . * the autor is flarge in xda forums , i don´t linked , i don´t know if here i can do it . cya !
check the access points ( settings> more> mobile network> access points ) that you have set . in most cases , people have trouble because of the aps they have chosen . also , try using another sim card of a different carrier in 3g mode . if all goes well we will know your own phone is not at fault .
the only right advise here is to download an app with the same functionality but that does not grants itself this permission . developers sometimes grant their apps permission their app in fact does not need . if you are aware and you do not agree with this trend , the only thing you can do is not download such apps . or even better , you can consider contacting the developer of the application and ask him why this permission is required . maybe they are not aware of the fact and are very willing to remove the permission if they can please their users with it . a to-do list should not have the permission to send sms messages , if i see a to-do app that requires this permission myself , i would just look for another app to use .
just about every samsung device can be flashed with odin , regardless of what firmware is installed on it at the time . for specific instructions you can refer to this xda thread , which explains how to flash a rooted fc09 image : put your device into download mode connect to your computer and make sure odin recognizes your device flash the clockworkmod . tar . md5 . make sure everything is unchecked including autoreboot ! ! ! ! once odin does its thang , unplug your phone and pull the battery now reboot into cwm recovery by pressing and holding the power button , camera , and volume down button until the capacitive buttons at the bottom show now locate the rom . zip . it should be called deodexedfc09 . zip wipe data/factory reset , wipe cache partition , wipe dalvik cache , and if you want wipe batt stats now reboot , and you should be running stock rooted fc09 ! odin : http://www.mediafire.com/?66csfeo1ce95ysw cwm tar : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1357655 stock fc09: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1580931 you should be able to get the epic into download mode by doing the following : you enter download mode by shutting device completely off . then open the physical keyboard press and hold the 1 key and then press power for a few seconds . downgrading , rooting , and then updating seems unnecessarily complicated . the updates probably would not apply on their own once the device was rooted , so you had need to install them manually anyway . you might as well just install the image you want straight away instead , whether that is a stock one like the above linked image or cyanogenmod .
the clue is in the error message , which says it can not connect to the proxy server . if your device is configured to use a web proxy , then it'll never connect directly to localhost : it connects to the web proxy and asks that for the web page you really want . this will not work with a local web server . to use a local web server , turn off your web proxy settings . see this related question for more info about that .
firefox supports kerberos authentication i believe . you need to change the settings in About -&gt; config
no , it does not . unfortunately all the major android browsers that i know of -- firefox , opera , dolphin , skyfire -- do not appear to support it either . firefox does support ntlm , and i would expect it to support kerberos sooner or later .
i found this 3.5mm jack noise-reducing microphone on youtube : galaxy samsung s4 external mic for mobile phone and here is the mic quoted on ebay . i plan to test it and return some feedback here . i hope it will serve me well enough for the footage i need to create - some homemade lectures .
you can do that , but you will need an adapter : the 3.5 mm jack on the phone is for a headset ( with earphones and a mic ) , so it is not made to take a standard mic input . you need to find an adapter that is for plugging a microphone into samsung phones . it might be tricky to find , but they are inexpensive . once you have the adapter , any microphone with a 3.5 mm connector will do . stage mics requiring xlr and 12 v " phantom power " will not work : you had need an extra device to supply power to the mic , such as a mixing desk with a 3.5 mm output .
android currently does not support usb audio paths . you can use usb audio if you have a nexus 5 with android l preview . otherwise you are out of luck .
if you need an external microphone , and your device does not support usb audio ( as hiemanshu 's answer suggests ) : a work-around would be using a microphone with the 3.5" audio jack . as headsets use that successfully , it should work . i have never tried , so theoretically a side-effect could be sound output gets blocked whith the device assuming you have got a headset plugged in . if that is the case , there are apps available to control where which audio is routed to . you can find some in this list .
kies allows backups , but not the application settings , only limited content such as contacts , bookmarks , music , photo and videos . you can see the kies tutorial on backup : open kies v2.0 , " help menu-> kies tutorial-> backup and restore mobile phone data " section for details and a movie . you can also try mybackup free from market , which does not require root . wish you luck !
the cpu usually cant support it . . there isnt a hack around it except that if you really want to view flash , you can download rockplayer for your cpu type , and play the downloaded flv files . . ( flv files work in software decoding mode ) .
you do not say what model your phone is ? is it on the adobe 's list of supported devices at : http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/ ? if you look at the adobe 's published minimum requirements for mobile flash , they list android 2.2 , a cortex a8 ( armv7 ) processor , and a hardware vector fpu ( floating point maths processor ) . i would have thought the two processor requirements are probably going to be more of a problem than the processor speed requirement , as they mean that flash is going to be trying to use hardware instructions in the cpu that will not be available in older/lesser specced cpus , this would definitely stop flash working . do you know what processor your phone has ? edit : according to this wikipedia cpu page the galaxy 551 has a qualcomm msm7227 chip which is armv6 compatible . as adobe state you need an armv7 compatible processor , it looks like you will not be able to run flash on your phone .
note that in some older phone which are not supported by adobe flash , it may be possible to install flash lite . it is not close to full flash , but can only play simple movie .
you do not need to use 3rd party things like a swap partition or zramswap . 512mb ram was/is still standard and will be sufficent for almost all scenarios most probably for some time ( at least for android 4.0 and 4.1 , see this cyanogenmod forum post ) . ( you stated in the comments that your xperia active has 512mb ram ) longer version : to begin with , " rom " is basically a false name for the system partition and means read-only-memory ( it is most of the time mounted read-only , hence " rom" ) , this sits most probably on some kind of nand flash . ram ( random-access-memory ) is ' working ' memory that is really fast but volatile in comparison to nand flash . both types are needed ( fast vs . persistent ) and cannot be interchanged . at least not completely ( you could add a swap partition on custom roms . ) at first : do not use the internal memory as swap ! flash storage ( nand ) has only about 10.000 write cycles . better use your sdcard for it . see this guide on xda for the pro 's and con 's and howto do it . if you just want to play around and wonder if you could do something useful with the free space on your /data partition : do not do it . leave it the way it is . here 's a basic picture illustrating a regular architecture .
go to this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1659231 and follow instructions carefully . if you don´t know what you´re doing , don´t do it ! you´re welcome :- ) )
i also had this problem with lux , always light reported -1 , which i do not know it is a problem either from phone , sensor , android , or lux itself ! btw , i solved it by using front camera instead of light sensor . here is how : go to lux settings click on sample collection click on light reading modes select camera instead of light sensor select front camera ( it is obvious that its better than rear camera for this purpose ) now , from main screen of settings , click on modify linked samples from top , click on luma ( this app uses lux for sensor readings and luma for camera readings ) then you can see app reads ambient light value from camera and displays at top . now the app should do its job , but you may want to check other settings to match your preferences . good luck
you can hack the screenlock password by typing this from terminal : $ adb shell $ rm /data/system/gesture.key 
use android device manager to get past your password , then you will be able to access menus and change the language .
are you actually in the music app when it happens or is it when it is running in the background and you are doing something else ? if it is the latter , it is most likely because your phone is running out of memory and is killing the music player 's service . go to settings --> applications --> running services and see if there are any running services that you can remove that would free up some memory . to confirm if it is a memory problem , run a logger app right after the app gets killed and see if there are out of memory messages being logged or garbage collection going on .
it could be a bad music file . one that has errors in it . does it happen to specific files ? otherwise it can be that android is running out of memory . this is evident when the play arrow icon at the top left corner disappears when the music stops .
i believe i have resolved the issue by resetting my phone to factory defaults . after resetting to factory default , i am no longer experiencing the mysterious pauses when playing music . my rev . 1 moto droid came loaded with android 2.1 . i ran the ota update to 2.2 , and then the ota update to 2.2.1 . in addition to the music playback issue , i was also experiencing extreme delays when displaying the launcher after the phone had been in a dock . i had not performed a factory reset since loading the two ota updates , so i went through the factory reset process . the home screen now displays much , much more quickly when removing the phone from a dock , and i have not experienced the music pause issue .
have you tried different headsets , if that is what your using ? it sounds like your headset is signalling pause/resume , you mention it happens on bt as well so i am wondering if its something to do with the headphone jack socket , either dirt in the socket or a wiring fail inside . . .
i could see an app named cardio grapher in google play store , which claims features like " user specific heart rate training zones " and " audio alerts when entering and exiting training zones " , which indeed fits your need . screenshots : features : live graphs of your heart rate over the last 1 , 10 and 120 minutes . user specific heart rate training zones , helping you get the most you can from your training . estimates calories burnt using heart rate , age , body mass and sex . audio alerts when entering and exiting training zones . can be set to keep the phone 's screen on when in use . overridable screen orientation : i.e. you can make cardio grapher ignore android 's orientation sensors and stay in portrait or landscape mode - handy if you were to mount it on bike handlebars and find it flips when cornering .
apparently this post suggests that the proximity sensor and touchpads currently do not work with cm9 . this may be fixed in a later release , but i would hold off for the moment .
mtd ( memory technology device ) is a type of partition map ( configuration of partitions of nand ) . partition map allows those who are using it control over how their partitions are sized and how much space is allocated here and how much space is taken away from there . a file system resides on the partition map and governs the data being read , wrote , moved etc by the os ( android ) . changing a file system of a partition is very easy , but changing overall partition mapping is not . plus , partition mapping decides which file system to support . so , its choice is very important . mtd is open source . mtd supports yaffs2 as a file system residing on it governing how data is transferred and the speed of which it is done . ext2 through 4 are not possible with mtd . due to open source nature , it gives you full control over partitions . choose mtd if you use cyanogenmod or miui type custom roms . a bit of knowledge : samsung 's stock rom uses bml partition map . bml is proprietary in nature . it is close source .
you can open up a command prompt and C:\ ping homecall.co.uk ( please correct me if that is not the correct windows command ) to ensure that it is not a server-fault , and if it is not , then you will need to poke around after logging into your account to make sure you have the right protocol ( i.e. . pop , imap , etc ) as well as the correct server address , the correct ports , and the correct security settings . typically , it would be something like incoming : mail . homecall . co . uk ; port:143 outgoing : mail . homecall . co . uk ; port:587 but those settings are 99% unlikely to work for you . you simply have to find the settings in your email account . typically , you will find them in your account settings .
gps works fine in a case or pocket . you do need a generally unobstructed view ( from a radio perspective , not necessarily a visible perspective ) of the sky ( no trees/buildings/etc . in the way , but thin barriers , like say a tent , will not present a problem . ) in order to pick up the gps signals from the satellites . ideally , you should have as clear and as wide a view of the sky as possible . ideal conditions would be standing in a flat empty field with visibility to the horizon in all directions . narrow that view of the sky by adding buildings and trees and your ability to obtain an accurate lock starts to degrade and you get more and more error in your position , until such point where you can not get an accurate lock ( or in extreme cases , like being in a deep basement or similar , any lock at all ) at all .
i could never get heimdall to work properly . i wound up flashing my rom directly from adb instead : adb shell /sbin/recovery --wipe_data /sbin/recovery --update_package=SDCARD:romname.zip  ( romname being whatever your zip file 's name is , and at the root of the sd card )
many people at xda make tar 's from update . zip files . maybe there is a way to make update . zip cwm flashable files from odin flashable tar files .
you can use mobile odin to flash roms directly from your device . galaxy 5 ( i5500 ) is supported . see the thread at xda developers : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1347899
yes , it is using a push notification via google cloud messaging ( gcm ) , the same as google+ hangouts , google+ , gmail , and some third-party apps .
google play uses c2dm ( cloud to device messaging ) to inform your device about the download . on your device , the google play store app has registered a corresponding " receiver " , so it knows this message was meant for it , and downloads the .apk – which then gets installed to your device . and yes , your guess was right : c2dm is also often referred to with the term " push notification " .
i have done some research and it seems to be an oddity of the tablet . when you do ' move to sd ' whats happening is its moving data to another part of the -internal- sdcard . you can not move apps to the external one e.g. http://yatse.leetzone.org/redmine/boards/2/topics/259#.utfgxxyen8e thanks anyway
it will only show up if you open up an application that will use the gps for something . for example just open up google maps . if you want to know if you left the gps activated , just slide the notification panel and at the top you will have the toggle buttons , one of them is the gps .
most likely they gather rooting software or rooted kernels from xda-developers and sell them along with a guide also copied from there . there is not any fast way other than those you can find through a google search . while i can not say it is a scam , i do not recommend you paying $30 for that . better search google for how to root your device and also add your android version , because most of the time that matters .
according to this scamwarners post , it may be a scam . the site root android . org supposedly carries out the service of rooting and unrooting mobile phones with a " special " program . like all scam sites "100% money back guarantee if not satisfied " is a in your face feature , alas nothing is further from the truth . after initial email contact regarding technical issues with the downloaded program , there is nothing and certainly no contact when exercising the refund option . i have since searched and found that the program root android . org uses is a free download from a few specific sites that deal openly with the global community . the old warning of buyer be ware rings true , i sincerely would not use this site again and warn anybody who is contemplating mobile phone rooting to steer clear of root android . org .
they are absolutely scammers . their software , whatever it is , did not work for me . support " helped " by telling me to install a number of free software apps from the web and then never responded to further emails . safecart did not respond to email requests for a refund . after a week of trying to get someone to answer an email i finally called safecart and they issued a refund no questions asked .
they list testimonials , which are from anonymous people who may not exist , so like most testimonials those are worthless . they do not list any reviews from any publications or other sources you might trust . they talk about being mentioned on google and other places , but those are just search engines that have found their site . so they have got no credentials . maybe it works , maybe it bricks your phone , you must be prepared for that because everyone who roots is screwing around with things that sometimes brick phones , sometimes work , and none of the free advice is written clearly or works for long , as files keep getting taken down or obsoleted . use a credit card , if it bricks the phone charge it back if you do not get a prompt refund . if it really worked so well , how come they can not get anyone to review it and post the review ? not even forum threads from " known " forum members ? " if it sounds too good to be true " it must be a rooting solution . the guys who say rooting is easy and reliable , somehow never are capable of writing really clear and complete instructions on how to do it . never .
credit to izzy for the solution . the problem with the factory reset was that google back up copy included some apps and they were reinstalled . so you have to untick the back up to google on the recovery menu and make sure to untick it when you are starting up your phone again . it is checked as default . it even solved the issue i had with the dictionary app , as i could re choose the dictionary i need .
if you want to make a full fresh reset of your device , you should do a research on forum . xda-developers . com on how to perform flashing a stock rom on your device .
the apps on the internal memory are system apps . they can be deleted only if you have root .
link2sd can not put the whole app to the ext partition . there is always a little part that takes the memory . use simple2ext . there you can select which folder to move to ext . after rebooting the whole dir will be placed at ext , and linked ( mounted ) to the internal memory . ( mount has a mode when you write into the shared folder it will be mergred into the mounted folder ) it seems like it is internal but not . : )
go to settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings press menu and choose advanced . click wi-fi sleep policy and make sure never is selected . this might help your wifi connection remain connected . these are available on my samsung spica running v2.1 ( eclair ) .
i would say your best bet is to set your phone so when wifi is turned on then 3g is disabled . i am running cyanogenmod and the built in power widget offers an option to turn off 3g automatically when the wifi is turned on . i do not remember if this was part of the stock android , but i will bet it is part of the custom rom . that being said there are a number of apps that will toggle off the 3g when the wifi is on ( like network switcher ) . the drawback to this is that you had have to toggle data manually when you have your wifi on but are not in range of any networks . if all the waps that you use are known to you , you can use y5 - battery saver to automatically turn wifi on and off when you are in and out of range to know networks . you can also do this with tasker .
here installer for easy installation or widget only for manual installation installation instruction prerequisites : you must be rooted you must be able to write to /system/app/ folder . usb debugging is a " secure " setting , so this widget must be installed as a system apps . it will not work if you install to the standard install location even in rooted device . easy instruction ( recommended ) nico have written an easy-to-use installer to automate installation to /system/app/ ; download it here and run the installer app . add the widget to your home screen like regular widget . manual installation if the easy instruction does not work , try the manual installation : download adbwidget . apk and save it to your computer copy adbwidget . apk to /system/app method 1 -- using android debug bridge ( adb ) remount /system/app to read-write ( see additional instructions section below ) adb push ADBWidget-x.x.apk /system/app/ADBWidget.apk ( replace x . x with the appropriate version number ) remount /system/app to read-only method 2 -- using recovery 's update . zip ( have not been tested yet ) method 3 -- using root explorer ( have not been tested yet ) add adbwidget to your home screen upgrade instruction if you are upgrading from a previous version , you do not need to do all of the above again . you can simply install an update on regular application directory by using regular installation methods ( e . g . opening the apk from a file explorer ) . as long as there is a previous version of the widget in the /system/app directory with the same signing key ( i.e. . my key , if you used the apk download above ) , android will give the updated version in /data/app the same permission . usage instruction click on the widget to toggle usb debugging . blue usb icon means that usb debugging is inactive , red usb icon means that usb debugging is enabled . uninstall instruction since the widget is installed to /system/app , you cannot remove it using standard application uninstaller . so , simply delete the . apk from /system/app . su remount /system as read write rm /system/app/ADBWidget.apk remount /system as read only  additional instruction remounting /system/ as read-write open " terminal emulator " or " adb shell " get root permission , type su get the device name , type mount | grep /system you should see something similar to : /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; on /system type rfs (ro,codepage=utf8,vfat,fcache(blks)=128,xattr,check=no) take note of the &lt;device-name&gt; , and type : mount -o remount,rw /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system remounting /system/ as read-only step 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 same as above type : mount -o remount,ro /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system troubleshooting sometimes the widget froze and do not responds to clicks . if this happens , removing and re-adding the widget usually will fix the problem . note do not complain about the ugly default icon and widget button , but if you can send me a better icon/widget image , i would be happy to add it . now we have an icon , thanks to @jay . do not trust strangers that asks you to install an application to /system/app tested on samsung spica i5700 spicagenmod froyo .
if you have 2.1 or above you can use the drop down notification area to quickly disable debug mode . sadly that is all i got , turning it on will have to be done manually . i searched and was unable to find a widget .
go to settings-> applications-> all , then long press menu button , type launcher , press on the result , then press ' force stop ' . it will automatically restart , and you will get your folder back
remove the google-account from your android system ( sync settings ) , than add it again . after that , go into your contacts and refresh / resync your contacts . now take a look at your calendar , it should be fixed now
" tomsawyer_2112 hey guys , i had to clear the calendar data for the bday to show on my calendar . this is what i did , go to settings-applications-manage applications , then select calendar storage then " delete data " . after doing this the screen ( htc evo ) will reboot ( white screen with the htc logo ) . after clearing the data , go to the calendar setting and add the bbay . hope this work for you . " source : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=58d284f1a1f36866hl=en
with ssl you are using the rsa public/private key pairs to securely exchange the encrypt/decrypt key for a much simpler encryption algorithm . the rsa keys are used so you can start with the bare minimum of knowledge of each other . the public key of the ssl cert of the server needs to be signed by someone you already trust . those are stored in the trusted root store . most browsers ship with all the well known ones . if they are not trusted , you will get asked to trust them , which is probably what you are getting asked , and then to store it , so it is now ' trusted ' and they do not have to ask again .
i went into settings -> location and security ( on droid , security on the evo ) -> use secure credentials , and entered the credential storage password . then i was no longer prompted for this password when selecting the wifi network .
the network info contained in wpa_supplicant . conf is not enough for associating ( connecting ) to a network . it only provides ssid and its crypto suite . in order to connecting to a network , the device needs more info to learn by scanning them . the scan is a must step for connecting .
i found a way : a simple html document using the html5 audio tag opened in the readily available android browser is sufficient for my modest needs .
i installed vlingo and i switched over to that as the input method and i no longer have the above issues .
note : as of june 1 , 2011 the current ubuntu one contacts sync for mobile will no longer be active . we’re stopping support for our current service so we can focus our energy on launching a much better service sooner than we could otherwise . https://wiki.ubuntu.com/ubuntuone/phonesync/ probably not the answer you were looking for . i am ubuntu ( 3 pc , only one dual-boot ) and android ( 2 android phones ) user myself . i will recommend migrating to google contacts . i suppose all of your contacts are stored in " phone " ( if you are not syncing them ) most phones can easily export your contacts to a sdcard and then re-import them . when asked , select your google account , not " phone " . you should select only google contacts to be visible , to avoid duplicates . if you want to sync your desktop mail app with online service , and you use thunderbird ( or you are ok with it ) , installing zindus will provide sync between thunderbird and gmail contacts . g contacts and android contacts are auto-sync with the correct options anyway . to sum it up : if you want a simple online solution , select google contacts ( gmail ) if you want an offline desktop app mail client , add thunderbird +zindus to the equation
my list of recent destinations is indeed what it says . you can " star " a location on the map , and then under navigation there is a panel for " starred " destinations .
use adb uninstall org.openintents.filemanager .
edit : when i saw the comment to commonsware answer i did not realize it was the same as the asker . . . anyways , a little explanation may be useful for somebody . as yourself commented , the easiest way to uninstall a system app is plainly to delete the .apk file . the adb install / adb uninstall commands are useful for regular apps , not system apps . since this apk is located in /system/app , adb uninstall will not remove it . you can use the command suggested ( rm /system/app/YourApp.apk ) , but before the /system folder need to have write access . you will need to see how to remount /system in your specific device , try searchig for " android remount +rw /system" and your device ) . alternatively , you may use any app that can do both deletion and remounting and has root access , such as root explorer and astro
when manually deleting application from /system remember to delete their corresponding data folder in /data/data/«identifier» there is also a track of the previous apk signature in /data/system/packages . xml that can prevent a reinstall of a rebuilt package with a different key .
the ' Failure' problem has more to do with the adb shell appending a dos line ending ^m ( on centos linux anyway ) . put the list of applications to uninstall in a file and copy to the android device directly .
what you want to achieve is working perfectly fine e.g. with locus maps , as i can say from my own experience . you can even use kmz files − and if they are self-contained ( i.e. . all pictures etc . are inside the file , no external resources linked ) , you can even create your own travel guides ( i did that , works like a charm ) . the offline maps can be selected and downloaded for free from inside the app as well .
possible options , though not ideal ones : flash a custom rom that uses the vanilla contacts app export your contacts from google and import them manually ( shut off sync )
one baseline for measuring phone performance is the quadrant score . here is the quadrant score for droid x with froyo and gingerbread . this site shows various quadrant scores for the droid x with cm7 , as well as unofficial versions of gingerbread and froyo . there are some debates about the usefulness of the quadrant score - hopefully since these are comparisons with the same model of phone , they would be useful .
honestly , i do not believe so . if you need to stop an app , you can always go to settings > applications > manage applications , click on the app and force stop . it does the same thing and the only time i find myself clicking on it , is when an app is acting up .
the rooting method for the t-mobile g2 / htc desire z unlocks the sim lock on the modem , but this is device specific .
orange san francisco aka zte blade , the popular handset among the rom modders , head over to modaco ' s thread to get the unlock code generator , it is free , simple to use .
to unlock you phone for free you can root it . but it is at your own risk . i found this guide but do not know if it works for you .
to clear ram memory you can use greenify . it also supports non rooted phone . few things from the app description : unlike the " freeze " feature in " titaniumbackup pro " that totally disable the app , you can still use your app as usual , share content with it . no need to freeze and defrozen it . unlike " autostarts " , you can benefit from almost all of its advantages , without needing to deal with the complexity and risk of obscure app components , and never lose functionality when app is actively running . unlike any " xxx task killer " , your device will never fall into the cat-mouse-game of stealthy-running and aggressive killing , which unnecessarily consumes more battery juice .
i use advanced task manager and auto-shortcut in tasker to kill apps . for your other question , you could create a variable "%chrome=1" the first time you launch it , and only pop up the menu if the variable is set . on exit , wait a couple minutes then clear %chrome again .
you might want to take a look at scriptmanager : manage and execute shell scripts and programs in file system . all executions run over vt100 terminal accepting user input and esc codes ( colors , bel , cursor movement . . ) run them at boot-up and/or on network status change possibility . schedule at selected time . ( cron jobs ) alternatively , tasker can be used as well to execute scripts ( and other tasks ) at certain events – as , e.g. , on boot .
no , you cannot set up an event to trigger when a llama profile has changed . changing a llama profile is only an action , and unfortunately is not available as a condition . there also is not a condition for Connected to Computer . but there is a Charging or Unplugged condition that you can use to trigger other events . if you are fine with the more broad event of activating a profile when the phone is plugged in ( to anything ) , that is doable .
please try to to make sure of the version of the messenger you have is ( version 2.11.169 ) , and then try to download the application manually from whatsapp website ( http://www.whatsapp.com/android/ ) and install it manually , while installing it it will ask for replacement , hit yes and continue installing , this will give you the previlage to avoid losing all previous data and to recover whatsapp 's data .
link2sd does not move data to your extra partition of sd card . so even when you have linked all apps your internal storage will get filled by app 's data . in lnik2sd click the sort icon and select sort by data size . from there you can see which app uses most data and maybe clear them .
click that applications button . then , long-press and drag whatever icons you want from the list of apps to the drawer . you could drag : people , phone , a browser , and something else .
in case you are still looking for a solution , there is an app called twitch ! contacts formatter in google play that you can try . it may fix your formatting issues with 8 and 9 numbers .
there is one app , rocketdial available at google play store , that provides phone number format using patterns : format phone numbers , support us/canada/uk/russia/ukraine/china/taiwan . customize phone number using patterns , example ( ###- ( ### ) -#### ) , fill on your needs . may fit your needs . trial version comes with all the features and gives you 10 days to play with it . the pro version costs 3,19€ .
what i will do with the same problem : export google gmail contacts as a csv file from https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?shva=1#contacts using sed to edit the file with some regex importing contacts again
i have found the solution for uninstalling the touchwiz from s4 . press and hold on the home button . ( the centre button on your samsung mobile ) you will see a screen with a bar below , on the bar . there is 3 icons . press on the pie icon . select clear default , and press the home button again . ( just press and release , do not hold ) once you see the touchwiz appear with 2 selections . touchwiz home easy and touchwiz home . select only touchwiz home and press always . the touchwiz will not bother you again .
i found the solution on another blog , seems to be working . http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/334381-touchwiz-wont-stay-default-launcher.html
you need not reboot or anything . the only thing you have to do is go to settings and select from default applications touch wiz home once and forever .
looks like a driver is definitely needed at least . take a look at this xda post and this acer tablet forum post .
the “micro-usb” headphone used by lg gs155 is not really an usb device — it just uses the usb connector for the same analog audio signals as in usual 3.5 or 2.5 mm round connectors . look at the microusb to 3.5 or 2.5 jack headset pinout . in order to work with such headsets , the phone needs to have the appropriate hardware to detect the type of connected device and switch functions of usb port pins from usb to analog audio . it is highly unlikely that the phone will have such hardware if it also has a standard 3.5 or 2.5 mm audio connector . even older htc phones using the proprietary “extusb” connector compatible with mini-usb did not switch pin functions when a headset is connected — they used separate pins for audio . the only way to connect this headphone to your new phone is to build an adapter with a 3.5 mm plug and a micro-usb type b receptacle connector , so that the headphone will be connected to the audio circuit through the 3.5 mm audio connector on the phone .
this is not hard . first , you need to disable phone by defaults . go to " manage app " , select phone . . . clear defaults . then go to the menu , remove the phone icon and replace with the exdialer . . . then i think it should be easy from there on . . . . any where you get a prompt select the exdialer
i have been interested in trying this for a little while , but for now i have just been using ssh . the guide i have been eyeing on the subject is here , which is using openvpn to dd-wrt on android . it seems pretty straightforward .
the google play and google play services , yes , they have increased in size , due to ever-evolving updates to android . the only way you can stop this from happening is to have no google related apps on the device . why do you not want to root it , in order to put apps on the sdcard ? rooting does not interfere with the mobile internet , and furthermore , play store and play services , cannot be moved to sdcard anyway , so if that is what you thought of there , it will not work . what device are you using in order to enable a better answer . . ? if you were rooted , then you could remount the /system as re-writeable , and remove the app called Vending.apk and reboot , which is responsible for pushing app updates via google play store . amendment : cheers @ izzy for pointing out about MarketUpdater.apk also , note from the comment below , izzy suggested " freezing " the apps , by freezing , it means to stop the service and effectively disable it , titanium backup can do this for you but does necessitate the need for root .
yes it is possible to install apps from pc for your mobile device , even if you do not have a net access . first open google play on your pc through your gmail account connected with your device . then open apk downloader and download the apk extension for your web browser . in the google play store click on the app you want to install in your mobile and then click on the green apk button which will automatically appear on the html bar . you r apk file will begin to download . connect your device to the pc through usb cable and copy the downloaded . apk file in your device . for more information on how to download apk extension please refer to this website . http://apps.evozi.com/apk-downloader/ hope it helps . i do not know how to update via pc . . . but installation can be done like this .
by time being from my knowledge it is not possible to install from play store to android through pc . since play store installs apk to android device only not to pc . you can mange it from pc by signing-in to play store from your pc . when your phone get connected to internet play store installs directly your app or update to phone from this guide you can install/uninstall app from pc to android using following link http://www.wondershare.com/mobile-phone/android-app-installer.html 
there is a java application to do this , which can be found here . it is called the real apk leecher . it works by pretending to be an android device ( you need to configure it with your playstore account data ) , so it connects to the corresponding google services like any other android device with the playstore app installed , let 's you browse the playstore , and download apks . i did not try it out myself , though ; but you might wish to give it a look .
www.mobogenie.com provides a windows based tool called mobogenie that uses your computer 's network traffic to install and update apps in your android phone . you need to connect your phone with the computer , and have a high speed internet connection
it may not work if you have not-always-compatibile busybox reboot symlink in a path that is more privileged than /system/bin ( or /system/bin toolbox symlink has been overwritten ) , it may lie in /sbin if using custom kernel with bb included for example . if so , try : " toolbox reboot recovery " ( jb ) "/system/bin/reboot recovery " ( kk - however which one will work my be also dependent from the manufacturer . . . )
try " reboot recovery " , though it does not work on all devices . you might also need root for this , so first try " su root " .
i believe this xda forum post will give you a good head start . note : this is written for the sapphire . compiling and flashing a kernel for the n1 . another guide from xda forums . compiling systems apps .
picking up my comment on the question : is it true that restoring a single package backup wipes all data on the phone ? no . as i suspected in my comment , the warning just relates to the settings of the app being restored , as they would be replaced by those from the backup . i used adb backup to backup a single app on one device , and restored it to multiple devices . i did not miss anything afterwards , all other apps ( and data ) remained untouched . it would not make any sense the other way , either . and carbon - app sync and backup could not offer to restore a single app , as it itself would be gone then as well : )
if you are rooted you can now use titanium backup pro ( 5.6+ ) to restore from adb backups .
ctrl + shift does the job . a window appears where you can change the language . worse than in windows , but still . . .
the process for getting cm on htcs in my experience ( htc sensation , raider , one s , desire z ) has been to : unlock the bootloader , usually via htc dev , after installing only sync drivers flash custom recovery - twrp preferred , but cwm works fine flash superuser zip file for easy root . if that does not work , i can suggest vroot , worked great on an lenovo ascend g610 with little documentation on the web run s-off tool of choice , sometimes terminal based , sometimes it is an easy apk set supercid for easy flashing of other stock roms flash cyanogen and gapps , make sure to clear data before first boot do not try to install custom bootloaders with s-on , as i have bricked an htc hero that was s-on , tried to flash amarulz hboot , and it never started up again . the method above has successfully unlocked all the htc devices first mentioned , without any bricks . to answer your questions , you can not flash a custom recovery because you are s-on . perhaps you cannot get the unlock key for your hboot because it predates htcs unlocking program . my htc hero got an hboot update that required the use of using htcdev to unlock . if you are looking to flash a recovery via adb shell , you will need to use ' dd ' for that .
somone just did this here . disable google contact sync in your app settings ! ! ( not the app setting . settings -> apps ( in all ) -> contacts sync -> disable this is not the same as just disabling the syncing aspect of the contacts page , it removes google from being all up in your contacts period since they blocked nexus owners of having a local contacts option . and there is another way as well . i did the first one . http://forums.androidcentral.com/general-help-how/352276-i-have-stock-android-phone-there-way-have-contact-list-not-google-affiliated-2.html#post3392252 repost it to people who ask ! google is full of it . i have never seen another phone not have a local contacts page .
i have an htc one , and even though i cannot deduce why , my settings menu did not display options for sip setup until after i unlocked the bootloader . i will clarify that all i did was unlock the bootloader , i did not flash a new rom . again , this makes absolutely no sense , but it worked for me .
sip comes directly with the android system , as you said , starting with gingerbread . you find it in the system settings : call settings , at the very end : internet call settings : for more details , you can also check with the page android sip client configuration and review , which explains you all the details . as it comes with the android system itself , all devices with gingerbread or higher should have it .
i have had google galaxy nexus hspa+ for a while , and it does have internet calling , which is one of the reasons why i was interested in the phone in the first place . long story short , it is the most horrible sip client i have ever seen , with the most inflexible settings , does not actually work properly , and has all sorts of quality issues that do not manifest when using a third-party client instead . ( to give you an actual example of what i am talking about , i have somehow had this very strange multi-dozen-second delays in voice , which i have no explanation for , other than a terribly broken buffering logic , as sip calls go through udp , which would never do retransmission , hence no clue why someone thought that multi-dozen-second buffering was ever a good idea . ) if you cannot find the native internet calling in your phone , you are not missing much . ( i have long as disabled the said native client , and have been using a third-party client instead . )
it should normally be located within settings> storage> unmount usb storage . otherwise look within whatever file explorer you are using on the tablet for usb storage , this should indicate that a usb stick etc is using the drive , and hence give you the option to remove/unmount . there are apps available but these require root access to my knowledge .
i am using moto g updated version . there is a clear provision available in the settings to unmount usb storage . go to settings then storage then press unmount ; you will be formally asked whether to unmount ; press ok ; that is it . you can safely remove . . k . shanmukha sundaram coimabtore india
you upgrade your moto g to android 4.4 kit kat . after that u do not want to restart your phone on ejection of usb drive . but still there is no safe ejection method as this specification ( otg ) is not specified by manufacturer . the advantage is that you do not need to restart your android device .
no . updating from 4.2.2 to 4.3 will retain your data , but this will make you lose root . to root , you would need to unlock the bootloader , which will almost always require a factory reset ( thus , you lose your data ) . so , i suggest to back-up your user apps and data with titanium backup or something similar .
after a very long ordeal , several trips to several different apple stores and basic trial and errors , i have found the solution as i blogged here : http://eduncan911.com/technology/hardware/google-nexus-10-and-apple-wireless-keyboard.html the situation is that apple made 3 different bluetooth apple wireless keyboards , noted by years : 2007 , 2009 and 2011 . the issue is that the 2011 model , with its latest firmware updates , does not work with the google nexus 10 . it must be a bluetooth hardware profile issue with the google device itself , as the 2011 keyboard works flawlessly on all other android 4.2 , 4.4.3 and 4.4.4 devices that i have as well as an apple ipod touch 4th gen . solution : get the 2009 apple wireless keyboard as i stated in my post above , i have tested several 2009 and 2011 keyboards and have confirmed only the 2009 apple wireless keyboard works with the nexus 10 . to restate the original issue : the 2011 apple wireless keyboard will pair , and even " connect " normally to the nexus 10 . but , the nexus 10 will not recognize it as an input device - it is missing the " a " keyboard icon at the top-left corner of the top status bar which normally shows with other bluetooth keyboards , such as the 2009 version . also note that the firmware i tested of the 2009 model was version x50 . i could not confirm if the latest firmware update for the 2009 model worked or not .
okay , so firstly i will help removing that ok google funcationality from the home screen : 1 . go to google now > tap settings > voice > " ok google " hotword detection > here you will see an option to disable ok google on home screen . now for the search bar , if you are running slimkat , then you are probably on one of the two custom launchers pre-installed in slimkat , so go to their settings , either by long holding on homecreen , or you can go to settings > home > here you will see the launchers installed , and mostly there is a settings/options key beside them , tap on that or if settings key is not there try tapping on the launcher name ( it should take you to settings ) . once in launcher settings , you should go to homescreen specific settings and disable search bar from there . get back to me if any of the above mentioned things do not work .
try nova launcher . it has an option to disable persistent search bar .
try uninstalling and re-installing it . clear the app data . might be a bug with the custom rom ( ignore if on stock ) . as for why it is happening , could be a faulty installation imo , but if the package was faulty , it would not get installed in the first place . anyhow , just try the above steps .
depending on what version of s3 you have ( there are 13 just looking at the wikipedia article ) , there could be different safeguards in place to prevent tamporing having knox installed is one thing , upgrading to 4.3 is another as some of the updates that samsung has put in prevent certain types of expolots to get the bootloader unlocked and ability to boot a unapproved rom a coworker of mine upgraded his phone to 4.3 and serious issues with knox not letting him boot . he had to downgrade all the way back to 4.1 and then upgrade back up to get a working phone . needless to say , all of his data is lost . if you are planning on rooting , do it now , upgrade to a rooted rom with touchwiz ( like carbon ) , or go full 1337 and get a cynogenmod rom and run kit kat rooting your phone kills the warranty , but there are ways to revert back to stock . depending on the insurance you have on the phone , they will take in a broken rooted phone . however , if some phone component breaks , and you have no way to get it back stock , you are sort of sol . there is a huge market for used phones , and if you have yours rooted , you give a bit of added value to the phone . swappa is probably the best place to go out and sell your phone . tl ; dr : root now , install a rom you like , get kitkat if need be , sell on swappa . source : rootin ' since 2009 . owner of multiple samsung phones .
on android phone . just type in the dial *#9900# then choose the second one " delete dumpstate/logcat " . problem is solved .
use clean master app . it worked for me . run this app at least twice a day to keep the memory clean .
i had the exact same problem . had the phone into the samsung service location a number of times , where they performed a full software recovery twice and then replaced the mainboard , but the problem persisted . i realised that the memory logs , which were filling up the logs file , seem to be connected to a network issue and decided to try and obtain a new sim to see if this helped . i got the new sim yesterday and everything that seemed to kick in the log files and fill up the system memory seems to be ok . previously , it might be ok once i had cleared the logfiles ( *#9900# , delete log files ) for a few hours , but then all of a sudden the log files would start again . within a few hours , my phone ( galaxy note ) would start becoming unresponsive , and i would get the storage space running out message and my system memory would be down to 100mb rather than 1.4g . after weeks and weeks of the same problem i am reticent to say that things are completely resolved . putting the new sim in seems to have solved the problem for me .
i have been through this storage problem . this is the solution to your problem only if you have " root " access . this problem occurs due to old application data of apps which have not been uninstalled properly . download " sd maid " from the play store . you can search for application data which exists on your device in spite of being uninstalled . clear the corpses and retry installing the app you want to install and it should work .
may be you should check this link , hope this will solve your problem . excerpt : root your phone . download the root browser app fro here reboot open the newly installed root browser app , a pop up will come stating if you want to give the app root permission . grant it . navigate to /data/ and delete the folder log see the magic : )
i do not know of any specific apps , but it certainly can ( on probably does ) affect other apps . read here for google 's notes on the problem , as well as info for developers on how to avoid the bug . they have also issued patches and sent them to their oha partners , but it is up to each of them to roll out the update .
should i relock the bootloader after getting s-off ? will that prevent me from doing anything ? no . you can not flash unsigned rom nor alter rom ( e . g . get permanent root ) . source . in that tutorial under the facepalm instructions , do i need to do step 7 if i already got s-off using facepalm ? yes . it is needed so you can flash the /boot partition from recovery . the stock hboot blocks access while in recovery . source . how can i remove * tampered * from the bootloader ? update 2013-08-16: from op : after following the steps he mentioned in the guide , TAMPERED is gone and has been replaced with the -- DirtyRacun -- label. There also is nothing that says UNLOCKED anymore .
there may be apps in the background that run which drains the battery life . to be certain of which app : go to settings > battery > battery graph the battery graph will give detailed analysis which app used how much battery . if there is any app that you do not recall using a lot but is one of the top battery consumers i would recommend you to uninstall/disable the said app .
this question is probably opinion-based . i am not familiar with the trend in subtitles , but i use them a lot since i am hard-of-hearing . most of the subtitles i get from subscene are . srt files . occassionally , i will encounter a . sub and . idx combo , but rarely an . smi . a lot of media players support . srt ; a lot others also support other formats . my guess on the app that you found which supports only . smi - which you did not even mention its name - is that it may have been a niche app to play videos that have . smi subs . there may have been no other app that played . smi when it was made . i am just speculating . but one thing for sure , . srt is not going away any time soon .
as noted in the comment , " battery drain " and " overheating " are not necessarily connected : not everything that drains your battery causes overheating . overheating is most likely caused by excessive cpu hogging ( which of course also leads to battery drain ) . you might want to take a look at the app drainguard , which keeps a log of battery consumption , always informs you how much was consumed since you turned the screen off last time , and -- here it comes -- it can start an alarm when some app causes excessive battery drain . values are configurable : the free version only works from 100% charge down to 70% , which is fine for testing . once you decided the app serves your purpose , the drainguard pro key is available on the playstore for less than an euro .
mirrored on gist . custom ebook files can be read on android devices by employing a collection of software , detailed below . both android and ios devices can simply use ibooks or stanza , and connect to calibre . a more manual method employes astro for browsing android files manually . for any ebook file format , if an appropriate app is installed , astro will be able to open the ebook . see wikipedia for a table of ereaders vs ebook file formats supported . secondary software will be required to actually get the ebook files onto the mobile device : sugarsync dropbox each ereader app looks for books in a different directory . a good compromise is to store all ebooks in /mnt/sdcard/Books , organizing ebooks at will through folder hierarchies , and using astro to navigate to and open individual ebooks . fbreader autorecognition : /mnt/sdcard/Books custom browsing : FBReader library -&gt; File tree kindle autorecognition : /mnt/sdcard/Kindle nook autorecognition : /mnt/sdcard/Nook/MyDocuments adobe reader autorecognition : /mnt/sdcard/Download/Adobe Reader custom browsing : Documents -&gt; All PDFs -&gt; Folder View
there are several options available to you , but make sure that you know that the app you are using supports them ! you can go with a bluetooth gps receiver like this one . reviewers mention that it works with android , but not ios . one reviewer says it works perfectly , another says that not all apps work with it . ( i am inclined to believe that the user who mentions that it needs an app is mistaken ) you can also get a usb bluetooth receiver like this one with an otg cable like this , but these are designed to be used with pc hardware , so support for android may or may not be very good . i would personally go with the bluetooth option for convenience and because there are others who have done it with android devices already .
it turned out to be a sync error for some contacts with malformed birthday field created on android which causes exchange to silently fail . you can debug it , by getting the exchange server-side logs , by going to your exchange webmail ( outlook web access , owa ) : login in to webmail . yourdomain . com go to : options -> all options -> phone mark your current device and click -> " start logging " start sync on the phone in webmail click " stop logging " and look at the new mail create in your inbox in the log i got three of these errors : . . . which causes the whole sync and all subsequent contact syncing to silently do nothing . i had to remove the birthday field from these contacts on android . i hope this helps someone ! here is some more information on the various date formats created on android devices : http://dmfs.org/carddav/?date_format
yes it is possible using adb to disable usb debugging . using the appropriate shell input keyevent commands you can navigate the gui and change the setting .
if the device in question is root ed , you can write to the system settings directly from a shell command in adb shell . the name of the setting to write depends on which android version you have . if your device is not rooted , you can not change the usb debugging setting from adb or any non-system app .
try this : go to settings > battery there you can see the list of things that consume battery . this includes all the system processes , hardware such as the screen and the user apps . if there is an application that you installed that takes up more than say 20% in that list , that app is your culprit . there is also a good chance that it is the same app that is taking up all that data in the backgrounds . if your screen takes up more than 30% , try reducing your brightness and the amount of time the screen is kept active . if you want to check your mobile data consumption , go to settings > data usage . this will list the data consumption of all apps on the phone . hope this helps .
yes there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.into.stability but if you do not have root , then it is a bit limited in features .
is your settings > language and input > voice command for apps ' on ' ? sometimes it picks up something in the background and answers the calls . if turning off that does not work , try to do a factory reset on the phone . unfortunately , if even that does not work , you will have to get it inspected at a service center .
on my t-mobile sgh-t999 galaxy s3 ( android 4.1.1 ) , there is a " s voice " icon under apps . if you start the app and skip the setup questions , you will be prompted " what would you like to do ? " . at this point press the menu button and choose settings > control apps , turn off " control apps : use voice commands to control device " . hope that helps !
try inserting a 3.5 headphones with mic and call your cell . if it will answer automatically it is a software problem , try to remember what things have you changed/installed before that was happend . if it fix the problem , take out the headphones and try calling your cell . sometimes the aux 3.5 jack is not recognizing when a device is plugged-out ( mostly because of a damaged headphones/headphone 's jack ) , this could be the problem .
because you still have a working cwm , you can just reflash it . there are 2 competing implementations : supersu from chainfire superuser from chainsdd most rooting utilities install the latter , so you are safe to also flash this .
i received the same message on unrooted android 4.0.4 , alcatel 992d , with 12g free space on sd card . i am posting here , cos maybe it helps on 2.2 , as well . installed appmgr iii , 3.10 ( app 2 sd ) , and it also listed the same apps as movable , were not even marked with the gray x ( supposed to tell you that by moving app you will lose some functionality , e.g. widget stops working on main screen ) . it seems that only those apps gave me this message when trying to move ( via appmgr and via the built in option in android ) which came pre-installed on the phone . below article says moving/deleting pre-installed apps is not possible on unrooted phone : http://www.brighthub.com/mobile/google-android/articles/82517.aspx it seems likely to me that in this case , the option " move to sd card " not being grayed out is the bug , and maybe appmgr receiving this misleading data causes it to show them as moveable , as well , while the inability to move them is by design .
for people that have this problem in the future . it is an odex issue . some unused thing in there is causing it to think space is all eaten up . find an app that cleans odex files . chances are you are rooted which allows apps that mess with the odex files to screw stuff up by accident .
this is a known problem with leaked 2.2 galaxy s vibrant software ( happened to me ) . even if you are not using a vibrant i would suspect the issue is the same , since the software is mostly the same . you can fix it using this post at xda if you have a vibrant or i9000 . if you have another model just check the subforum for your device ( or take a risk and try this anyways ) .
have you tried recovering your google password ? https://www.google.com/accounts/recovery note : this may be worthless if you never set up a secondary email account to recover your google account . because there is no other way to recover a google password .
try logging into your google account on your computer and changing the password to something very simple like "123456" . then try it on your phone again . i had a problem once logging into my nook account on my droid so i logged into the website and changed my password from the standard complex string of random numbers and characters to a plain string , and it let me in .
go to settings -> apps -> gallery -> clear data
my advice , backup /data/ and sdcard ( not external ) , use ota root keeper , do a factory reset , and restore data and the root . instead of rk , try first framaroot .
if you are in the kindle app , the app ' overwrites ' the system brightness . you have to change the brightness within the kindle app by tapping on the " aa"-button in the action bar ( the menu where you can set font size etc . ) . there is a slider where you can set the brightness while reading .
i looks like the program suggested ( prefixer ) may work . the problem will be " for some , the number is ofcourse in my address book , " . i did not see an " exception " to the rule on those screenshots , so how does it handle numbers that are in the block of numbers and in the contacts . as a workaround to an " easy way": of course manually inputting the numbers will work . gmail allows more than a few numbers on a single contact . i do not know what the upper limit is , but you could just make a similarly named contact and max it out too . this would allow you to remove the exceptions from the block . maybe use another contact software and import the contact if that interface is easier to add multiple numbers . you could also just do it as they call . i am on 2.3.5 and after the call , when the number is not known it asks me to make a new contact or assign it to an existing one . edit : i could not find anything out there that would do this automatically . i now know google contacts will allow around 3000 contact numbers in one contact . anymore than that it is starts acting odd ( not saving , etc ) . using the tools that are available i have made it work by importing this block from a csv file . here are the steps : goto my dropbox share at block import csv 's download all the csv file from that folder * * might want to turn off syncing contacts on the phone at this point . go to google contacts choose more--> import--> choose file and choose the csv file ( block import . csv ) import ( this may take a little while for google to respond depending on your connection speed ) a new group will be created called " imported m/dd/yy go to that group and choose all the contacts . ( check box on the top left ) more --> merge contacts--> ok it will only do 250 at a time . be patient , it is very slow . rename the contact ( something like " compan name_1" and remove it from this group and add it to " my contacts " repeat steps 6 through 8 until there are no single contacts left . there should be around 34 contacts with 3000 contact numbers in each of them . turn syncing back on if you turned it off . while a bit manual , with patience , it does work . now , i do not know what that will do to your phone when you try to sync it .
note that both ios browser ( safari ) and chrome ( desktop or for android ) are based on webkit engine . that is why they are so similar in what they render . firefox browser uses a much different engine : gecko . as an answer for what you want to do , i think that given the css and javascript the mobile site loads is different depending on the rendering engine , currently it is not possible to an end user to achieve that . a better design must be done by web developers who made the website , in order to avoid this kind of awkward situations . if what you need is to open that mobile site with a browser different to chrome for android , but that it be rendered the same way as chrome for android does , i recommend you to use opera mobile or opera mini ( based on presto engine ) , here is a screenshot of how it looks there :
i ended up just using an app that runs the mediaindexer . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.addz.mediascannerhl=en https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.clypher.mediascanner rebooting works as well , thanks user133312 !
from digitaltrends , when an offending notification pops up , simply long press on it and App Info will pop up . tap on that and you’ll be taken straight to the app management screen where you can uncheck the Show notifications box and stop notifications appearing . you can also get to the app management screen by going to Settings -&gt; Apps and selecting the app from there . unchecking the show notifications box does mean that all notifications from that app will be turned off though . as the warning states : if you turn off notifications for this app , you may miss important alerts and updates .
there're two flavors of usb ports - powered and unpowered . unpowered ports can not supply power to the devices and are rather rare . you identify them easily - connect the smartphone to them and see if it starts charging . if it starts charging the port is powered and you are okay .
i usually charge mine from the usb port of my tv decoder ( that is always powered on ) so i think there will be no problems .
if the usb port supports usb sticks then it has power to recharge a smartphone . the only question is how much power it has . the usb protocol includes what i would call a " power handshake " . host ( radio ) and client ( smartphone ) communicate with each other and the host specifies how many milliampere the client is allowed to use . if the radio has usb high-power support you will get up to 500ma , without only up to 100ma . btw : a plain usb power adapter usually supports up to 1000ma . i assume a simple car 12v-to-usb-adapter would also support that much power . therefore even if charging via radio works , charging will take significantly longer . how many milliamperes are used for loading can be seen on a large number of phones by the battery monitor widget or similar apps .
constant battery use will generate more heat over a short period of time , yes . ordinarily , this will not damage the device . however , heat can greatly impact the longevity of your battery . i would suggest shutting off the monitor when you do not need it ; if you really need to constantly monitor the network , the task is probably better suited to a pc .
the 20% cpu consumption is probably because you are on a weaker cpu , eg , 528 mhz processors , in this case , the cpu consumption is normal anyway and as a matter of fact , 20% is not a high number in this case at all . in case you want to limit your cpu usage at all times , you can root your device , install a cpu scaling program , and under clock the device . or you can set the cpu governor to " powersave " in addition to under clocking the cpu frequency if you want to sacrifice the performance for a longer battery life .
instead of widget use apps like data switch . unlike widget this app does not consume resource when idle . there are tons of other apps/widget if you do not like this one or this one does not work for you . for eg : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.aispl.mdsswitch https://market.android.com/details?id=ru.chernish2 https://market.android.com/details?id=com.m039.tools https://market.android.com/details?id=com.myreallife.mobiledata https://market.android.com/details?id=com.datalinkswitch
i use the power control widget . allows you to toggle data , wifi and various other settings from your home screen .
as i mentioned my phone was connected to the laptop . that was causing the problem . on my laptop mobilego ( pc suit for android ) services were running . when mobilego detected the device it tried to connect with it . which was actually interrupting the installation process . from my task manager i stopped the mobilgo services and the installation went through .
try the app stayawake , it should work for galaxy s ii too .
i am not quite sure how to turn the feature off but when i had my droid eris , it would do the same thing . i found that if i simply hit one of the volume buttons on the side , the screen would come back on without having to end the call .
from your description , it sounds like there may be an issue with your proximity sensor . the proximity sensor should turn off the screen instantly when you put the phone to your face during a call . the way you described the screen turning off after x amount of time sounds like it is just normally timing out . you can use an app called androsensor to test the functionality of your proximity sensor . this would also explain having to turn the screen back on manually instead of it happening automatically . also , you may want to look closely at the sensor , there may be dust on it preventing it from working properly . as others have noted , the vibrant should have an option for disabling the sensor . is this option already checked ? that may have something to do with it .
keep screen on during calls that setting is not available on all phones , but if it was it would be under : home > settings > call settings > [ display > ] . . . but as for the difficulty turning the screen on be sure that the power button does not end calls ( settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked ) then just pull the phone away and press the power button to turn the screen on .
i had been having exact same problem for a few months on my lg-p500 , but have just fixed it . i found that the proximity sensor had gotten covered with dust as the screen cover had slightly lifted in the area of the proximity sensor . once i cleaned it off it worked fine again .
to keep the screen and disable the proximity sensor launch another program while on a phone call . the screen will remain on while the phone is against your ear .
are you sure that the screen goes off after x seconds ? android phones with proximity sensors usually turn off the screen when they are put on an ear . the phone should automatically turn on the screen if you uncover the light/proximity sensor ( e . g . by removing it from your ear ) . the galaxy s does this and i suppose that the vibrant does so too , because they are basically the same phone models . other android phones behave similar . i am not sure if it is possible to disable this feature . even if so , you would encounter another problem : accidental pushing buttons on the touchscreen with parts of your face , which could lead to hang-ups .
if you enable the touchpad while the call is coming in , the screen will stay on even when the phone is pressed against your face . for instance , if you answer a google voice call and have to push "1" to pick up the call . of course , this will result in you repeatedly pressing the buttons with your face , causing gv to say " this call is being recorded " and possibly hang up , but hey , you asked for it .
i found a couple of settings in cyanogenmod which could be useful . i am not sure if they are available in vanilla android . also , the proximity sensor application in htc is pretty good . but i am not sure about vibrant .
you can disable the proximity sensor or simply go to call setting and you will find an option that reads keep screen awake .
the best way that i find is to cover the screen for a few seconds and then release . this is the same mimic as if you are calling into voicemail or a feature for which you are required to press a key . this is the best means that i have found to keep all features enabled . btw : i find it odd that you have the power button set to hang up . i believe this is a feature you setup in order to advert another issue . maybe solving the hang up feature problems will assist with this one as well ?
02-09-2013 - when the screen goes dark ( by factory default ) while on a call can be very frustrating . i just purchased a new samsung galaxy proclaim , an android phone , and this solved the problem . go to settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked then when the screen goes dark while you are on a call and you need for it to come back on for pressing prompt numbers , account numbers , or whatever . . . . just press the power button to turn the screen on . since you have unchecked the end call by pressing the power button . . . the screen will now come back on and will not end the call . hope this helps .
an app whose package name is com.example.app has its data files in /data/data/com.example.app . this applies to pre–jelly bean systems , and to the first user on jelly bean systems . for other users on jelly bean systems , user 1 has the data files for com.example.app in /data/user/1/com.example.app , and so on . however , none of this information helps you to use an external app to sync an app 's files . reading another app 's data files can only be done on a rooted phone , which is probably not something you want to do on your child 's phone . even then , you need an app that is designed to work with root access , such as datasync or appsync . and even then , it is possible that the kidlogger app keeps its data in encrypted form , to force you to use their sync service , or as a precaution against tampering with the logs . after all , if the sync app can get access to the logs , there is nothing to stop the user of the phone doing the same thing . the only reliable and secure solution would be to ask the developers of kidlogger to add a feature that syncs the app data to dropbox or an online service of your choice : one the user of the phone can not access .
see below how to change your email notification sound , or how to disable it . my android is 2.3.5 , gmail is 2.3.6 . you open the gmail app , menu > more > settings , tap in the account ; in the very bottom there is an option " labels to notify " . in my case i have " inbox " , which i am assuming is default ; when you click on it , you have a few options : " email notifications " - notifies in the status bar ringtone - this is what you are looking for , you can set any ringtone or silent vibrate - well , it vibrates ; )
i found that my driving mode was on in the quick menu . once i turned it off , it did not give me the audio email notification .
this question answers it but lets recap : in gmail press menu and go to more-> settings-> select the email account-> sound and vibrate . . . basically , should be a part of the settings within the app . i dont know for yahoo but it is probably similar .
try formatting your sdcard as either ext4fs or ext3fs . using such a tool as partition magic or even parted to quote from wikipedia 's entry on ext4fs : large file system the ext4 filesystem can support volumes with sizes up to 1 exbibyte ( eib ) and files with sizes up to 16 tebibytes ( tib ) . likewise , for the quote on wikipedia 's entry on ext3fs size limits the max number of blocks for ext3 is 2^32 . the size of a block can vary , affecting the max number of files and the max size of the file system : the reason fat32 is used , is to maintain compatibility with the majority of os 's on desktop/laptops , which is microsoft windows ! caveat emptor : some kernels have support for ext4fs in place , not all of them may have it , notably stock roms coming from manufacturers ! also , if you are rooted and running a customized kernel , chances are pretty high that the kernel would have support for this - you can confirm by checking via adb shell adb shell ls /proc/*.gz there should be a hit on the configuration file , usually named config.gz or kernel_config.gz or similar . pull that down via adb pull /proc/config.gz unzip this file and launch your favourite editor , search for the following keywords *config_ext3_fs* or *config_ext4_fs* or from the command line , zcat config.gz | grep "CONFIG_EXT4_FS" if the search yielded this line # CONFIG_EXT4_FS is not set or # CONFIG_EXT3_FS is not set you are out of luck as that kernel would not have any support . in short , if you need to support big files , a custom rom or a custom kernel would be needed this requires a pre-requisite in unlocking the bootloader in order to flash a new custom kernel in place that has support for such filesystems !
the maximum possible size for a file on a fat32 volume is 4 gb minus 1 byte or 4,294,967,295 bytes , sd memory in your phone is formatted as fat32 so you limited to have files smaller than 4gb in your phone . cluster size has no differences in limitation of fat32 structure .
just like the answers above . FAT32 has a maximum absolute filesize limit of 4gb only however partitioning your sdcard to Ext3/Ext4 will have a disadvantage of not being read in windows . if your device is already rooted then i suggest you to install a fuse ( filesystem on userspace ) driver so it can support NTFS volumes and keep compatability with windows . an app already exist to mount the driver automatically by using this additional file from the xda forums . after this , just format your sdcard to NTFS , your android will be able to read/write to it with ease update : i also found paragon mounter , probably based on fuse but optimized for android .
dude , i suggest reformatting your sd card to ext3 or ext4 . and i find it more stable than ntfs in android . and regarding operating system compatibility . . . its easy dude . . . rooting an android may void your warranty . . . so i prefer to mod my pc to read all file system . . . and its pretty easy too . . . just get windows drivers for ext3 or whatever file system needed . . . and in windows u even get drivers for hfs plus ( mac drives ) . . . so where is the problem ? ? ? i dual boot my amd pc with windows 7 ultimate sp1 and apple mac osx 10.9.0 marvericks . . . and all file systems work well on both the os . . we get every filesystem to work with windows by using proper drivers . . . and mac osx natively supports every other file system except ntfs , for which drivers are available . . . use the power of google . . . you can easily get drivers . . good luck . : )
i do not believe there is a built-in way to do this . i highly recommend the light flow application which let 's you customize light , sound and notifications on a per-app basis .
there are some apps who have this feature , like switch off , reboot and etc . one of them is notification toggler , this app isnt particularly for switch off and reboot stuff , but you can do that also . : ) edit:: i think you have to root your device to use reboot and shutdown , you can not do it without root unless applications are signed with the system firmware key . and playstore applications are not that kind of applications that are signed with that . edit 2: to root your device , check out these links , link 1 link 2 link 3
an alternate way to switch off your mobile phone completely , would be to toss it in the ocean and do not look back . just joking ! actually turning the phone off or restarting it is done through the os itself , just like every os of today . so one way of doing this would be to access the terminal ( only if your phone is rooted ) and issue the linux shutdown command since android is based on linux .
keep usb debugging on and it should work fine .
on my phone running the latest stable version of google+ , only the camera roll is auto backup'd . there are several additional folders ( downloads , path , instagram ) that are not being synced . from your description , g+ currently does exactly what you want .
afaik there is no way to selectively sync photos with g+ . but on dropbox , by default only the camera roll photos are uploaded by default for cloud backup .
as google drive is an option to the op : i use an app called foldersync , which support a load of cloud services ( including e.g. google drive , amazon s3 , and dropbox ) as well as ftp/sftp/ftps to support your own servers . using it successfully with sftp and dropbox , i can recommend its use : you can define " folder pairs " to sync , e.g. a single remote directory and the corresponding local directory . subdirectories can be included optionally you can trigger the sync manually , or define automatic sync schedules . instand upload should be possible as well , though i did not try that yet . the paid version supports tasker , which gives you increased flexibility . as to my experience ( a while ago with some previous version , so this behaviour might have changed meanwhile ) foldersync ' s internal scheduler causes a device wakeup all 5min regardless of the sync schedule chosen , i prefer triggering syncs via tasker . so with google drive being acceptable , you could use foldersync to define a specific folder pair , and thus sync only those folder ( s ) you wish .
launch g+ photos app . swipe right on the left edge to open up the menu . go to " on device " . you can select which folders to be synced by tapping on the cloud icon on the right of the folder name . note : you have to turn on " back up local folders " option in settings . initially , all folders will be synced and you can selectively turn off for each folder in the " on device " section .
still looking for other answers i have found gallery drive sync , an app that will selectively sync image folders when you want it to , not automatically ( you have to go in and press " sync " next to the gallery for it to work ) . this can be a feature , but in my case it is not since i would like it to happen automatically .
try camera album . this app automatically redirects captured photos to the selected album/directory . you can have multiple albums and quickly switch between them before taking photo . and with applications mentioned in previous posts you can synchronize only directories that you want .
may be a bug or something . restore factory settings after making a back-up of important files . note - check the settings once again . you might have turned on the vibration .
i think you have misunderstood what vibration mode is . the sound control has three settings:- sound on : the phone will ring and vibrate normally . you can turn vibration on or off for each notification individually in that app 's settings . vibrate : the phone will still vibrate , but not make noise . in this state , any notification that would make a sound will vibrate instead . if the notification would have vibrated , it still does . silent : notifications and incoming calls will not cause vibration or noise . any notifications which have vibration enabled by the app will vibrate in either sound on or vibration mode : only silent mode will disable vibration . also , if vibrate when ringing is turned on in settings → sound , then incoming calls will make the phone vibrate in sound on mode as well as in vibration mode .
root your note 2 install titanium backup either uninstal or freeze knox . apk and all associated processes through titanium backup . as awlays , make a complete backup before any changes .
just noticed you were complaining about the lack of hdmi out on your galaxy s ? samsung make a micro-usb to hdmi-out cable specifically for the galaxy s . the linked page is a uk reseller , but i can not believe that it is not available from samsung in the us , or us based resellers ?
twonky media , who make the very good twonky dlna server for pcs , have released a twonky server app for android , this should allow you to share content ( videos , music , pictures ) that are stored on your phone to network attached dlna compatible devices on your network ( eg windows media player on windows 7 , xbox 360 , ps3 , specialised set-top boxes , some new tvs ) . also , i do not know if it is carrier specific but my samsung galaxy s came with the allshare app ( which i have not used yet ) that claims to be a dlna server and client . can not find it in the market , so i assume its samsung only .
try arkmc i am using it for more than 1 year . it is dlna certified , includes server , controller , renderer , and player .
try skifta . it will play files from dlna server in any player installed on your device . also it can be a media server and controller . the description says the app is dlna certified .
root is needed so if you have that turn on your wi-fi and write su iplink set eth0 address XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX  and it is done . ( "iplink " without space between )
check http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1525230 you actually need to change some stuff in the bcm4239 driver to allow it to read the mac address from somewhere else . the above kernel reads the file /data/local/mac . dat .
this seems like your terminal does not have root access . is your phone rooted ? and did you type su to get to the root user first ? on my phone you can tell if you are using root privileges by checking the prompt , $ = no root , # = root .
you can create a profile and switch it by long pressing the power button . at least on cyanogen , there is a menu item change profile . on stock sense rom it is likely there , too .
you can try tasker or locale . they can be configured to do this automatically .
the setting profiles should be able to do something like that . you can set up a profile that turns off all notifications for when you get ready for bed . then , add a rule that overrides the profile - turning notifications back on only for incoming calls : create a new rule add incoming call condition - this can be set to a specific contact group of just to &lt ; > depending on your preferences add activate profile action to activate a different profile where sound is on and/or some custom ring tone specified they currently have two versions of the app - a lite and full . the lite version is limited to one rule at a time . you might be able to try it out with the lite version and then get the full if it works out for you . qr code for setting profiles lite : qr code for setting profiles full :
i asked this question to a friend and he suggested the audiomanager widget . it allows you to control volumes for alarm , media , alerts , ringer , system , and voice calls independently . it also allows you to toggle vibrate for alerts and ringer independently . so far , it seems to be a solid app .
after searching around , this appears to be an issue with slimkat rom itself . reading this review of slimkat or alternative link to article as their formatting is awful , the line that jumped out at me was : . . . . talk to by simply saying " okay google " ( sometimes even just okay -_- ) suggests this happens on the rom . also there is a theory that the launcher listens to ok g and starts background tasks for the searching . maybe it has something to do with the fact that it listens for " ok g--" and then it starts loading voice search while you are still saying " oogle " , instead of it listening for " google " and then loading up voice search , leaving you waiting for a short while ? it is worth noting that a friend with a nexus 4 told me that sometimes it pops up on " ok " for him but it is rare . i can not find confirmation online . also some launchers try to incorporate the ok google themselves , sometimes not in the correct manner and this can cause conflicts . for example the image below is from nova launcher ( which i use myself very often ) to show you its ok google screen which is a separate function to the google search app 's one : finally some oems have their own " hi galaxy " ala samsung and this can further muddy the water with this functionality .
stock android widgets are not re-sizable ( although this is supposedly a feature that will be coming soon ) . if you can re-size some of them one of two things is going on : either the developer of the widget made it that way , or samsung implemented this ability to work for some widgets . in the case of the latter they probably had to set it up specifically for the widgets that do it , so it is unlikely that any you find on the market are going to be re-sizable via touchwiz . however , you do have another option . launcher pro is a homescreen replacement app on the market ; the paid version ( yes the free version is misleadingly called launcher pro ) offers resizing widgets as one of the added features . to my knowledge that would work for any widget regardless of how the developer made it . so if you are willing to put a couple bucks into it , you can re-size any widget that you want .
after uninstalling nearly all the apps downloaded from play store ( except a few like twitter , facebook etc . ) , i still had the issue . i , then , tried to uninstall google chrome which seems to be not allowed to do in normal ways ( i guess it is one of the default apps of the phone ) . lastly , i found out that there is an update for the chrome on the play store . i updated the app and surprisingly see that the problem is solved . have no idea what happened there and still suspicious about the problem but , seems like i succeed . p.s. i will be grateful if someone explains what happened to my phone , technically . ( does updating chrome change things for the default web browser ? because , i was having the same issue both in chrome and default browser )
read this , the bottom half is for android users , https://gamesupport.supercell.net/hc/en-us/articles/421682-can-i-transfer-my-village-to-a-new-device- this does not require play services , but does require g+ . you should be able do this w/o google play services good luck !
short answer : no . the app dev must have made it like this . you could email the dev , to ask them to sort it , but otherwise there is no option .
a rom for the htc one will not work on the htc one x+ . despite the name similarity , they are completely different phones , with different hardware inside . ( the htc one x+ has a tegra 3 soc , while the htc one has a snapdragon . ) if you want to install a " stock android " rom on this phone , you will have to find one first , and as there is not a google play edition for the one x+ , this is very unlikely to exist . you might be best with a custom rom that does not have many customizations . generally , custom roms do not update over the air : you need to reflash whenever you want to upgrade to the latest version .
an alternative would be to use adb push resp . adb pull to initiate a file transfer between computer and android device . for this , you do not even need the entire android sdk on your computer , a few files suffice ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . on a linux system , you could even mount the android device using adbfs ( see here ) , and thus access it like a " normal drive " from command line ( e . g . via cp/mv ) as well as from graphical interfaces .
an alternative to the dropbox way of sharing files is ubuntu one
you could use bluetooth to send it ; use your ubuntu system to do the sending and just make sure that bluetooth is activated on your phone . alternatively , connect your phone to your desktop via usb and change your phone 's connection type to be disk drive and then mount the disk drive on your computer ( my ubuntu system does this automatically ) . copy it over using the desktop 's interface of your choice . then when you disconnect your phone , use a file browser like astro file manager to open the file . alternatively , if you have somewhere to put the file , astro can get it via either sftp or smb . if you have wifi in your house , then you would be able to access it via smb . there are boxes provided for server , share , domain , directory , user name , and password . or you could use a data connection , but that would involve both your isp not blocking the needed ports ( mine does ) , and sending your password in the clear over the open internet .
i use dropbox for that .
i use FTP file transfer using filezilla . its easy , secure , and offers decent data transfer rates . so you do not need bluetooth or a usb cable to store and retrieve stuff from your device . there is a software called software data cable that allows you to transfer data wirelessly from and to your device using filezilla . using both of them together is simple . hope this helps .
i do not know of any shell utilities that will let you just right click and send , but for transferring files to/from my device in general i am a huge fan of files anywhere plus it can send/receive faxes from your phone . you can upload files from your machine via their web interface , then download using the app . it is a free service , too . for ubuntu , you might be able to write a shell script incorporating this and then add it to your right click options . i reviewed files anywhere on my blog some while ago if you want to read more about it . if you just want to transfer files while on your lan and you are using wifi , samba filesharing works super well . you can just browse to your phone 's sd card like it was a regular network samba share from your desktop .
you could also use a browser based remote desktop tool like airdroid or remote web desktop
for some reason you are not successfully replacing the stock recovery ( the " yellow exclaimation-mark icon over a phone icon" ) with the new one they instruct you to download . step 7 is key : 7 ) type fastboot flash recovery recovery.img this is where they have you ' flash ' ( copy/format ) the modified recovery over the stock recovery . is this step working for you ? simply copying the ' rectools . tar . gz ' to your device 's storage or sd card is not sufficient . on a separate note , have you investigated other means of rooting your device besides manually flashing via adb ? my favorite guide is lifehacker 's , and if i read it right you might simply be able to use superoneclick . in any event , as always , tread lightly and read carefully .
this might help : login to your google account from your pc go to https://play.google.com/apps hit ctrl+f ( or command + f on mac ) and type the name of your app , and look for it . click the app name when you find it . now , you can either note down the exact name of the app and the publisher and install manually from the play store on phone , or , just click the install button ( make sure your phone is on and has a data plan/wifi ) , select your device , click install .
you can reach the google voice settings by going to apps -> google settings -> search and now -> voice -> ok google hot word detection and turning the switch to " on " google hot word detection only works from the home page where the google search box is located . if you do not have a google search box , you can get one from your widgets which is accessible by touching and holding the home page with your finger .
i had the same frustrations with my note 3 back in the fall when it was new . i solved it by creating an app first for myself then made it available on the play store . but first , on the s5 you have to enable car mode for voice wake-up to work . then you can install the app s for switch voice free to have google voice search ( ie google now ) answer your commands . and finally you can now have something similar to motox touchless control using the app touchless notifications free which does handsfree notification announcement and has something like the new " what is up " feature on the motorola ~ if you give the command " open my notifications " it will read-out the active notifications with pretty good looking display . . .
there is a pop up every time you submit a report for the privacy policy . but regardless , pretty much every google system and api is covered by the same privacy policy : http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
in my experience , trebuchet does always reload the list . i just have to wait a couple of seconds . if it really does not , you can go to the applications section in the settings menu , select trebuchet and force stop it . that should force it to drop any state , including the widget list .
the radio is not " on " all the time . just as in any other cellphone , it makes very brief contacts to the towers to update its registration with the network ; this consumes a small amount of power , but the power management design of the radio and the coprocessor which runs it are pretty well done , so it can power up the circuity it needs just long enough and then power it back down again . without that we would not be getting multi-day battery life even from simple candy bar phones . the screen in a smartphone itself consumes some power , but any any time the screen is on , the application processor - which runs linux and android - is also going to be on , and that consumes a lot of power compared to keeping the radio processor registered on the network but not actively exchanging data . with the screen off and nothing holding wakelocks , the application processor can try to go to sleep , and only wake up every few minutes to make quick checks . that is where your real power savings comes from , and yes , scheduling more or less frequent email polling can change this .
with cdma phones the data and voice use the same radio . its going to run all the time anyway because its constantly syncing data , towers , location . . . if you want to stop it without turning off voice you should turn off the apn . doing this will not put your radio to sleep but it will reduce your power consumption . check into apndroid or quick settings , and tasker to set triggers and automation .
in my rooted lg optimus one ( p500 ) i did the following in my stock contact application : added an existing contact with more than one phone number to my favourite list . opened that contact and long pressed on the phone number which i would like to make it as default . this is not required , if there a number is already assigned as default . in my favourites list , i see the contact name and a button with phone icon . touching the phone icon now calls the default number . this is also verified with default contact app of sony ericsson sk17i running 4.0.3 ( stock and unrooted ) the same can also be done without adding to favourites . long press of the contact in the contact list opens up a menu . in that menu , touching " call contact " calls the default number .
you can create a " direct dial " shortcut on your home screen to do this : on android 1 . x through 2 . x ( and on some replacement launcher apps on newer os versions ) long-press on empty home screen space , and select Shortcuts -&gt; Direct dial . on android 3 . x and above , open the app tray , and swipe to widgets . then find the Direct dial widget and drag/drop it to the home screen . select the contact 's phone number from the list . now by tapping on the created shortcut you will call the number directly , as opposed to having to select the number from drop-down .
as 3rd party apps are acceptable , there are some available which look promising . not sure , though , that they completely fulfill the request , they should still be worth a look : go contacts ex -- from the well-known go-team , and with an excellent rating . feature list mentions two things : " smart dialing " ( just type a part of the number , and it will be found ) -- and " speed dial " . the former is not what you look for , the latter is probably something like " favorites on 0 to 9" . dw contacts and phone and dialer promises the dialer " has many options to make it exactly to your wishes " exdialer offers " speed dial " and promises a lot of flexibility dialer one is also worth a try -- feature-rich , high rated and regularly updated angel dialer seems to be highly configurable ( and again is high rated ) eir fast dialer -- as the name suggest , this one promises fast dialing , and seems a promising candate indeed as said , i cannot promise any of those will do exactly what you wish . but having checked many of them , these seem to be the best candidates . personally , i am not initiating too many calls , so i am still contend with the default dialer . . .
i am quite surprised this has not been said here yet . . . you can slide the list item of your contact to the right to directly call the default number . also , you can slide it left to send a message to that number . to set the default , long press on the number and " mark as default " or via the menu button , in the desired contact view . i saw this on android 2.2 and 2.3 on my samsung galaxy fit . i am not sure the same dialer app is used on other phones . . .
open the contact and : option 1: long press the desired phone number . a pop up will appear . select set default . option 2: press menu button and select mark as default . my phone uses android 4.0.3 .
i have found the problem ; i had just one track by this artist in another album , and it was tagged " the chromatics " . " chromatics " and " the chromatics " were probably ( rightfully ) considered as the same artist , but android did not pick the right one out of the two to display . i have edited this track 's artist tag and now every track by this artist appears correctly tagged .
there are no apps such as this that work without a rooted device . this is because these apps make changes to system files - and you have to be root to do this .
that would be a contradiction in terms : in order to disable permissions on-the-fly , root permissions are required -- no way around that . for non-root users , there is only a different approach : take the .apk apart before installing , manipulate the Manifest ( remove unwanted permission 's requests ) , re-assemble the .apk , and then install the modified package . unwanted side-effect : no direct updates , as the signature on the package breaks this way . an app doing this is e.g. apktool , available for windows , mac and linux .
the best way to avoid this is to add your country 's international prefix ( it is +39 for italy if i am not mistaken . ) this way your network providers treats it like it would without the prefix ie . it will be a domestic call if you are in the same country , but it will still work if you are calling from a different country .
as a workaround , you could include the country code of italy in all your contacts . this has the additional advantage that these numbers will still work the way they are supposed to even when you are roaming abroad . i am not sure if either android or the cellphone network handle this case intelligently .
by installing androzip my problem is getting resolved : )
i do not know the software you are using but i would recommend looking into airdroid , it installs a small application on your phone and lets you manage it from a web interface . after starting the service you can copy all data in both directions .
i believe that the viewsonic does not have any onboard memory and instead has an sd card that can not be removed for internal storage and another removable sd .
according to this thread /sdcard is the internal storage of your device . it is so named because android counts on a fat/fat32 filesystem at that mountpoint for data storage . the optional external sdcard mounts to /sdcard2 and is evidently not available via usb from the tablet . these are the " user serviceable " locations in android . to work with files outside these paths you will need to have root access on the device and use a 3rd party file explorer .
it is a known issue on samsung phones . when an update is interrupted or fails for whatever reason , the phone will not boot in either normal or recovery mode , and will present the " firmware upgrade encountered an issue . . . " error . the solution is to start the phone in download mode ( usually by holding the volume down button while powering it on from turned off state , ) and then try re-flashing the update . if you are having trouble with samsung 's kies software , you may want to try odin or heimdall utilities . it is not necessary to flash the full rom to get rid of the error , you can flash a modem firmware of a custom/stock recovery instead . just make sure whatever you are planning to flash is designed for your specific device model . as long as the last flashing attempt completes successfully , your phone should no longer show the above error , and allow you to proceed with voiding your warranty ; )
there are many "*2sd " methods , and they generally involve root access . my personal favorite is link2sd . it uses symlinks , which take up ( practically ) no space . the actual program , data , libraries , etc are stored on a second partition on your sd card . this comes with the downside of actually having to create two partitions on your sd card ( meaning it will have to be formatted ) . if you have root , you likely have a custom recovery installed that can automatically partition your sd card . the upside of multiple partitions is that you can mount your sd card when plugged into a computer without causing the apps to disappear from your device . this is because only one partition is actually unmounted from android and mounted on the computer , and the other partition holding your apps is never unmounted .
the easiest way to get around this is to root your device and use an app that forces apps to the sd card ( e . g . droidsail super app2sd ) . limitations of this apps installed on the sd card wont have widgets - they will be broken . apps will not be loaded until the sd card is mounted . some alternatives use the link2sd app to move apps to the second partition of your sd card pros can move libs , and dalvik-cache which take up loads of memory widgets still work apps mounted during boot cons also needs root needs a second partition on your sd card .
i have the exact same problem , the only thing that fixes is doing :  e2fsck -fpDC0 /dev/block/mmcblk0p2  but i have to do it every boot .
what needs to be done is to bundle the boot . img and construct a new zip file suitable for flashing via clockworkmod or twrp . pre-requisites : a linux environment that has the usual development packages , such as java installed . ( it can also apply to other platforms , just be careful that the instructions here indicating the path used below , uses a forward slash / , so flip that around to be a back slash \ for windows environment especially ! ) adb command line tool installed . `testsign . jar ' tool , for signing the zip file so that the recovery can authenticate and verify it is a valid archive otherwise recovery will report corrupt archive or similar . update-binary command line application , that is internal for usage with the flashable script . ( this can be found with any flashable zip , the important thing is to extract that binary and deposited in the structure of the directory as shown ) zip command line tool . assuming your directory is called workdir , for discussion , lets call this the working directory , copy the boot.img into that directory , and create the following directory structure - META-INF/com/google/android , this is important ! and within the META-INF/com/google/android , copy the binary application called update-binary into that directory . so the directory structure should be like this : as for the updater-script , copy the contents of the following below : remember : do not get confused here , the updater-script as shown , should be left alone and as-is , so do not try flip the forward-slash to a back slash if doing this under windows environment . go back to the parent of the directory structure , i.e. outside of workdir and do the following , we are going to create a zip file from this : zip -r my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned.zip workdir/ which is a recursive function , this will zip up everything into the file called my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned . zip . finally , to sign the zip file , issue this : java -classpath testsign.jar testsign my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned.zip my_custom_flashable_boot_signed.zip  then its a matter of pushing that across the sdcard as in adb push my_custom_flashable_boot_signed.zip /sdcard/ and manually go into recovery and specify that zip archive ( i.e. . my_custom_flashable_boot_signed . zip ) in which it will perform the flashing for you .
if you have the flash_image binary , then you can do it on device via terminal emulator ( flash boot , then the rest using recovery ) . syntax : flash_image boot /sdcard/boot.img self promotion time i have an app that provides a gui for the binary . find it here . if you do not have that binary , it can be installed ( google it - you have to download it then copy it to the /system/bin folder . this does not work on all devices , however it is the only way that springs to mind .
to add , after a little thought i think the lack of a cache directory may have been my problem all along . i formatted this ext2 and this may have solved the problem . therefore a damaged cache directory might have been the root cause of this problem . after formatting the cache and running /sbin/recovery it went straight into clockwork ( it was a big surprise ) . . i went to hboot and ruu'ed a new rom immediately ( unfortunately in my excitement and due to a mislabel by the uploader ) it turned out to be a telus one . . . which is giving me problems . . but heck . . simple ones . the moral here is do not give up . nearly everybody said this was a bricked phone . but , i think , if you have hboot/fastboot or ( most probably need rooted ) adb access you can do many things to get things going - i learned a lot ) ) ) )
bluetooth was enabled early on in android ( 1.5 or 1.6 iirc ) so any limitation in that regards is from your specific device and not the platform itself . i have successfully used hid bluetooth devices with : samsung galaxy nexus , and htc evo 4g lte , toshiba thrive , acer iconia a200 . i was unaware that there were any devices that disallowed hid device connections actually . in general though nexus [ anything ] devices are the least limited devices on the market at any given time , so i would say you can not go wrong with one of those .
bluetooth hid support was officially added to android in honeycomb 3.1 . any device that uses either this version or ice cream sandwich ( 4.0 -> ) or jelly bean ( future devices ) supports bluetooth keyboards out of the box .
there are different wcdma ( umts ) frequency bands . i believe that they use band-i ( 2100mhz ) in iraq . you did not mention which country you bought your phone in . but if it was anywhere in north america - i have bad news for you : none of american carriers use this band so very few phones sold here support it .
vmlite vnc server will work for you : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en you connect via vnc viewer , then record the screens
the easiest way , provided your device is rooted , is screencast .
i am currently on cyanogenmod 4.0.4 and dutch has been added . i do not know where it came from , but it works like a charm .
check wikipedia . . . nfc is backward compatible . . cool stuff . ! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/near_field_communication
using nfc enabled phone like nexus s one can read nfc data exchange format ( ndef ) message content present in nfc tags . gingerbread ( i.e. . android 2.3 ) is capable of reading ndef format which is specified by nfc forum type 2 specification . nfc operates in the 13.56 mhz frequency range . nfc , is a subset of rfid that limits the range of communication to within a few centimeters . based on what i read and understood , my guess is nexus s should be able detect nfc tags and not the rfid . may be in later releases hardware would be capable enough to do that as well ! edit : here 's some additional info . edit2: android blog states following are the new nfc related features in android 2.3.3: a comprehensive nfc reader/writer api that lets apps read and write to almost any standard nfc tag in use today . advanced intent dispatching that gives apps more control over how/when they are launched when an nfc tag comes into range . some limited support for peer-to-peer connection with other nfc devices .
nfc runs at 13.56mhz which is hf . hf nfc with ndef is indeed an rfid . however the rfid industry has for the most part moved away from hf to uhf , 860mhz-960mhz , due to longer distances and standardization ( epc gen2 ) . most supply chain implementations , ie : walmart , dod , are uhf for the longer read distances and the greater vendor selection/maturity .
i think ussd checker is the app that you are looking for . it allows you to send ussd codes to your network without the use of a dialer . i have not tried it myself though so comment whether it works or not would help .
it is about google account i think . logout and create a new account .
i would do a factory reset , then log on as yourself and try again . there should then be no trace of any other accounts on that device and you should be able to start afresh .
false negatives are rare in my experience . i did try to take a picture of myself with another phone and point the face unlock at the photo on the screen and that unlocked it . so it is not secure at all . if it fails to unlock automatically , is there a fallback password/pin mechanism to unlock the device ? it does require you to choose a pattern as fallback
the ics ' config screen says it is for low security situation . it should not be used for cases where you have sensitive information , and more for the casual user that uses their phones for personal photos ; not the type who carries their company 's next secret world domination plan . while face unlock is a gimmick , it is a cool gimmick nevertheless , and i am sure it will be used by the casual users who values convenience more than security , as it is basically an automatic unlock for them . if it fails to unlock automatically , is there a fallback password/pin mechanism to unlock the device ? not sure about that ; but all stock unlock mechanism has a fallback to unlock using your google account username and password . i do not see why they would not do that with face recognition .
as seen on the android event today , if it can not verify face it falls back to pin/pattern .
google+ messenger does require the background data checkbox to receive messages/updates while it is not the active app . however your messages should be sent instantly since the app would be active then . are you experiencing delays with other messengers using background data as well ? e.g. whatsapp a good discussion about background data , sync etc can be read here
on the home screen . . . push settings button and use the trackball to chose " notifications "
you are right i just played with trying to set a dropbox image as my wallpaper , and can not believe that there is not an easier way . part of the problem seems to be that if you open a dropbox image , it is not sent to the gallery or the system default image viewer ( which would let you do things like set as wallpaper ) but dropbox uses its own ( html ? ) viewer . there are feature requests in dropbox 's " votebox " that are requesting features that would fix this . it is probably worth heading over there and letting them know that you had like this feature , this option looks like the most likely ( but you can just go to votebox and search for android to see all the relevant ones ) : add dropbox photos to android gallery update : if you download photos from dropbox , they do appear in the gallery in a folder called " photos " . now that they are in the gallery , you can set them as wallpaper the same as normal . you might need to force the media scanner to start before they will show up in the gallery , this previous question has options for forcing that to run .
when i select an image from dropbox , it opens to be viewed . then if i press and hold the image , i am given the option to open , download , share or delete the image . if i choose open , the image opens in a view similar to the gallery in which i can press menu , then set as and finally , wallpaper . this still requires several steps but you never have to actually download the image from dropbox .
htc one v phone . i e-mail the photo from dropbox to myself . open pic , press , hold , release and your options are there . set as wallpaper and photo saves in gallery ( all photos ) or just download .
are you starting android virtual machine from within eclipse or directly ? if you are running it from eclipse then before starting eclipse just make sure to run the below command : sudo export UBUNTU_MENUPROXY=0  now start the eclipse and try running avd from it . i hope this helps . it solved this issue at my end when i faced the similar problem .
if you follow the method found in the lifehacker article , you would indeed need to root your phone , which would mean that you would not be able to receive ota updates , unless you were to later un-root your phone , going back to the stock firmware ( rom ) . you would not necessarily lose your current settings , but you would have trouble upgrading to jelly bean via an ota upgrade unless you un-rooted , as mentioned above . i am sure you would have to unlock your bootloader as well , prior to rooting , although i am not really familiar with your particular model of phone .
you may add the following rules to your user stylesheet : result in opera on this comic : caveat : i don’t own an android , so this may not work . update there is a command line version of xkcd . cm , where titles are printed out .
it is unlikely that there is a way to view alt-text without disabling images . from a technical standpoint , alt is not a tooltip . (http://www.456bereastreet.com/archive/200604/alt_text_is_an_alternative_not_a_tooltip/) however , in the real world , many sites ( like xkcd ) use it for added effect . since touchscreens have no concept of " mouse over " , it is unlikely you will ever see a browser with a simple technique to view alts . your best bet is to go in dolphin 's options/preferences and see if there is a way to disable images .
download xkcd viewer app in the android market . you can then tap on the comic to bring up the hover text .
the right answer is to just go to http://m.xkcd.com. there is a link on there to show or hide the alt text .
good question . i am do not see an obvious way to do that to solve your problem on all websites . however , there just so happens to be a few xkcd viewer apps . i use this one which has a menu > hover text option . edit : this seems like a reasonable thing to try for link hover text , but it does not work for me on the default htc incredible browswer : tap any white empty space near to the link you want to hover over . now move your trackball up/down until it selects the link . don’t click it . there ! the tooltip now appears . simple solution . :- ) i saw this suggested here .
be an activist and upvote the defect here ! though that is a longer term answer . : )
not quite a browser , but the google reader app lets you do this . long-press a picture and you will get the option to view either the picture or the alt-text . see the attached screenshots :
nike+ lets you select privacy options for your sharing . public , social , private
sd cards generally use the fat file system , which does not allow for filesystem permissions . this means that the android os would have to manage a custom list of files , their permissions , a mapping of apps to files/folders , etc . in order to prevent apps from accessing the whole card . this would be a terrible mess . not only complicated , but it would require a lot of storage space . and then one day you take out your sd card and remove some pictures , and the entire system breaks . you get the idea .
there are different mechanisms to store data in an android application that do not need the sd card access permission . you can create databases , store application parameters , create files on the internal storage . all these will not require any specific permissions and these data are accessible only by the application that created them . on the other side , if an application needs the sd card permission it may be because it as a very large amount of data to store or that it wants to modify/add/remove files such as in a file manager . but for important application specific data , the sd card if not recommended because it could be removed at anytime ( or mounted as a usb drive ) and not available to the applications . i think a lot of applications that ask sd access permission could use another type of data storage that would not require that . moreover , files created on the sd by an app will not be removed upon un-installation of the app but all other types of internal data storage will be . so to me it would be a better development practice not to use the sd if not required , and as you mentioned it would not scare people away like apps that access the whole sd .
as matthew read has explained , with a normal sd card using the fat file system , it is not possible to use the file permissions to control apps ' access , the same way that android controls their access to files on the internal filesystem . but now that android phones use internal storage instead of sd cards , and they use mtp to offer access over usb instead of the mass storage device class , android phones are free to use better filesystems for their large data storage . kitkat added a new mechanism for apps to store large files . in the internal usb storage , each app gets a private data directory , just like in the smaller device memory . ( on some devices , these might even be the very same filesystem . ) apps can access their private directory on this filesystem without needing any special permissions . it is also now possible for apps to only ask for the " read sd card " and " write sd card " permission on versions of android prior to kitkat , if they only need the sd card in order to use a private directory like this . the old shared directories like " downloads " , " music " , and " notifications " are still present just like before , and still need those same permissions for access . old apps that have not been updated for kitkat will still use those directories , not the new , private directories .
Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Market -&gt; Clear data
it is legitimate . ( or as legitimate as an exploit can be . it is not malware and if used properly has little chance of doing damage itself . ) obviously the usual cautions apply with rooting any device . you may void your warranty . be sure to read through the forums at xda or other guides to be sure how and what can be recovered if something goes wrong because of a change made with root access . you probably do not want to root your brand new phone and then not have any understanding or way to recover if something goes wrong down the road . just do your research first . it will be worth the time spent .
chrome flags ( accessed by going to chrome://flags on chrome ) are basically on/off switches for experimental and dangerous ( hence the warning at the top of the flags page ) features not yet officially announced in a chrome release . they are most definitely not scams , but are experiments intended for testing by developers and beta testers of chrome .
i was able to replicate your issue . you need to disable hardware acceleration in developer options . this step is for the samsung galaxy s4 , but you should be able to find something similar for your tablet : Settings &gt; More &gt; Developer Options &gt; Force GPU rendering .
apps need a special permission to turn on or off mobile data . there is no built-in way to search for apps that use a particular permission , but you can look at the list of apps in settings → apps . in the " downloaded " list , if you click on a suspect app , you can see what permissions it uses . the permission you are looking for is " change network connectivity " . any app with that permission might be connecting or disconnecting networks . if you found one in the " downloaded " list , and you do not think it should be allowed to do that , there is a button to uninstall it . you can also see what permissions each app wants before you install it , in the play store 's install screen .
hi i saw this post and sympathise with the originator . i was using battery defender app which worked quite well . however i kept finding mobile data turned on regardless of what i did . this was wasting money for nothing as i just use my wifi at home for internet access etc . i do not need or use this when i am out . i eventually fudged the issue by changing the apn . this worked ok except mobile data was still swithced on all the time doing nothing . in battery defender the app overrides the phone settings and reactivates mobile data . as far as i can tell there is no way of changing this in the app . hope this helps someone
i just found a good experimental app that claims to reduce application permissions ( including internet ) its called permission manager . try it and comment on the results . also , check your superuser app log and look for the app that toggles your internet connection . android 2.2 and up does not allow apps without root to toggle your internet connectivity automatically . also if you use the official facebook app , use greenify to stop it from constantly getting updates and possible turning on your mobile data .
as far as you have cyanogenmod , you can do it ; ) follow the below settings menus : settings-> cyanogenmod settings-> interface -> status bar tweaks -> than make sure status bar brightness control is checked .
this is an undocumented feature in certain samsung devices . hold your finger over the notification bar and then sliding it left and right can increase/decrease brightness . it started with the galaxy s , iirc . also , " auto-brightness " setting must be turned off .
it would almost certainly void your warranty , even if you somehow managed to do it without rooting . they also probably would not work -- 2.3 introduced several features that are not present in 2.2 . and apart from google apps , many apps like gallery/etc . are device specific .
yes , you can , but not through the same steps as on android 4.0+ devices . once your phone is rooted , run the following commands to change adb to tcp mode and restart the adb daemon ( note that you can pick the port number , i am sticking with the default of 5555 ) : $ su # setprop service.adb.tcp.port 5555 # stop adbd # start adbd  you can run the first three commands over adb shell , but will need to start adbd again from a terminal on the phone itself ( i had strange problems when doing otherwise ) . you can now disconnect the usb cable if you want to , and you can connect to the phone over tcp/ip : mycomputer$ adb connect 10.26.5.215 connected to 10.26.5.228:5555  ( if you are using a non-default port you will need to specify it : adb connect 10.26.5.215:5556 ) i have tested this on a samsung galaxy ace ( gt-s5830i ) and a galaxy s ( gt-i9000 ) , and installing apks and running instrumentation tests are working .
as well as getting access to samsung 's sync and backup service , creating a samsung account also gets you access to samsung 's app store . it is not as extensive as the main play store , but it has a good selection of apps . whether you think that is a " real benefit " or not is entirely up to you .
the solution : i just had to be signed into facebook in chrome .
you will need android debug bridge to do that . you will find a tutorial for that here .
if you want to connect to your home pc from your phone , there is connectbot
take a look at quicksshd - it claims " root " is optional , but i do not know whether it'll work with what you are trying to achieve . there is also the quite popular connectbot which should allow you to tunnel in to your pc .
the video codecs are limited to what is supported by the device . this suggests that the codecs are in firmware and not software codecs like you are used to on the computer . this means you will probably need to use something like handbrake to convert your videos to the phone . unless there are in the h264 or 3gp formats that all android phones support . reference : act1 video player faq
i got solution backup your data ( note : dont take android data on sd card ) --- or --- or remove your android data folder on sd card
visit the contacts app in a desktop browser and sign in with your google account with which your device is getting synced . once done ( you should have successfully synced your contacts before this ) , the more button ( as seen in the image ) has option to merge .
it could be a 3rd party messaging app or data roaming notifications . you could try turning off data roaming and see if you get any phantom notifications . menu > settings > wireless and network > mobile networks ( settings may be different in gingerbread from what is above )
mine was the yahoo app . it was driving me mad . nothing in the status bar , just a two-tone ding-ding . all the notification boxes in the app were unticked but it was still dinging . go to the app , - options - account settings - notification settings - choose sound . if you touch the " yahoo ! default " i bet you hear the two-tone ding . select " no sound " . i have not heard it since it did that . if that does not fix it , the app is coming off the phone . yahoo need to get real . that is not ok .
edit : nevermind . turns out the rom manager installation on cm9 was not actually up to date , and apparently my backups were not all named consistently . it seems that rom manager uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd-hh . nn . ss while cwm recovery uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd . hh . nn . ss which is why they did not seem to sort correctly . updating and making the names consistent solved the issue .
sounds rather like something is overheating ( hardware ) especially the shorter times on repeated attempts . presumably whatever that is is not in the speaker part of the circuit or when transmitting to bluetooth , but is specific to the headphone/aux jack part of the circuit . so , probably a hardware bug ( or " design flaw" ) , rather than a " limit " you can " disable . "
i have figured it out , had to enable mtp mode under settings => storage - > settings button on top right -> usb computer connection and then enable mtp from there .
an app like permissions can tell you the meaning of the different types of permissions . for receive text messages ( sms ) : allows the app to receive and process sms messages . this means the app could monitor or delete messages sent to your device without showing them to you .
as far as i have been able to tell , there is no official information on what this permission is for . i have seen this in another app in the last little while . the google hangouts app recently gained the sms permission and uses it ( in addition to displaying your phone 's sms messages in the app ) to process phone number confirmation texts : the hangouts app processes the sms message and verifies your number without requiring you to enter the code ( or even showing you the sms message ) . if i had to make an educated guess , i would assume the twitter app is doing something similar , but again , there is no official word on the purpose of this .
i was concerned about this as well and decided to decompile the app to find out what it is doing . twitter receives sms messages via a broadcastreceiver in com . twitter . applib . client . smsreceiver . here is what the code looks like after decompiling it to java with dex2jar and jd-gui . you see see here that when a text message is received , the app passes the message to a ( ) and checks that it comes from twitter 's number . then it writes the content of the message to shared preferences . as problematic suggested , the app is only verifying your number and not doing anything malicious . although twitter is not doing anything malicious , it would have been nice if they would have explained why the app needs this permission in the last update .
since you have already rooted your phone , this should help . here !
no you cannot , that is done at build/compile of the source of the said android version whatever that may be . when the source gets compiled via . build/envsetup.sh  this is setting up the environment , and that reads in the potential devices via boardconfig . mk within each device/product directory . its when lunch gets executed , the menu shows like this the above is the example of building the rom for the zte blade , notice how userdebug and eng is prefixed !
this certainly is not a cable issue , as raghd hamzeh suggets . i have ( had ) exactly the same problem with 2nd generation of nexus 7 tablet . in my opinion , it is a very poor , weak and unstable mtp protocol , that you have to use on any android 4 . x , which is responsible for your problems . the only fix or work-around to this problem ( to not to break my tablet with a hammer ) , i found out , was as stupid as setting up local ftp server ( baby ftp server was ideal for this kind , one-time solution ) and installing ftp client to my nexus and then copying files that way , through ftp protocol . i know , that mtp protocol is very , very unstable and forcing users to use it ( i.e. . removing native usb support in android 4 . x ) is a google very not funny joke . and it thrills me , that i have to use such stupid solutions , to solve such obvious things , like copying files to my own mobile device .
i was having a similar problem . what i did was install es explorer on my android and use the lan option . on the pc i setup a share folder ( s ) . in es explorer i went to the folder with the file ( s ) i wanted to transfer , i copied them . from there i went to lan page and tapped on search , takes a few seconds , then tapped on icon for my pc ( 192.168 . x.x. x ) . then choose where i want to put the file . real easy work around you can also use es explorer to transfer between other devices ( wifi hotspot , bluetooth , ftp . . . ) good luck ! ! !
in addition to ftp server for file transfer , you can also try an app like airdroid or es file explorer which will allow you to transfer files using wifi . mtp protocol is cumbersome and not very stable . there might be an issue with nexus drivers on your pc . have you tried copying from another pc ?
first off i wholeheartedly agree this is not a cable issue . there are all sorts of bugs i am finding with android kitkat . i also got this error . i was copying about 5 folders of music and a single song . two folders copied fine before i got the error . brute force re-attempt and the second time it started but timed out , at which point it lost connection to computer . i had to reenter the password to unlock the device and it showed in windows again . this time , instead of letting the screen timeout , i purposely pressed the power button to put the screen to sleep . this time the connection stayed and the transfer completed successfully . try turning the screen off after it is connected to the computer .
firefox mobile supports http proxies , so whilst it is a different rendering engine you should at least be able to get a feel for how your ui performs on a small touchscreen . here 's how to get to the secret config section - http://support.mozilla.com/en-us/questions/758279 the default browser includes proxy support in gingerbread ( although that does not help you and your unrooted desire right now , htc should be offering an ota update to gingerbread soon , or it may spur you into rooting and re-flashing your phone ) . ( for both of these , you had need to configure a proxy on your network so that it can serve up your foo . xyz domain ) finally , you could always use the android sdk 's emulator . performance will be painfully slow , but you would at least be running the same rendering engine . edit : as gathrawn mentions in the comments above , you could also possibly achieve what you want using dns entries on your network 's default dns server or a development dns server . your phone will pick up your wifi network 's default dns server , or you can change it to something specific via settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings > menu softkey > advanced .
i would try a factory reset via Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset . this will wipe your phone , so make sure to do a back up first if you need to ( you can search this site for backup methods ) .
no need to factory reset your phone . simply turn off mobile tracker , it will work .
according to the fix app , the actual bug it fixes is 34880 . basically , play installs paid apps to the wrong location , specifically to /mnt/asec instead of /data/app . when the service cache is generated on boot , that location is not yet mounted , so the service and the associated accounts gets removed . this works around that by using the same account on a non-paid app , which installs normally , get picked up by the service cache , and this prevents the account from getting removed .
it is an lg bug exposed by a recent google chrome change : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/-ns44h44aqs%5b1-25-true%5d
there are plenty of apps on play supporting that already . the first coming to my mind is paw server , which allows that and many more things ( basically , you can remote-administrate your device via wifi with this app ) . other , similar apps might offer the remote-ring as well . several anti-theft apps for example .
hmmm . . . . suggestion : create a simple android app that is listening for a broadcast on socket - over udp broadcast ? once it receives the broadcast , start playing a loud tune a la " ring " from your workstation , make a simple python app to execute by transmitting a simple broadcast packet destined for your said device profit \o/ edit fairly recently google rolled out android device manager , which it gets downloaded stealthily and sneakily , not confined to just jellybean , it applies to all versions of android going back to eclair ( 2.1 ) . this can be found in : settings > location and security > device administrators ( for gingerbread ) settings > security > device administrators ( for jellybean ) using this device manager and even if its not activated yet , go to the web interface https://google.com/android/devicemanager one can actually instigate : ringing the handset by way of the website contacting your handset provided the handset meets the criteria : signed into your google account geo location is activated handset registered with google play if location is activated , the web front end will actually locate the device for you on the map right down to the gps coordinates .
for your purpose you can use android lost .
going by the unexpected touch behaviour you provide it seems that your multi-touch screen is not responding properly to your inputs for this you need to confirm it by doing a small and freely available multi touch test . download the app and check whether the touch is shown exactly where you selected . the two dots are drawn exactly where the phone reports you are touching . or else you can simply do the following 1- go to the developer options section in settings . 2- enable pointer location . 3- touch the screen as lightly as you can . you will notice a red number on the upper right corner of the screen named ""prs:" . this indicates the level of contact needed to register a touch . 4- do the same on different areas of the screen and remember try to touch the screen as lightly as you can ( the goal here is to find the lower number that registers a touch ) if you see that at one point of the screen the screen is not responding according to your input then you need to get in contact with your authorised service centre and report the issue .
the fm transmitter solution works , but can be a bit unreliable as you drive around , moving through areas with different interference etc . the transmitter works by sending the radio signal out at low power on a particular frequency , so if there is something bigger ( like a real radio station ) broadcasting on the same frequency you will hear that instead . i have a transmitter that can be battery-powered or plugged into the cigar lighter - it only works satisfactorily when plugged in . the quality of the sound also depends on how good the fm reception is in your car . as for the power issue , you can get splitters for the standard car cigar lighter ; search amazon for " car power splitter " for examples , such as : http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b001jprlpm/ref=mp_s_a_5?qid=1293873275sr=8-5 if the transmitter works for you in your car and your location , and you can put up with the wires dangling around the car , then it is an ok ( not great ) solution . another simple method would be to replace your stock car stereo with one that has a 3.5mm aux input , and plug the phone straight in .
i have something similar to this parrot handsfree kit that i use for handsfree calls , but primarily for playing music from my desire through my car stereo ( which is of similar vintage ) . that approach has the advantage that you can control the music from the handsfree kit , not having to worry about which pocket your phone is in . yeah i am curious too . . it seems to use bluetooth . i do not think my car stereo has bluetooth support it does , but it handles all of that . my stereo does not have bluetooth either , but the phone connects to the handsfree kit , which then hands either a mono audio stream ( handsfree ) or stereo ( music ) to the stereo 's appropriate inputs .
you want to enable wireless isolation mode . on the linksys this is called ap isolation . from wirelessisolation . com : wireless isolation , sometimes called client isolation , is a setting on a wireless router . when this setting is enabled it prevents a computer that is connected to the network by a wireless connection from accessing computers and resources that are connected to the network by a wired connection . it will also prevent one wirelessly connected device from connecting to another wirelessly connected device . in essence isolating that device on the wireless network . this is used as a method of security so that you can provide both wired and wireless connection through the same network without opening up secured computers and resources to potentially unwanted visitors . this can be very helpful in businesses that have a wireless hotspot located in their lobby for example . without wireless isolation anyone on a wireless internet connection in a wifi hotspot would not only have full access to the computers and resources in the company’s network , but also to the various wireless devices that were using the wifi hotspot at that time . most wireless router makers will support wireless isolation in one form or another , if you already have a router and are curious to see if it comes with wireless isolation or not you can check your products manual , or log into your router and check the security tab .
sounds like windows had an open file handle when you disconnected and something got corrupted . i would attempt to copy everything over to your computer and then format it . get the usb drivers from somewhere official .
i clicked format on the device , causing the sd card to show up again in windows . format thankfully did not actually format it - in the sense that it did not wipe the data . i only know this because i have installed the demo of zar , which has found image and video files to recover . my options now are to either buy the full version of zar , on the assumption that if it recovered images and video the other data is intact , or to find an alternative program that is free . edit : i am currently running photorec , which contrary to its name , has so far found mp3 files and a txt file to recover . i am hoping it is also able to read obscure or non existent file extensions , so that apps which had decided to locate themselves on the sd card can be recovered .
generally it is the first google account you add to the phone that is associated with the market .
note that the google play store now allows use of multiple accounts ! in the app , press the menu button and hit accounts to see the currently selected account and to choose another . when you buy or install an app , it will show the email address being used ( on the preview page , where you select the payment method , permissions and such ) . you can still back out at that point . it is right at the top , at least in the newest market . ( bigger picture here )
if you visit play . google . com and click on " my android apps " , you will be able to see which apps were downloaded for each of your accounts . on mine , my entire app list shows on my personal google account , and only the system apps show on my google apps account . if you have a similar scenario , it is probably safe to conclude that your personal account will be used for on-device purchases .
it is probably worth noting that standard google apps accounts can not use checkout at all , so you can not put a credit card on them , and so can not pay for market apps . only apps accounts upgraded over the last couple of months to the upgraded apps accounts can ( if your account was upgraded you should have got an email with the title " your google apps account now works more like a full google account . " if you have not then the only account you can use to buy apps on the market is your personal one .
yon can buy apps on http://market.android.com/ using browser . this way you can be sure with which account you are logged in .
after quite a bit of searching and testing i do not think it is possible to do . even locking safesearch on your google account on the pc does not change it for the phone . regardless of this i would imagine that if your son can turn safesearch off even if you did lock it he would probably try getting around k9 . this is not too hard , there is even a suggested method in the product reviews , it apparently does not stop you from browsing within another app .
at the moment the gmail app does not support normal email views , only the conversation view is available . as a workaround i believe you can open your gmail account to allow pop3 access , and then you can use the default email application , instead of the gmail application .
i use option 4 ( dlna ) quite beautifully for streaming both music and video to my phone/tablet/ps3 and tablet within wi-fi range in my house . my setup is : pc mediatomb running on ubuntu-linux ( if you run windows , i am sure there are alternatives ) tablet / phone : upnplay ( free on google play ) linked to your favorite media player pros : all media sits on one machine all my devices ( phone , tablet ps3* ) can stream media from that location secure over encrypted network no bandwidth issues cons : my pc has to be on 24/7 . *ps3 only recognises some divx codecs
i have had a squeezebox streaming media player for years and the software which is also downloadable free is pretty good so i use that . i can stream remotely , as per original question , when i am away from the house and i have used xiialive as an android player . it is not as light as player as i would prefer but it works . the server also looks after submissions to last . fm which keeps me happy . all free software . the squeezebox server is also cross platform .
have a look at soundwire .
generally , galaxy devices have AllShare app which is dlna certified software . if your device does not have AllShare , install skifta . now , all you need is a dlna certified media streaming server on pc . fortunately , Windows Media Player 11 on windows xp has this capability . so , you do not need extra software . make sure your music collection is in wmp library . you do not need any extra-terrestrial configurations as dlna certified products feature upnp ( universal plug and play ) . just make sure apps ( or , its services ) are open and are connected to same network ( lan/wlan ) . its the best way for streaming media because its upnp . it was designed to get rid of complexities of traditional media streaming solutions . and , it supports pictures and videos too .
if you are looking to just play music anywhere in the house , the option to just access a file share from your phone and play music from it is probably your best bet . es file explorer has a samba plugin that should allow just that , and most music players should be able to do playlists . as an aside , no matter which option you chose you do not have to worry about bandwidth so long as you are using a locally hosted option to stream your music ( ie , not a cloud service like google music ) . however , if you want a lot of control and the ability to stream to multiple devices simultaneously like an internal house radio station over your local network , i would strongly recommend subsonic . you have an enormous amount of control over your media via the app from any machine running the subsonic app , and they have apps for all phone and pc platforms . the only catch is that there is a $20 license to use the phone apps . however , that would not stop you from just tuning into the streaming feed from your phone and using the browser based interface instead to control your music .
subsonic . it is extremely robust and easy to use . it is open source but there is a licensing . however as it is open source you can remove easily the license . ( and this is perfectly legal ) see https://github.com/khresearch/subsonic
i have a rooted b and n nook tablet and see this same sort of thing . applications are identified primarily by their package name , and most app authors do not bother using a different package name across markets . my nook has the b and n market , the amazon appstore , and google play . these three markets tend to get into a game of tug of war , each trying to update apps to the version they see as most current . the thing to keep in mind is that , just because that market says it has an update does not mean it really is a newer version of the app than what you have , just that the version number is different . i get this quite a lot with the revisions of netflix on my nook as google play likes it at one revision number while the b and n market likes it at another . if your goal is to be completely rid of update notifications from apps you can not update , your best bet is to factory reset your kindle . a complete factory reset will get rid of google play and will eliminate the update notifications . then you can re-install the apps you have purchased via the kindle 's native app store . alternatively , you can re-root your device and let google play updates complete . i do not think this is the best solution for you , though , since your device could end up like mine with different markets each clamoring to apply their own updates in a continuous loop .
kindle fire sometimes has lower versions of apps than google play . install the google play update if you can , but if not then just ignore it or uninstall google play by using es file explorer ( outside source ) or something else . with es file explorer ( kindle appstore source ) ( it is also in the kindle appstore ) just go to app manager , select google play and uninstall it .
ok , this is not the answer , this is some kind of " workaround " that i do not like . it works but makes me memorize another super key combo . and with that settings i get this results : using alt+shift feels unnatural and i would like to get the same behavior that i have got on my pc , but for now this works .
check how you are holding the tablet perhaps you have another finger on part the screen .
the second partition should be fat32/fat16 only because gingerbread does not support linking to ext partitions .
this looks like a problem with your phone , because i know many s2 owners who have not had this problem . it is better you get the phone to your dealer and have it repaired or just try a factory reset , you might have installed an app that messed with the system files . all this is assuming your router is fine !
samsung modifed the modem component of android and it is buggy in galaxy s . the solution is to root the phone and replace the modem part of it .
i had the same problem on a home wifi network - i had the router configured to run 802.11b/g/n . the problem disappeared when i reconfigured the router to 802.11b/g only .
it seems that this can be done with aptoide server and the same android app for client . on server side you just copy all apks and generate the xml file via aptoide server script . user then installs this app , adds your repository and downloads/installs the apk .
if you want the user to be able to download and install the application just like they can on market , the user must be using the stock browser . otherwise , they must have specific plug-ins when using other browsers . when i use mobile browser to access the apk file located on my server , it downloads it rather than installing it directly . and yes , the unknown sources is checked are you using the stock browser ?
once the user allows Unknown Sources , they should pretty much be able to get apk from anywhere . . . check this stackoverflow question : hosting an . apk file on over own site
i hope this are the steps you followed : if not just reinstall again your cyanogen mod and it should work .
as you have access to the recovery partition , you should find an update zip that you can flash to it . most likely you will have one on your sd card still , if you updated using the cyanogenmod updater . using the recovery menu , navigate to Install ZIP from SDCard and select it . you will then have to find the update . zip file . it may be in a folder called cmupdater or something similar . if you have a folder like that , find a zip in that folder and select it to flash . erase your data , and try and reboot the device . if that does not work , then i am afraid i do not have any more ideas sorry .
two options : backup mantano 's database ( or the whole mantano folder ) use adobe digital editions to extract the annotations the first option will keep you locked in mantano . the second in ade , which more applications use it , but it is not as pervasive as one would like . the main problem with .epub is that annotations are not part of the standard , thus every application that supports it has to implement annotations in their own way , which usually means storing them out of the file . for pdfs , i use repligo , which stores the annotations inside the pdf . but many others like ezpdf accomplish this .
technically , cwm 6 is not doing incremental or full backups . what it is doing is storing " blobs " that are shared between backups if the data has not changed between the two . when you run a new backup , it reuses what it can . if you delete a backup set , you do not actually delete the data , and the next time you run a backup , cwm deletes any blobs no longer in use .
i have not found any app . but using a terminal emulator on a rooted phone with busybox i can use : netstat -p ( or any other command 's argument needed ) .
usually you can get some human readable partition names using :  find /dev/block -path \*/by-name -exec ls -l {} \; 
the prompt for the password is probably caused by one of those apps . try to remember the password you may have used for them . or else please provide a list of the apps you have tried . ( this can be achieved by going to the google play website and clicking on my apps . as a last resort you can restore your phone to it is factory settings by entering the recovery . to boot into the recovery press and hold power and volume up
on android it is not that easy to modify the " fstab " , as that is often stored inside the boot-image ( see wikipedia on " initrd " for a more detailed explanation ) . however , depending on the device , there might be alternative solutions . some of them would be : directorybind binds " directories located on external_sd to directories on internal memory ( /sdcard ) . this way you can transfer large application data directories to external_sd . " ( in other words , you could compare that with " symbolic links " , pointing to the external sdcard ) . see also this article . swap internal and external sdcard . according to the linked article , this should work for any android phone or tablet . this solution is comparable to your " editing of fstab " . root external 2 internal sd is an app to swap the cards . from its description , it does the same as described in the previous point . there might be more solutions around , but these are the ones i have heard of . hope one of them can help you out !
seem to be an android bug . i found this in the android bug tracker . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=42520q=summary%3abluetooth%20type%3adefectsort=-starscolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
this system bar is part of android , and is used when the device does not have any hardware buttons to press . as such , it cannot be hidden . it should not , however , impact upon gameplay - this is an issue with the app , and you should contact the app developer to have it fixed .
some custom rom 's have a feature which will disable navigation bar and status bar , one well-known is paranoidandroid with it is feature " expanded desktop " . apart from that i do not know about any other ways to hide the navigation bar . new cyanogenmod-versions will also contain this functionality : https://plus.google.com/u/0/117962666888533781522/posts/dyssezeq8sf
brilliant app this - sharable . all others require internet and data costs - including bump . also there is no way you could transfer huge files ( full length videos or high quality clips ) via other apps . cross platform support is amazing . android , ios , mac and pc all supported . pretty fast as well .
there seems to be multiple options available . with a relevant internet search there is an application called bump which shares files by simply bumping both devices together . i am not sure if it does it over wifi if available or only does it over 3g . there is another option where you can set up an ftp server on the device using an application called swiftp which is not being maintained anymore but the last update was june 2010 . you can install this on one device and use es file explorer on the other device to compress and upload the file it using the ftp option . a third option would be use hoccer which probably uses their service as dropbox does , though i can not be 100% sure . i would personally recommend the ftp solution since that seems the most straight forward and you get to ensure that you have a direct connection .
wifi direct is supposed to allow device to device communication . it is a new standard that should be showing up on wifi device soon ( not sure when manufacturers will be supporting this ) . here is a list of devices that have been certified , not all phones . my guess is that when an app is released that takes advantage of this , there will be news on engadget or some other place .
i would suggest using dropbox . the interface let 's you upload or download files on an android device . additionally you can manage the files from any computer with dropbox installed on it . i have been a big fan of using dropbox on my droid 1 : )
how about good old ftp ? there are a lot of ftp clients ( some filemanagers support it , too ) and also some server apps ( e . g . swiftp ) .
the latest version of swype beta ( or at least the version before the most recent version ) is a bit more self-sustained . all i had to do when i updated was to go to the swype installer app . it had an update for itself . after updating , it then presented an option for me to update swype and stepped me through the process , including disabling , updating , and then re-enabling swype . now the old way of updating swyped used to be you had to uninstall the current version and it is installer , then re-install the installer , then re-install swype . it seems as if they have improved on this former method ( that often had me raging because it would not generate the license file correctly ) .
what do you mean " do anything that is connected to a network " ? like access //mycomputername ? connecting to a share on a computer connected to the same network is not part of wifi , it is another protocol called smb or cifs . android does not support connecting to cifs out of the box . there are apps that allow you to browse for files on network shares , like astro file manager ( with the smb plugin ) . there are custom roms that do have built in support for cifs , like cyanogenmod for example .
i found a free app that will track this information for you : call meter ng . i do not know if installing this app right now will give you historical data but it is worth a shot .
aha ! five minutes later . . . it is the setting in the google translate app . Settings - speech input - Spanish was set to Default Dialect . i set it to Spanish (Spain) and voice input now works on both devices in spanish in flight mode . it would be be nice if android was a bit less picky when it came to missing language data , like web pages work with fallback fonts . but , it works , quite well , and it is free !
you have not specified the android version , but on tablets the difference is generally because the system bar ( or " combined bar" ) is 48px ( specifically , 48dpi , but in your case that is 48 real pixels ) and the apps are only considering available screen space when they report the resolution : portrait = 768 x ( 976 + 48 ) = 768 x 1024 landscape = 1024 x ( 720 + 48 ) = 1024 x 768 some references : what is the true available resolution of a 10.1 android tablet ? asus tf101 tablet status bar steals 48 pixels metrics and grids ( from developer.android.com; explains why 48 dpi was chosen for ui components )
this would be the toolkit needed to help alleviate your bootloop . read the whole thread to fully understand what is going on . http://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-4/orig-development/toolkit-wugs-nexus-root-toolkit-v1-8-2-t2015469 you will be able to root your device , fix your problem , then if wanted you can relock your device or install a custom rom . i used this on my nexus 7 , when i accidentally wiped everything ( turned it into a paper weight ) . there were other ways to fix , but the toolkit is by far the easiest . hope this helps and good luck !
short answer : no . long answer : this is something set at a really low level and i have never heard of this as being something that can be modified . it is definitely nothing that can be resolved in a custom rom , maybe a different bootloader , but i have a feeling it is at a lower level than that .
a lot of sdcards are formatted as exfat ( extended fat32 - which is better than fat32 in a number of aspects for flash media , including support for larger than 4gb files ) . unfortunately , this is a licensed and proprietary technology and custom roms can not legally include support . if you have a card reader for your computer , you can use that to back up the contents of your sdcard . then you can right click on the drive in my computer and select format . select fat32 and let it do its thing . when it is finished , copy the contents back to the drive and put it back in your phone . if you do not have access to a card reader , then you will either need to use another phone to back up your content on the card , or possibly , see if you can still enable usb mass storage in recovery ( most likely under the mounts and storage menu depending on the recovery used ) . if you can not do either , then you can just format the sdcard from within recovery , which will put the filesystem to standard fat32 and make it readable in your custom rom , although , this will erase all the content on the card .
it turns out that the location or link to the external sdcard has moved from /sdcard/external_sd to /extsdcard , while the /sdcard/external_sd was blank . so i thought that the card was not mounted , but in fact it was .
itunes can never be found nor used in android phones . it is " only " meant for apple users . unlike apple gadgets , android only can manage the content of their phone via their phone only , there is no trick or there is no app available to do it just like what itunes does . that makes apple and android very different . i used both apple and android and the truth is , i love managing android more than apple , it is less complicated and i do not have to worry about syncing most of the time . samsung kies only is used for you to sync your phone to a computer , it will not do you anything else . you have a nice phone , galaxy note 3 , why not try to explore it and maybe you will realize it is much easier to use than your phone before ? :- )
you will not find a good " itunes for android " for your desktop computer , because android was designed from the start to eliminate that dependency on a desktop computer . an iphone uses a protocol that only itunes understands , so itunes is the only way to get music and photos onto it ( originally , you had to install apps through itunes too : there was no app store on the iphone itself . ) in contrast , android phones use mtp to act like any media player device , so they show up as a drive on your desktop computer . ( originally they used the usb mass storage protocol , but that approach had shortcomings . ) you can just drag and drop files onto the phone , or you can use a more specific piece of software . for example , if you want to put music on your phone , and you do not want to drag and drop files , there is a choice of music software that support syncing to non-iphone music players , including android phones . rhythmbox and clementine are two examples . similarly , if you want to put some photos on there , you can just drag-and-drop them if your folders are neatly organised on your desktop computer , or you can use a photo manager like shotwell or geeqie . in your question , you say : google could have an app that can handle the basic needs of an android user . i have not been able to find this . and the answer to that is that you have been looking in the wrong place ! if you want to organise your home screens and install , update , and remove apps , do not run to your desktop computer : the place to look is on your phone . all that functionality has been on android phones right from the start , so there is no need for a huge " manage my phone " program on your desktop .
most samsung apps will not work on cyanogenmod because they are touchwiz-based . cyanogenmod is aosp-based . you would need to flash a stock rom , or any custom rom that is touchwiz-based .
gift cards expire after a year of not being used , i think . to check their value go to buy an app , and on payment methods , the card will be displayed with the value underneath . then cancel out of buying the app .
according to the tos , google play gift cards never expire . you can view your balance by opening your google wallet page ( you can also view your transaction history here to figure out where your money went ) or by contacting customer care at 1-855-466-4438 .
restore via holo backup didnt worked at all . nothing happened on my phone no matter what kind of backup i tried to restore . restore via adb from commandoline worked . . . well not the full backup ! ! it stucked at an app called " tasks " . but backup only from app and system data worked fine ! so i just let google restore all my apps . apps and folders on the homescreen were restored . email ringtone too ( hangouts sms not ) . alarms were also restored . i just pulled and pushed my whole sdcard0 folder manually .
no they have jelly beans for ther nebula 6.9 and eon 6i but they are not palaning on making a rom to upgrade eon 5i . . and going for a custom rom that created for another brand /model is such a risk . and personally im think that jelly beans will not suit the eon5i bcs its lack of low internal memory however zigo technical crew is much friendly once i have soft bricked my 5i by system change . and though didnt had a rom bakup . and had go to service center they are very frindly and rooted by themself after resoftware . anyway if you need any help regarding rooting zigo come to my group and feel free to ask questions . im still learning about roms and methods . here is my group
i would suggest you should contact the manufacturer .
you can use a wii-mote if you have one as it runs off of bluetooth and can connect to your phone , all you have got to do is download an app from google play ( there is plenty of free ones ) and it utilises your phones bluetooth just make sure that the wii is not plugged in when the remote is turned on , and then providing that you are able to map out hard keys ( as opposed to touch screen buttons ) through the emulators settings , you can then use that as you would any normal game pad/controller
sure , you can create a simple alarm clock with llama . first , you need to learn the cell tower id of the location ( s ) you want to use . llama uses cell towers instead of gps ( by default , at least ) because gps is much more battery intensive . as long as each location is more than a few miles apart , you should be fine . second , you set up an event . for each location , you set up two events , one for entering and one for leaving . i suggest simply setting a llama variable when you enter , for example a variable called Location gets set to the name of the area when you enter , and gets cleared when you leave . next , set up your alarm events . you create an event , and have two conditions . the first one will check that variable to see if we are in the right place . the second condition will be based on the time , called Time Between . set the time-frame to be one minute . if you also want to care about the day of week , you can do that as a third condition . if both ( or all three ) conditions are met , then the action will be run . add an action to Play a Sound , Speak , Vibrate , or do whatever you want for your actual alarm . once you have your first alarm event created , you can long-press on it to copy it and make as many alarms as you want .
ah i managed to find out what the problem was . basically , these events were imported from an . ics file generated by a timetable builder website ( i am a university/college student , and the website builds your timetable for you if you key in the modules you take/plan to take ) . the classes that occur every alternate week are not saved as occurring every other week ; they are saved as occurring every week , with exceptions of the dates of the alternate weeks . i am not sure if google calendar officially supports this as i see no option to save a repeating event with exceptions manually , but after importing the . ics file , these events show up fine in the web browser in google calendar . the calendar app on android , however , does not recognise these exceptions , so they just show that the event occurs every week .
under Settings, Tethering &amp; portable hotspot enable the Bluetooth tethering checkbox . it may help that i have also just updated the bluetooth drivers on my pc , as i think but am not sure that i tried this earlier .
if you use windows , you should be able to right-click the bluetooth icon in your taskbar , and select the option to join an bluetooth network ( may be named different )
evernote : have you tried using evernote for this task ? it allows pictures and the editor is one of the best i have seen on android . bonus : the widget is top notch as well . you could organize all items in one collection into a single notebook . sorting by date and searching are possible ( searches should let you filter on certain fields as well ) . syncing with the cloud comes free , so you will not have to worry about losing data . you will also have access to the web interface when you are not near your phone ( gasp ! ) . all this for free ! this is a bit more of a thinking-outside-of-the-box answer , but not knowing exactly your use case and detailed requirements , it may be what you are looking for .
memento might be what you are looking for . some random relevant features : free 19 types of fields : – text , integer , boolean , date/time , rating , currency , image , audio , contact , google maps coordinate and others ; ability to create your own databases with custom fields synchronize to google docs ( spreadsheet ) password protection barcode scanner backup and restore permissions ( as of version 1.9.2 . ) location ( i would assume this is to input your current gps coordinates ) full internet access ( for synchronization ) read contact data ( i assume this is for sharing with other people ) modify sd storage ( probably obvious why ) mount and unmount file systems i like most the freedom to create your own tables and databases , although it is a bit tedious to get all the fields just right . google docs synchronization is a seriously powerful feature .
does barcode and inventory pro do what you are looking for ? it lets you define your own " categories " ( collections ) . items can be created from text , camera , gallery images , barcode scans , amazon . com products , and user-defined templates . you can sort by title , date created , price , quantity , or " marker " ( user-defined ) . it is currently $1.99 , but it does have a 3 week trial version .
there will be an su binary on the device usually in either /system/xbin or maybe in /system/bin . that is the minimum binary needed for root . there may also be an application called superuser . this allows applications to request root access and gives you the ability to grant or deny the request . samsung can check if the device is rooted ( not remotely ) , like if you send it in for warranty repair , but if it has been rooted , it will void your warranty .
as chahk galaxy s2 has a flash counter which counts how many times custom rom has been flashed . you can reset it with usb jig which works on every version of android . usb jig is a usb device which allows you to get into download mode remove the yellow triangle reset odin counter/reset custom binary counter more detailed information can be found at usb jig faq
id like to add to chanks answer that it is possible that even if you reset the counter ( or it has been reset ) using the app , there might be another counter which counts how many times the first one has been reset . it is not clear if this second counter does exist or not . if it does exist , as far as i know , there is no way to reset it .
most samsung android phones and tablets can be restored back to " stock " firmware via odin or heimdal tools . this wipes all traces of rooting or any other kind of system alterations , and in most cases is sufficient for sending the device in for in-warranty servicing to the carrier of manufacturer . however , with the galaxy s2 series of devices samsung introduced a hidden " flash counter " which keeps track of how many times such a tool has been used . a community developer actually found where this information is stored and created an app that allows you to reset the counter . unfortunately the app only works on ics ( android 4 . x ) right now . see this thread on xda-developers forum for more details .
try using buttonremapper to assign a specific function or even to disable it . be warned , though that this does not work on all devices and you need a rooted phone to use it .
in google voice app go to menu -> more -> settings -> making calls -> ask every time i make a call . now you will be presented with a pop-up asking to choose whether or not to use google voice for this call . it does not show the name or number you are dialing , but at least it will give you a buffer zone , a chance to cancel a call .
have you tried 3rd-party solutions ? call confirm app on the market seems to do exactly what you need . i just installed it and can confirm that it works in conjunction with other apps ( voice search , google voice , etc . )
since you are rooted , you might be able to bypass activation permanently by killing the phone dialer app . this involves removing ( or renaming ) Phone.apk . i can at least confirm that this works on a droid 1 . definitely make sure you have a backup made prior to editing your system this way . you can rename Phone.apk with an app like root explorer , or with the terminal app by mounting the system partition as rewritable . this also works if you have set up ssh : su mount -o rw,remount /system cd /system/app mv Phone.apk Phone.apk.old pm uninstall Phone.apk  that disables the cdma adapter and gets rid of the activation screen that always comes up on boot . it should also save you a little battery life too , since it is one less app , and one less adapter turned on . you might get an error when you rename the file , but after rebooting ( forcefully , if necessary ) everything should be fine .
from droid forums to bypass activation : reboot the phone , when the green android shows tap top left tap top right tap bottom right tap bottom left must be done every time you power on the phone
found another way to do this besides noah 's answer : simply touch the android , and select skip activation . ~ android central forums ( brought to you by google and chrome browser ) i have not tested this out yet , so let me know if it does not work so i can take this down and it is not a nuisance .
as the links in the comments are partly broken , i try to sum some things up here -- before the remaining links go to nirvana as well . global shortcuts browser shortcuts messaging shortcuts Press C to compose new message Press R to reply Press A to reply all Press F to forward  ( source : htc . com ) assigning your own shortcuts while on the home screen , you can quickly open an app or an item by pressing a keyboard shortcut . while on the home screen , open the slideout keyboard . press and hold any of the keyboard keys ( a ~ z ) . tap ok . tap apps or shortcuts , and then tap the app or shortcut that you want to assign to the selected key . if you are assigning a shortcut to an item on your phone , follow the screen instructions to proceed . while on the home screen , press and hold the key you’ve assigned a keyboard shortcut to . the app or item opens . ( source : htc . com )
i do not think there is a way to do this on an android device , but in the desktop contact manager there is a way . log into gmail in your desktop , switch to the Contacts view . under More select " find and merge duplicates . . . " . this will present a list of all the " duplicates " that google found . handily , you can check/uncheck which ones you want it to merge now , and which to skip . this assumes that all of the contacts that got slurped into your phone from skype and facebook got pushed up to google .
as far as i know you have to do it manually , by going into the contact , pressing menu , and then join , and select the contact you want to join it with
i did this a few months ago by downloading a third-party contacts app , using its ( much smarter ) merge function , and then uninstalling the app . i can not remember for sure , but i think the app i used was either contacts by contapps or go contacts ex . there is also contact analyzer 2 , but there are some reports of it deleting all contacts instead of merging !
it is widely believed that the nexus 7 's magnetic sensor works in an almost-identical fashion to ipads ' smart cover ; i could not find direct information about the n7 , but ifixit has a great teardown of the ipad smart cover that goes into detail of how it works . the nexus 7 has a magnetic sensor that can tell when a magnet of sufficient pull force is nearby . the sensor is located under the screen near the pogo plug on the bottom-lefthand corner , estimated to be 45mm up from the bottom left corner and 15mm in from the left side .
your magnets are probably in the wrong place . the nexus 7 's magnetic cover sensor is not along the right-hand edge , where the magnets that hold the cover closed are . it is in the bottom-left corner of the screen , about 2 cm from the left-hand rim of the device , and 4 cm from the bottom rim . put another way : with the device in the " camera-uppermost " orientation , with the stock home screen displayed , the icon at the left-hand end of the tray is in the right place . you also need a pretty strong magnet . most fridge magnets are not strong enough to trip the reed switch , but a buckyball will do it ( if you can still buy those where you are ) .
see the section on automatic aggregation of contact data in the using the contacts api from the technical resources on the android developers site . as the article explains : when a raw contact is added or modified , the system looks for matching ( overlapping ) raw contacts with which to aggregate it . it may not find any matching raw contacts , in which case it will create an aggregate contact that contains just the original raw contact . if it finds a single match , it creates a new contact that contains the two raw contacts . and it may even find multiple similar raw contacts , in which case it chooses the closest match . two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Parr, Bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Robert Parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Helen ["elastigirl"] = Helen Parr ["elastigirl"] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Bob Parr [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences (Bob=BOB=bob) and diacritical marks (H\xe9l\xe8ne=Helene) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , "(", ")" , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . the article then goes on to explain the various modes that an application can assign to the raw contacts that it creates . depending on the mode , the system will either : automatically aggregate the contact as similarities are found with other contacts . where similarities no longer exist , these aggregations will be removed . never aggregate the contact with any other . perform no further aggregation on a contact , even if that contact changes such that it would be taken out of an aggregate group . aside from this automatic aggregation , applications are also allowed to manually set up aggregate contacts . in these cases , the algorithm depends on the application . finally , you may manually join contacts in the people app by editing one of a pair of contacts , and selecting Join from the overflow menu .
no need to root or anything . you can just simply stop it being running by going to settings> application> viber> force close this will close all the services related to viber . but remind you , you have to force close it every time after you use viber . oh there is another way to do that . start viber , then close it . then open your multitasking window/history window by pressing the home button . you should see viber there at the bottom . long press on the screen-shot of viber . you should be prompted with two option , app details/info and clear from list tap on app details/info and click on force close this will do your job . hope that helps .
this is an official rep . of viber . due to the c2dm feature , you are always available on viber , there is not way to " log out " and " log in " . please note that if you " exit " viber , it will open again only if you get a msg or call . let us know if you have any additional questions . thanks ! viber team
i have viber on phone and tablet and it behaves differently . by default , no matter how you stop the service it always turns on when you receive message . on phone when i go to settings - general - turn off " show viber status icon " , and then i just exit the viber ( via exit or stop service or clean task manager ) i am really offline . all messages are received after i turn on viber myself . i can be offline for days . it behaves like this only when i turn off the viber icon . i guess this is a bug but i like it and hope it is not going to be fixed . i do not know if it is bug just for combination of my phone and android version or if it " works " like this on every phone . on tablet this does not work , viber cannot be really off .
afaik you can not stop the process in the background without unistalling it . you can logout from your viber account , then it will not display you any notifications
there is an app for this if you have root : greenify
you cannot create hard links across file systems , only soft links .
you can only hardlink inside the same partition/filesystem . it might help if you edit your question and include the steps you took ( i.e. . the commands you tried to execute ) . but from the phrasing it is quite clear you want to re-locate e.g. /data/dalvik-cache ( located on the /data partition ) to your sdcard ( complete different medium ) . this cannot be done with hard-links . i would recomment you take a look at root # all data2sd card . , link2sd , and s2e , which help you to offload a bunch of things . for more details , please also refer to our app2sd tag-wiki , which gives you a short description on all these methods .
there are different apps to change rendering effects , i think , and there is also an app to dim your screen way more if you are rooted : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.pruss.superdim otherwise , cyanogenmod does not have widgets for this . i think certain custom launchers ( such as launcherpro or adwlauncher ) have the option to create shortcuts to certain activities , so you could possibly add a shortcut straight to the render effects menu .
i reinstalled cm7 on a spare htc desire to check the procedure : long press on spare space of homescreen select " widgets " select " renderfx widget " choose color ( night , red , etc . ) place widget . results in a toggle switch widget :
as i do not use mms , i had to check first : looks like mms have a apn configuration separate from your ( normal ) internet apn . here are some useful ressources : how to set up internet and mms apn on android for any operator a youtube video how to : o2 uk apn settings for android iphone ipad just as an example showing you need both apns ( internet + mms ) -- if o2 uk is your provider , all the better : ) support : apn settings for data and picture messaging ( mms ) : android t-mobile quoting from the t-mobile link : when you receive errors trying to send picture messages ( mms ) or access data or the internet , confirm your android phone is set up correctly . this is usually a problem with device settings . which seems to confirm my initial suspicion : ) so if you let us know your provider , plus your current apn configuration , maybe we can give more detailled help . on the other hand , the easiest was would be asking your carrier for the correct apn data directly ( or visit his website , where they are probably held available -- as my examples from o2 and t-mobile show ) . a google-search ( for " mms apn" ) could also prove useful .
just to add closure to this question , i finally resolved it by downloading an Mms.apk from a different aosp ics build rom . it seems the one that came with the rom i am using has some issues . using the Mms.apk from another rom fixed it for me .
a lot of things : traffic : if your data plan is pay-per-byte ( or has a data cap/limit ) battery life : updating apps uses the processor ( which consumes battery ) . the new version of the program may have problems , bugs , etc .
also , you might want not to update apps automatically if you have a old/cheap device . on my htc hero , installing apps kind of takes a lot of resources and i do not want the device to slow down randomly .
the main reason why i will not use the feature is traffic . in germany , we have mostly traffic limitated flatrates . so after 250 or 300 mb of traffic or something like that , you will be forced to only use 2g connections for the rest of the month . because of that limitations , i only update my apps when i have wifi access somewhere around me .
i leave it off so that i can review the list of pending updates and see what changed . of course , that only helps for the apps that list changes in the market description . every once in a while , developers do release updates that are a step backwards- either because of introducing bugs or major redesigns that lose features ( astrid , i am looking at you ) . if you wait long enough before updating , then you may be alerted to that situation via comments .
sometimes a developer might release a controversial update : interface changed , ads added , or a lot of bugs were introduced and therefore you may want to hold off before upgrading ( or at least give yourself a chance to back up the apk ) . a good example of this recently was psx4droid .
everyone offers plenty of good reasons not to auto update so i will offer a solution -- use a good backup app such as titanium backup , and you can safely leave autoupdates on and manually revert to an older version if an app changes in ways you are not happy with .
one option : install adw launcher as your home application and set it as default from your home screen press Menu Button-&gt;More-&gt;ADWSettings to open adw 's settings select UI Settings-&gt;Main Dock Style-&gt;None to hide the bottom bar optionally , you can also select Screen Preferences-&gt;Hide StatusBar to hide the status bar at the top , which effectively makes your home take up the entire screen .
when you are chatting with someone , you already know that you are chatting . you can see messages as they come . you are already notified . so google talk behaves intelligently and reduces notification volume . - thats for your answer to get louder notification , the only way to fix this would be a custom rom with modified google talk app , where you can disable this feature .
google talk notifications are not always at low volume . they are loud when the chat screen is either inactive or when phone screen is locked/turned off . the only time when i see low notifications is when i am actually typing on the screen and the chat is active . i am running android 4.4 kitkat , so this might not be the case with other os versions , otherwise , the logic given in the above answer seems true . but if i receive a message in google talk while the application is not open , the notification sound is at full volume this is actually meaningful , is not it ? anyways , i have also used custom cm roms in the past , which has an app called dsp manager . setting the eq settings to a treble high gave me better ringtones and notifications volume .
there are so many out there so it is very hard to say . personally i have only used rockplayer . it is very good . plays all modern media files , functions very smoothly without any hiccups . another popular one that is been getting some traction is vplayer . i do not see much different between the two . . . vplayer is new to the game so the features are still coming . personally give them a go and see what you like best .
recommendation questions are not allowed here , but i will give this a shot because i have already encountered this feature . ezpdf reader supports this . assuming you have a table of contents ( toc ) , clicking on a chapter link will take you to a page far from the toc . if you click on the button encircled below , it will take you back to the toc .
if you used full-disk encryption , then your data will be accessible until the device unmounted the encrypted disk ( e . g . by rebooting ) and discarded the decryption key . if you store your sensitive data in encrypted container , then your data will be accessible until the application closes the container and discarded the decryption key . if you do not use any encryption , then your data is naked in the wild . many thiefs are simply interested to sell the phone to make a quick buck and so will simply reformat the phone ; but if the thief has a specific intent to steal your data ( e . g . corporate espionage , identity thief , etc ) , then you can assume that they can read all your unencrypted data . if your phone uses sd card ( instead of internal memory ) , then getting to your data in the sd card is trivial . getting data in internal memory took a little bit more effort , but is still relatively easy . a turned off device with full-disk-encryption is -- for all practical purpose -- a useless brick for your adversary .
in general computing , physical access to a device means all bets are off when it comes to security of data . a determined and knowledgeable thief is likely to either crack the protection , or at the very least copy the contents off the device to try and subvert encryption . there are several security packages on the market that can make this job a lot more difficult for the potential thief . these apps can remotely lock the device , wipe its data , and even attempt to " dial home " if the thief was careless enough to let it go online . this will deter most , but the very savvy ones . your best bet to safeguard sensitive data is to never have it on the mobile device in the first place . banking apps that store your login credentials , entering credit card info into web forms on browser , etc . are all points of vulnerability . in terms of damage control after the phone/tablet is stolen , it is always a good idea to have a list of accounts for apps that are installed , so that you can change the passwords asap . email , social network apps , etc .
as the other answers already state : physical access to a device means all bets are off when it comes to security of data ( from chahk 's answer ) . as this is already made clear enough , i will focus on some counter-measures with my answer . one thing to make it harder was already mentioned in lie 's answer : encrypting the device will make it harder to access the data . but there are several more things . if you e.g. leave usb debugging on , you make it easier for the thief to access your device , so it is a good precaution to keep that turned off . already named in several answers are several anti-thief apps available on the playstore . there is e.g. cerberus anti-theft ( one week free trial , then ~eur 3 ) which gives you a lot of possibilities , remotely controlling your device to locate and track it , set off a loud alarm , record audio from the microphone , and even remotely wipe the phone ( to destroy all stored data ) . similar functionality is offered by android lost ( available for free -- also see the video on that app 's playstore page ) . both are even using a " stealth-mode " , so a thief can not easily find and uninstall them . a good thing about android lost is you even can remotely install and activate it if your phone already is lost -- as long it is still online and connected to your google account . summary so in short and summed up : yes , a thief can get access to your data -- but there are means of making this at least very hard , or even limit the time frame he has for his " bad deed " . several things to consider on this background : do not store sensitive data on your mobile device in the first place , if you can avoid it . what is not there cannot be taken . chose secure apps which are proven to encrypt sensitive data ( and not store it plain-text ) . see e.g. viaforensic 's appwatchdog ( viaforensics is a forensic company which also keeps an eye on mobile security . andrew hoog 's book android forensics and mobile security gives a good insight on this topic ) do not leave usb debugging always turned on in your device consider device encryption consider using an anti-theft app such as e.g. cerberus or android lost ( there are several more with good ratings ) which also uses a stealth mode and thus is not easily found and uninstalled . in conjunction with this : act fast and wise if your device is lost ( e . g . first try to locate it before doing a wipe : it might very well be you simply forgot it on the kitchen table ) also do not forget the " obvious stuff": do not leave your andy alone on the pub table while going to toilet , for example : ) it is harder to steal it from clothes you are wearing then when lying around or being stored in a jacket hanging on the warderobe .
the app drawer is a part of the launcher app , so you can replace it simply by switching to a different launcher . just install a new launcher of your choice that works the way you like .
since this has been open for a week , i decided to post my workaround and the other details i found as an answer . mods , please do not close other similar questions , because this is not an actual answer , just a hotfix that might help someone later . just wanted to update : 1 ) found a workaround using the vlc player ( still in beta ) to open the files . 2 ) after going back to google basics and figuring out a better way to ask , it looks like it might be an issue with variable bit rates ; unfortunately , when i downloaded an app to fix that , it came back telling me that based on the file tags , it thinks they are constant bit rate and not variable . i am way outside my area of focus on this one , but tl ; dr is that the file on the device is not corrupt , as i can get it to play with the vlc app .
i have a similarly sized contact list and i have found that the voice dialer is both slow to load and slow to find responses on my moto droid ( on 2.0 , 2.1 and 2.2 ) . i stopped using the voice dialer and started using voice search ( aka . voice actions ) by saying " call jane smith mobile . " i have found voice search to open quickly and to find contacts quickly . both of those apps came preloaded on my phone and are from google . while i do not know the architecture of either app it would make sense to me that the voice dialer would be affected by the size of the contact list more directly than the voice search app .
firstly , data on your sd card will not be erased . then there is a chance , that your contacts are already backed up on google 's servers , so you do not loose them either . i do not know if the app will help . harddrives do not delete anything , they just stop indexing the files and then rewrite the sector with new files , but ( i am not 100% sure ) i do not think you can do the same with sd memory .
usb and bt tethering are available , provided your carrier has not modified android to disable them - some carriers charge a premium for tethering . contact your carrier to find out for certain . desksms is a great remote sms app . you can view , send and receive sms from any web browser on any computer ; the app then receives the request on your phone and sends the sms from the phone itself .
the nice thing about android is that there are many geeky apps available . some of them are even open source and free . so there are many different apps for your task . here are the ones i am aware of : android remote notifier project page - play store forwards and send text messages via bluetooth gtalksms project page forward and send text messages via xmpp other can be found in the related questions on android enthusiasts : how do i send sms from pc through android phone or to android phone ? how can i be informed through my computer if a new sms is received ?
you need windroid htc one x toolkit htc one x ( at least 50% charge ) windows xp - 8.1 usb cable read this xda thread this can help you . .
do not panic . try this : on your computer , browse your rom . zip file , there should be a file named boot.img at top level . extract it somewhere on your computer . plug your phone into your computer via usb cable . boot your phone into bootloader mode . ( power + volume down button for 5 seconds . ) at bootloader screen your phone should say FASTBOOT USB . assuming you know where your fastboot.exe is on your computer , issue this command in cmd: path/to/your/fastboot.exe flash boot path/to/your/boot.img after that restart your phone and see if it can boot into your rom : fastboot reboot
i have gone to the store where i have bought the pad and they change for other so that the one with the problems can go to the de asus support for changing the graphics chipset .
you can check whether your device is affected using e.g. bluebox security scanner . to close the vulnerability , your device needs root access . if that pre-condition is given , there are different fixes available , e.g. master key dual fix ( a module for the xposed-framework ) master-key security patch ( again a module for xposed ) rekey ( a stand-alone app )
yes , but you may need to flash a custom rom , i think that google chrome requires ics or better , but i am not sure , it may be specifically unavailable to your device or your devices stock firmware . if you would like a custom rom , then you will need to start by rooting your phone .
yes . according to the guide here on sideloading apps onto your kindle fire hd it should work fine . you will need to allow the installation of apps from unknown sources which can be done in the device menu . note that for certain apps , including chrome , that need a google account you will need to download and install the google framework and to reboot your device . i will provide a quick summary of the link that explains side loading : the first thing you need to do is install a file manager app . i personally use file expert , but you can use whatever works for you . next you need to get the app file . you can find it by searching on google : ( app name ) apk . so in this case you would search ' chrome apk ' , there is plenty of links from that . once you have those , navigate to the downloads folder with the file manager , and tap the . apk file . click install , and you are set ! you can find the app in apps> device , it will not be in cloud .
it is an very easy process . first make sure that you have the driver installed . if not install this simple driver http://downloads.unrevoked.com/htcdriver3.0.0.007.exe by downloading and running the file . after this unzip the ruu zip file you downloaded . you will see one pdf file and one . exe file . if you want you can read the instructions on pdf file . connect the phone and run the exe file and follow the step by step wizard . things to watch out for : make sure your phone has at least 60% charge . this process will take around 10 minutes to complete , do not unplug the phone until the wizard says the process is complete . your phone will reboot during the process which is normal .
install a terminal emulator , launch it and run : ps | grep 10058  ps lists the processes and grep filters for the id you want . but this only works if the application is running when you run the command .
in adb shell ( or terminal emulator ) use the following command : cat /proc/&lt;your_process_id_here&gt;/status  and look in the " name " field . this should be the name of the process . so in your case it would be " cat /proc/10058/status "
android assigns each application a uid ( user id ) at install time ; unlike pid ( process id ) which is transient and keeps changing all the time , uid stays constant as long as the application is not reinstalled . the uid should be unique to each application , except when the application explicitly requests to share a userid with another application ( there are security restrictions around this , the two applications must be signed with the same private key , i.e. comes from the same developer ) . these applications claims to show uid of applications : https://market.android.com/details?id=redfishandroid.appexplorer https://market.android.com/details?id=com.sayhello2theworld.te edit : try looking at /data/system/packages.xml ( you need root to view this file ) , each installed application should have an entry there . say , i have adobe reader installed in my phone : my phone have assigned userId="10034" to adobe reader . for applications that have requested to share user id with another application , say handcent : then the attribute you are looking for is sharedUserId="10064"
i am partial to twrp . the biggest difference i have noticed is that cwm requires you to either boot into recovery or use rom manager to flash a rom , while twrp allows any program with root access ( goo manager , rom toolbox , etc ) to flash roms . there are probably some other differences , but this was the big one for me .
it is possible you are confusing " lock screen " with " screen timeout " . lock screen will provide security to enter the phone . the display timeout will turn off the display to conserve battery . this seems to be the one to which you have chosen 30 minutes . on my phone this is the longest natural timeout for the display , though you can possibly exceed it ( i have ) with an automation tool like llama or tasker ( maybe ) . to disable the lock screen , see settings > security > screen lock , or possibly even the shorter path : settings > screen lock . select " none " to eliminate the need for a pin . you may have to provide the pin one more time to accept as a credential .
galaxy nexus goes by variants such as yakju , yakjuxw , and takju . however yakju and takju will receive updates directly from google . while the rest will be receiving from samsung or probably network provider . the difference between yakju and takju is that takju has google wallet while yakju does not . takju can only be purchased from play store . i assume the one being sold directly from google in the uk is the same one offered at play store which runs takju while the one on amazon runs yakju . in term of phone hardware they are exactly the same .
that is usually the INSTALL_SHORTCUT ( resp . UNINSTALL_SHORTCUT ) permission – which might be present multiple times , as it is declared by the resp . launcher . to find out yourself , just follow the links i have given : ) edit : as stated in their faq , xprivacy is no " permission manager " , but a " privacy manager " , and thus only cares for privacy-related permissions . installing shortcuts is one of those permissions it does not care for ( explicitly stated ) , so this is rather an unintended side-effect to be dealt with an update ( fix ) from the xprivacy dev ( s ) .
i have a targus bluetooth keypad that i can connect to my tablet/phone and use it as a number pad . it has a num lock switch so it can also be used to input up/down/right/left and pageup/pagedown . it however depends on your device if your onscreen keyboard vanishes when you connect to a bluetooth device or not ( my ics cyanogenmod9 does hide the onscreen keyboard ) . price is ok , i got that for around 15euro . not sure how the availability is at your place . just search amazon , et al . but be sure you get a bluetooth model and not one with a usb wireless adapter ( like most logitech accessory ) . ps : the media keys also work nicely .
you have not mentioned you vizio table version , but assuming that it is vizio 8 ( vtab1008 ) , i have contacted their support team , through the live chat : conversation log : evan : thank you for contacting vizio live chat , the home of entertainment freedom for all . this is evan in south dakota . have you ever contacted us before ? salustiano silva : nope ! evan : to better assist you , i would like to get you registered for technical support so i can log this case . could i start off by first getting your full address including city , state and zip code ( physical address , not po box ) , and then could you give me your serial number , date of purchase , purchase location , and price please ? salustiano silva : i do not know if my message was clear , but the vtab1008 is not mine , i am just trying to help out be asking you is such device support any sort of usb keypad devices . . . evan : there is a wireless android based keyboard that walmart carries salustiano silva : nice , a light at the end of the tunnel , can you point me in the right direction ? salustiano silva : i mean , there is many there . . . do not know the right one that actually works with the vtab1008 ! evan : let me check on this for you . salustiano silva : thank you very much ! evan : you are welcome evan : logitech bluetooth tablet keyboard for android model#: 920-003390 salustiano silva : checking it now . . . as per a more technical issue , using the wireless keyboard , the on-screen keyboard does not appear right ? also , ussing arrow keys , we can scroll what is on-screen , am i correct ? evan : that is correct . salustiano silva : thank you for your help ! i will go along and pass the message . evan : is there anything else that i can assist you with today ? salustiano silva : believe not ! if this works , its all good : ) tks ! evan : thank you for contacting vizio chat support ! if you need our assistance again in the future you can contact us by chat , email , and phone service . that information is found on http://www.vizio.com . case number is 2293020 . have a great day ! evan has disconnected . the product recommended is the logitech bluetooth tablet keyboard for android : can be found at : amazon - logitech tablet keyboard for android 3.0+ ( 920-003390 ) walmart - logitech bluetooth tablet keyboard for android reviews : android central | bluetooth keyboard review : logitech keyboard for android 3.0 tablets androidguys | logitech bluetooth keyboard for android 3.0+ - review as per the chat i am told that : the arrow keys can be used to scroll documents , web pages , etc ; the suggested wireless keyboard replaces the on-screen keyboard , thus allowing you to work with it on all the necessary input actions . i hope this helps you out !
what you are looking for is an overlay with buttons to do the job , from what i can find here , is this , over on xda . button key saviour . ( one caveat emptor - you need root - but that is xda for you ) if this does not do the job for you - please do let me know and i can program up an app that will show the page up/page down keys . so feel free to contact me anytime : ) edit : i have amended this answer to include the github linky to the source .
some keyboards like swiftkey have the option to place arrow keys on the keyboard , which will then allow for scrolling on web pages and such . they also have a free one month trial if you want to try it before you spend money : )
i also had problem extracting initramfs . cpio . gz , until i opened this file in editor and seen first 3 ascii letters ( the header ) in my case it was " lzo " , so i found proper soft to decompress " lzop -x " you can find it probably in every linux , for example knoppix has it maybe you will notice other header in your file , so you will need to google it or have a good guess good luck
you can find proper tools to unpack boot , recovery , system and data images here : mtk-tools thread of the author on xda developers , thank him : ) usage : ./unpack-MT65xx.pl boot.img ./repack-MT65xx.pl -boot &lt;kernel&gt; &lt;ramdisk-directory&gt; boot.img 
i am not sure about htc , but you can probably configure your google account in Settings &gt; Accounts .
you can block pop ups for all sites in the chrome setting however i still get those spammy pop ups even after blocking pop ups for all sites in chrome beta . . all those pop ups you get saying that " your device has virus " or " your device is running slow " are absolutely spam . those have no relation with your device . their main motto is to mislead audience and make them install malicious apps that can compromise the security of device . . but if you need some good security you can find plenty of them on the play store . you can go for 360mobile security which has a great detection rate and is free to download . or you can go for lookout that has a good anti-theft feature that is also free .
i can assure you there is no virus in your device . those pop-ups will just lead you to any application and games sites , dating sites , etc . internal pop-blocker of chrome will not help you in this case . i would advice normal browsers like uc browser mini and opera mini to get rid of the pop-ups . try them and you will see the difference .
for my samsung galaxy ace phone , i had to install samsungkies to be able to mount the sd card in the pc , didnt work alone . maybe is the same with you
you should be able to drop the rom image anywhere on the sd card and then use , for instance , rom manager to install it ; just open rom manager and select ' install rom from sd card ' and browse to where you dumped the rom remember to backup your existing rom before proceeding
easiest option is to shut the phone down , remove the sd card , and put it into an sd card reader in your computer . you generally have to reboot into recovery or a bootloader anyway , right ? typically the folder is /sdcard on the phone 's filesystem . if you can put the phone in " mass storage " mode ( as opposed to kies or mtp mode or whatever stupid your manufacturer does ) , it should just be the /sdcard folder . if you have to flash a recovery or a new bootloader first , you can flash from /data/local as it is supposed to be user-writable . if you have adb set up , you can use the adb push command .
yes , blocked contacts can still see your online status .
the prime uses a proprietary cable , but it supports a usb connection to a computer via that cable ( which you can see in this image from engadget which i posted in another question ) . the fact that the connector is not a micro usb port has no bearing on whether or not you can connect over usb ( see : every samsung tablet ) .
yes , it can . gsm and later phone protocols automatically adjust the phone 's transmit power according to the strength of the signal it gets from the cell tower . it is just like how , if you are talking to someone and you can not hear them very well ( because they are a long way away , or in a noisy environment ) , you will tend to talk louder or shout , but if you can hear them clearly ( they are right next to you ) , you will talk more quietly . the phone works the same way . of course , for the phone , " talking more loudly " means putting more power into its transmitter , so the battery will be drained faster . if you switch to a network that has cell towers further away from where you spend most of your time , your phone will be using more transmit power more often , so it will use energy more quickly . note that it is the received strength that matters ( i.e. . how much attenuation there is ) , not the quality of the signal , so you may find this happens even if you get a better signal overall . cell handover , when you move from one cell to the next one , also takes more power , and your new network 's better internet speed might be a result of having denser cells in your area , leading to more handovers . finally , the worst thing for a phone is being completely out of range , because it has to periodically transmit on the maximum power to try to get a response from a cell tower . ( this is why it is especially important to turn your phone off for a flight : once the plane gets out of cell range , all the phones will start blaring out as loudly as they can . ) it is possible that your new network 's coverage is much better at your home and your office , but during your commute , you have not noticed that you leave the service area completely , and so your phone starts draining the battery then . in summary , there are lots of factors , so it is hard to predict the effect of changing network operator , but it can have an effect . of course , that does not stop it being a coincidence in your case .
many other users experienced the same things however the suggested thing :- you may be satisfied by the provided solution . it is deep sleep related . please download cpu spy from the market , and take a look at % at a single frequency . reset the timers and immediatelly press on/off button to put the phone in sleep . after lets say one minute being in " deep sleep " , refresh the timers so you get the actual usage , and checked the deep sleep time . in gsm only mode , it will not almost one minute , as it should , maybe 30 secs . in wcdma you will get almost 1 minute of deep sleep . and this is the reason why the phone is draining the battery quickly . - says a user . check the thread below : http://www.modaco.com/topic/346890-gsm-only-mode-drains-battery-abnormally/
in my experience i found that a gsm internet connection consumed less energy than a wcdma . ( can not tell about lte , since the signal strength is insufficient in my area ) . so by having " faster " internet , this might be the reason for higher battery consumption . another possibility is signal strength . the stronger the signal you are receiving , the less battery is used . but since you spoke about having a stronger signal , this seems not to be the case . maybe you double-check if signal quality is also improved on wcdma , in contrary to gsm .
samsung 's kies software is the official way to download and install updates . these updates are released on different dates for different countries and networks and some countries/networks do not have all updates . it may be that your network has not tested and certified the update yet , or they might not be releasing this version at all . this page lists most of the official updates available via kies for the galaxy s2 i9100 phone : http://devsrom4android.blogspot.com/2011/10/samsung-galaxy-s2-firmware-updates-via.html
i know you do not want to add the birthdatr into your google address book , and that is fine . the method i use still require to put that info online , but what i did is i created a birthday calendar on gcal . i creates an entry for each birthday in that calendar and set a yearly recurrence . you can also set a reminder for each of them if you want to . and since it is a separate calendar , you can toggle it off or on at will . hope that helped or gave you an idea of what you actually want to implement . good luck : )
the only way is , to create a new unsynced calendar in your calendar app on android . but you have to create each birthday on your own .
you might want to try ebobirthday ( http://www.ebomike.com/android/ebobirthday/ ) . you can enter the dates manually . it can also import from facebook . hope that works for you .
install my new open source app birthday adapter : http://code.google.com/p/birthday-adapter/
battery app re-calculates the remaining battery based on the battery power currently being used ( mv ) and history . that is why you can do calibration to correctly measure the current battery status and range of it . in most case , battery power ( mv ) , it goes down from the top and it usually up and down within a small range but for overall , it goes down . but sometimes , the current mv is goes up and it is caused by 1 . battery usage forecast was wrong or 2 . battery is recovering its power again - for example , after cpu intensive task , the voltage could goes up 3 . the remaining percentage goes up if the battery usage is slower than the expectation ( it is not going up because it is not being used . even the screen is off , the battery is still being used ) . in this case battery app recalculate the percentage based on the current mv and trend that how fast battery mv is decreasing . if mv is increasing , then battery app will show like it is being charged . . . but actually its not being charged , instead battery app recalculates the mv decreasing speed .
whatsapp broadcast list may help you , i am not %100 percent sure but it says " you should use broadcast lists to message multiple people at once . " and as long as it is not group the others dont see the individual replies ( i think )
i used go sms pro with previous android . has an ad at the top of each screen unless paid for . good functionality .
maybe it is not the whole answer but two things seem to have made a big difference : one , my captivate was recently upgraded to froyo officially . the new youtube app seems to perform remarkably better . two , and this is the really interesting bit , i switched from wpa on 802.11g to wpa2 on 802.11n , and my wifi speeds went from ~200-300k to 4-5m . not sure exactly why but it is definitely something to consider if you see performance problems in an app that relies on the network . . .
some videos just can not be played on your phone because the bitrate ( or needed processing power ) is too high for your device . this might even happen in the middle of a perfectly working video , because it is using a variable bitrate ( which just rose above what is possible ) . that is why youtube can get slow as well for a short time . it only gives up when the processor is at near 100% and it starts missing a lot of frames . that is actually good design . apart from that , i think there might be some bugs in youtube yet ( but alas it is not an open sourced app ) .
no , the data should not pass through google servers unless you are viewing a site hosted by goolge .
actually the predictive search from the address bar sends the text you enter to google to provide the search predictions . for example , if you start to type " search " and get to " sea " it suggests " sears " , " seattle times " , " sean parker " etc . . .
i have a samsung galaxy s2 running the default 2.3.3 gingerbread and from within the phone/contacts app , selecting a contact and then scrolling to the groups section allows me to check and uncheck whichever groups i wish this particular contact to be a part of . naturally , make sure you are saving your contacts as " google contacts " and not simply " phone contacts " .
thus far , there appears to be no answer . the best alternative appears to be that you can log into gmail on a pc and add your new contact to an existing group . will change the answer to this question if a valid answer pops up .
the xda article how to - connect nexus 4 to xp like mtp device describes the steps needed for windows xp as follows : connect your nexus to pc . go to my computer> properties> device manager and double click on mtp device go to details and copy ( ctr+c ) info like ( usb\vid_18d1 and pid_4ee2 and mi_00 ) ( you can copy it from here too , if it is identically ) unplug nexus from pc . go to c:\windows\inf folder ( it is hidden ) find a file " wpdmtp . inf " and open it with any text editor ( notepad ) modify or paste ( ctrl+p ) what did you copy at step "3" as bottom i showed . save and close the file . connect your nexus to pc go to device manager and update mtp driver . tick chekbox " install the software automatically ( recomenden ) " on driver installation dialog and install driver . wait for a moment and you can see nexus 4 like an mtp device . now you should see the mtp device , and be able to transfer files to it . hope this solves your issue : )
you can fix android force close error by going through the solutions given in the presentation tutorial . find it here http://www.slideshare.net/stenaglass/android-force-close-error-fix i am hopeful that you will resolve your problem as i have already fixed it ! wish you best of luck .
this most likely a problem with the program itself . try sending in your issue to the actual developer team . also most likely you can say force stop on the application instead of deleting and reinstalling .
google voice is responsible for these ; they are sent by default . see in the settings : you can uncheck this box and google voice will refrain from sending you sms transcripts of your voicemails from then on . also note , unchecking the box above titled Email the message to: only prevents email transcripts , not sms ones .
using android 4.1 . x- go to the all apps screen ( not the home screen ) . hit the menu button and choose " edit " . press and hold the application icon you wish to relocate/edit/rearrange . dragging the icon to the extreme right or left sides of the screen switch to the next/previous tiles . hope this helps :o )
well , as @ izzy said , it is the app drawer . that is the place where all your installed app icons shown . so , about your problem , there are two ways you can solve it . you can either go to a third party app like izzy said or customize your stock app drawer ( which comes originally with your phone . go launcher ex , appdrawer ( miui app drawer ) and color app drawer pro are good apps . on the other hand you can find the sort icon in your app drawer ( the green arrow ) and select own order . with that , you can arrange your app icons as you wish . you are allowed any number of drawer shelves ( pages in the app drawer ) .
there is an easy method . go to notification panel by swiping from top to bottom . you can see all missed calls
you could change the way the logs are " viewed by " . go to logs--> settings--> view by--> all logs . if it is already on all logs , then quite possibly the logs are full , try deleting some or all of the logs .
go to logs , press Menu , select View by , then select All logs .
this problem is quite known for sometime for touchscreen devices . most of the times this happens when the screen is under some pressure during touchscreen recalibration after being woken up by the incoming call ( maybe being inside pocket , etc . ) . the only solution for you is to disable the option , power button instantly ends call by going into Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; System if your screen becomes unresponsive to a call , just press the power button ( to lock your screen ) , press it again and unlock the screen ( with your pattern or pin , etc . ) then you will be able to answer the call . this solution is applicable to any situation where the screen is unresponsive .
as far as android sdk documentation goes : hence theoretically speaking , if the app developer had used appropriate methods this app should work normally . in that sense , i do not think you have any better way other than reporting this to the app developer . rooting your nexus 7 does not going to solve this issue - in my opinion . update : i sent an email to the support team of the app developer quoting this question . i received a reply as : Thank you for your information. We have filed the issue with engineering team. We'll try our best to fix them ASAP.  which in my opinion supports my assumption .
as the question already is answered with the line of comments to it , i will take the freedom to sum up the details to make them easier to find : what is dban ? my first point was that i never heard of dban before , so i had to look it up . luckily , my first hit was wikipedia ( which article i linked here ) , and it answered this question quite compactly : the program is designed to securely erase a hard disk until data is permanently removed and no longer recoverable , which is achieved by overwriting the data with pseudorandom numbers generated by mersenne twister or isaac . so we are not talking about some " remote attack " destroying your device , but a willful wiping of the " drives " . what could dban wipe on an android device ? this question was answered by eldarerathis and gathrawn in the comments : unless there is an android version of dban which can be executed directly on the device , dban is limited to the sd-card and internal storage ( the storage devices offered to the computer via ums ) . it cannot access e.g. the /system partition for two reasons : 1 ) it is not made available via ums , and 2 ) it is mounted read-only ( unless the device is rooted , and you explicitely mounted it read-write -- which cannot be done without rooting ) . similar reason ( not made available via ums ) applies to all other partitions . so what about restoring the android system ? nothing . no need for this . as described in the previous section , dban at maximum can access two of the data partitions . but it cannot access /system ( where the android system resides ) , /boot ( where android is bootet from ) , or even /data ( where your apps and their data reside ) . since nothing is lost from the android system itself -- there simply is nothing to restore , it is all still there .
go to start . type device manager . do you see some icon with a yellow triangle exclamation mark in it ? if so , you probably did not install any drivers . install the samsung usb driver or the google usb driver .
i was having trouble with the original pre-installed " music " app on my droid x randomly playing music even though i never used the app . i tried factory resets , updates , cache wipes , data clears , everything i could think of . the only fix i found was to root the phone and use titanium backup to " freeze " the music app so that it no longer functioned . it is possible that music has latched on to one of your podcasts the same way that mine latched on to a song . note : this is not the new google music service and app that uses the cloud . this was the original google music app that came on the android phone . shame on google for re-using the same name for two different apps , and both buggy .
it is entirely up to the app what links to handle . if the facebook app is not written to handle the " unusual kind of link " you describe , you can not make it handle it .
UnifiedEmail is a library shared by both email and gmail applications . " email " here being the aosp email client . an example would be enter subject in an email and here is an example of someone importing that functionality into a project . this is the actual wording of the readme , which to be honest , is not the most helpful ( hightlighting my own ) . it is ambiguous ( to me at least ) whether it is an actual application you install with a shortcut , as the manifest appears not to add it to the launcher , i can only assume it is for testing , not to be used as an actual app in the traditional sense . this is a temporary directory that is being used to enable email and gmail content to be shown in the unifiedemail application this code should only be used for development . for shipping , this code ( or something similar ) should go in the gmail/email overlay of unifiedemail . but for now , this allows us to use a single application to test multiple content sources this code is just a shim to register existing accounts ( gmail and email ) from the device with the accountcacheprovider . all subsequent uris will actually be handled by the appropriate application .
auto sync should be enabled for checkboxes to appear . without auto sync on , the checkboxes did not appear .
this may depend on the tablet , but as far as i know anything with honeycomb and an hdmi output will simply mirror the screen when plugged in . my motorola xoom , for example , will mirror everything on the screen to a tv when my hdmi cable is plugged in . i can use it for app demos and the like at work just fine , so what you are looking for is ( from a purely technical standpoint ) possible . saying that it will work on every device would a very broad and presumably incorrect generalization on my part , though , so i would assume that i cannot accurately apply this rule to every device out there . you will probably want to look at the specs for specific devices before you purchase one , and ask a retailer ( or a manufacturer , if necessary ) about it is video output capabilities . on top of that , there are also some devices like the galaxy tab 7 which support composite output via a special connector cable . this also mirrors the screen , as i recall , but i do not know of any other devices that support composite hookups offhand .
have you tried using vplayer ? it should handle any mp4 , avi , divx , etc . video that you throw at it , without the need of converting it .
sorry , have not updated this in a while . since i was only using the free 2gb microsd bundled with the phone , this was causing the problem . so i purchased a 16gb , this fixed the issue . thanks !
each slot refers to a specific clock speed that your phone 's kernel allows ( in your case , 400mhz to 1.1 ghz ) . therefore , these clock speeds can vary between different kernels ( different values or even more slots ) . in the case of the droid x or droid 2 , you are stuck with the stock kernel due to the locked bootloader . i am more familiar with using setcpu . setcpu lets you manually choose which clock speeds you want your phone to run at . you choose a min clock speed , a max clock speed , and how you want it to scale ( ondemand , performance , etc . ) . you can also setup profiles with setcpu that allows your phone to run at certain clock speeds under certain conditions . for example , you would want to lower you clock speed when the phone 's screen is turned off . you may also want to lower the clock speed when your battery is below a certain battery % to try and pro long battery life as long as possible . if you are wanting to conserve more power , set the clock min and max clock speeds low . if you are wanting better performance , then set them higher . on my phone ( droid 1 ) , i use an undervolted kernel and typically run at a 250mhz min , 600 mhz max clock speed to conserve battery . if my answer does not fully answer your questions , leave a comment and i will try to help you further .
according to this forum thread and this bug report , it seems that there has been a regression regarding usb modes in the kernel used in 4,3 ( the version that you posted ) . it seems that there is a problem with that kernel specifically , but nothing else in the rom , that breaks usb host mode in some cases . there are a few possible solutions : flash a different android version . an update to 4.4.2 should fix things ( as it did for you ) . flash an alternative , third-party kernel and try your luck . you mileage may vary .
look under settings > wireless and networks . you should see a vpn option . assuming you already have a vpn server running on your ubuntu machine , it should be pretty self-explanatory from there
i asked the same question over on ask ubuntu and someone suggested it was a dodgy usb cable . i am kind of speechless , but indeed , swapping the cable solved my problems . now when i plug my phone in to a usb port , i get a little notice that the usb is connected . onward .
it is for installing vpn and ssl client authentication certificates that you use to access vpns or web servers that use certificates as logon credentials . it is fairly rare to need to use credential storage for the majority of droid users . if you do not possess any digital certificates that identify you , it has no value to you . ( found in some forum )
there no official upgrade of 4 . x . x for samsung s5302 . however you can install custom roms like cyanogenmods to upgrade your phone . but you need to root your phone before installing custom rom . check this out custom rom for galaxy y duos lite gt s5302 also this : cyanogenmod 9.0 [ ics 4.0.4 ] for galaxy pocket
you need to get kies . download it , install it and let it do its job . it will install all the drivers that you need to connect your samsung gs3 to windows .
i had the same problem but on windows 7: phone was charging ok but not recognized as external device . i suspect an update of android version is the reason . i found this solution on the internet and it worked in my case : power off your phone power on the phone in download mode ( volume down + home + power ) press volume up to continue in download mode -> you should see an android bot and some informations about your os ( rooted or standard , . . . ) plug your phone into your computer using your usb cable windows should now discover it and load the driver ( from windows update ) power off your phone power on the phone ( classically this time )
simply put , no . web pages are complex to the point where it is effectively impossible to determine what bits are necessary for the page to be usable , readable , maintain the right order , etc . for an arbitrary page . when you couple this with poorly-coded websites containing errors and the like it becomes quite a mess . this is why the two things you mention are not perfect .
if you use google reader to read the webpages on your mobile , you can use its " settings " to have outgoing links to reformat linked web pages for mobile browsers . it works quite well for most webpages .
" project butter " is google 's name for the ui latency enhancements implemented in android 4.1 jelly bean . any android device running android 4.1 or later will have those enhancements . remember , though , that software is only part of what makes an interface smooth and 4.1 is not a cure-all for lag . slow hardware will result in a slow ui regardless of the os . your best bet is to find a tablet with 1 ) 4.1 or higher , 2 ) good specs , and 3 ) good reviews of its performance .
the stack exchange sites provide a " mobile " link in the footer that will give you the mobile layout . it should work regardless of your browser 's settings or which browser you happen to be using , so in that sense it is actually a very portable solution .
you can solve this issue either from the android side or from the windows side : from the android side tap your device " menu " button , and select " settings" ; tap " wireless and networks" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " advanced" ; tap " use static ip" ; fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " save " . from the windows side open the dns management ; add a new forward lookup zone for the google dns and set a host a record to your local ip .
this is really a continuation of @zuul 's answer , to cover the dns settings in android 4.0+ ( ics ) , which is a little harder to find imo . afaik zuul 's answer covers android &lt ; 2.3 settings . from the android side ( android 4.0+ ics ) settings wifi ( click on word " wifi " , not on/off switch ) press and hold ( long tap ) your wireless network until dialog pops up select " modify network " check " show advanced options " checkbox at the bottom switch " ip settings " to " static " fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details tap " save " ( whoever made long-taps a standard interface feature is a dummy ! )
well okay instead of using recovery , i just followed the command line instructions in the rom zip file which goes as and the new system was installed suprisingly .
is contact syncing enabled in settings/ ( accounts ) /corporate/ ( your exchange account ) ? view one of the contacts and go to menu/edit . at the very top , does it show that it is attached to the exchange account or the google account ? if it is the google account , you need to make sure to select the exchange account when adding the contacts . if it does show the exchange account and syncing is enabled , edit your comment to reflect this for further support .
acccording to this xda thread , it does not support glonass they ran gps tests on both galaxy note and htc one x , the former of which does officially support glonass ; and the former showed 2x the amount of detected satellites .
as the link you provided mentions , " printer manufacturers can use new apis to develop their own print services — pluggable components that add vendor-specific logic and services for communicating with specific types of printers . " this means that the printer manufacturer has to supply an app to enable direct printing over wifi . without this , cloud-based services like google cloud print are you only options .
as you described the app icons are placed at the end of the list , the most likely reason lies in the order of things done during the boot process : the sdcard is mounted after the system broadcasts its BOOT_COMPLETED event , so apps moved to the card become visible later than those installed on device storage . with a little unlucky timing , the app drawer is already initialized before mounting of the sdcard is completed , so those apps are added afterwards , and thus to the end of the list ( as it , btw , is probably done as well with apps you install ) . there are multiple solutions to this : of course , you can move those sdcard-installed apps back to device storage , but that is not always an option ( especially with only little device storage available on some devices ) . alternatively , you could simply check a different launcher , as not all launchers behave the way described . many launchers i have tried automatically sort the app drawer , so even when i have just installed a new app it appears normally in alphabetical order .
absolutely . well . . . almost . just make sure you set the partition from rewritable to read-only once you are " unrooted " . however , once you are unrooted , binaries like su and the superuser apk will in all probability removed , so you will in effect be dropped to a lower privilege level . this will have the side-effect of having the apps installed in the system partition as being uninstallable . a workaround is to remove/uninstall apps from the system partition , remove root and then add the apps as user apps - this will ensure that they can be updated in the future without the need for root .
i have since found that this is neither a push message nor a cell broadcast . i disabled both , yet still received these . one of the two was already disabled by default , can not remember which . apparently by inserting the sim card , i got an " app " called " mts menu " . this is the app that shows the messages . using app master , i found that this app comes from /system/app/stk . apk : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; " stk " appears to stand for sim application toolkit , basically a feature of sim cards that enables operators to bundle " value added services " , aka bundleware/crapware . it is really stupid that android comes not only with this feature enabled , but also makes the source of these pop-ups very difficult to trace .
the backup is held on your old phone . you would need to be able to switch it on to be able to retrieve it . if you get it switched on its simply a case of copying the whatsapp folder from the old device to the new one , opening whatsapp and allowing it to restore messages from the backup .
well , i have solved the issue , though i have no idea why or how it occurred . what i did was flash the rom , including reformatting the internal storage . in the process , i have updated the tablet to ics . i will not accept this answer right away because i am not sure if someone might have experienced this recently and knows a bit more about it than i do .
i am facing the same issue with my vox v81 tablet . i formatted its internal storage and did a factory reset . but when i rebooted it , it came to its previous state . i suppose that it is due to the avast mobile security i installed on this tablet ; after installing avast , this problem started . so i suggest you to uninstall any antivirus or mobile security application .
should be an hardware issue . in my case was the oxidation of the motherboard cause by the sweat cuase i kept the phone on my arms while i was running .
thanks everyone for your feedback . in my case , there seemed to be no coming back from the dead . tried the rice , tried a new battery , tried a hard reset . nothing fixed it . ended up getting a new phone .
it is supposed to represent a hearing aid , and it means that hearing aid compatibility is enabled . afaik , this basically just increases call volume to make it easier to hear . it should go away if you go into the call settings and disable the hearing aid option . it'll either be something like Settings-&gt;Calls or pressing the menu button on the dialer to get into the call settings ( i think it varies some ) . supporting source , second source
for the galaxy s3 , this indicates that the telecoil mode ( aka t mode or electromagnetic coupling ) is active . as eldarerathis mentions , this is a type of hearing aid comparability . it involves using the speaker coil in a specific manner to inductively couple with a compatible hearing aid . in this mode , the hearing aid shuts off its microphone and receives audio only from the phone , effectively eliminating background noise and giving better performance than just using the hearing aid to pick up and amplify the phone 's normal audio ( which is known as m mode or acoustic coupling ) .
i am not sure where you got those figures from , they seem a bit too good to be true . 370 hours is next to impossible for li-ion batteries ( when they are attached to smart phones ) . 370 hours is more than 15 days . as of 2013 there is no android powered smart phone that can last in standby for more than 15 days . it does not cost a ton of battery to be connected to a cell tower , but over hours and hours of being connected , it adds up to be a lot . plus add in a ton of background processes to the mix and you have yourself a battery eating machine . and your figure is not really practical anyway because i could not think of anyone who could let there phone sit on standby for 15 days without using it . i know 2 people who have the s4 and both of them said that they can not get more than 2 days out of their charge with practical use . so to answer your question , there is not a big difference between the two , but the s4 does come with some nice software to help you make the most out of your battery with practical use : if i had an s4 i would definitely check this out because if you want to get the most out of your battery , this " smart screen " is a great start . from wonder how to i think that this is the article you were referencing . this artical states that the " average " battery life is 57 hours : now 57 hours is a more manageable number . i was interested in how the s3 did in the same test . here are the results : now all of that said , the difference between the two is only 14 hours . 14 hours is a great improvement for samsung 's next s generation phone . do not always believe things you see on the net = )
you are comparing usage time with stand-by time and talk time witch is incorrect . first of all you will never get a clear answer when comparing battery consumptions , not even when you compare 2 identical phones , because for you may by talking is a priority and for another browsing the internet , and when you would compare battery life with him there will be a very big difrence . now talking about general battery consumtion , for the this example assume that exactly the same operations are done at a point of a millisecond . now what you have failed to mention , and it is one of the most important thing , is the screen size . you will find that the screen size is one of the biggest power eater that you have on a phone , the bigger it is the more it will eat . to answer your question ( partially answer it ) may by the phone with the 2600mah has a smaller screen then the one with 2000mah and it is normal to see such a big increase in battery life . then there is the software . witch even tough they are all android device the way that they handle things when you close the screen is different from manufacturer to another . and again that can be a diference to , a very big actually . one more thing , you are comparing usage time with stand-by and talk time . witch both require the screen to be off , while usage time requires the phone to be on and allways use it like send a email , open a photo , then send a tweed , etc , that is usage time . now keeping that in mind we cannot make a decision for you if it is a big difrence or not , you will have to take a decision by your self , but one thing is for sure , do not compare usage time with stand by time .
as you already figured out , there is sshelper hosting its own .apk . but you might also wish to check with f-droid , and find out there are even more sshd 's to download without using google play store . edit : as it turns out , i was not aware f-droid also features forums , and the above are only forum links . to compensate : you can also find some ssh server apps on 1mobile , e.g. ssh server . the website allows you to simply download the .apk from your browser , no login required . other than with f-droid , i am not sure concerning their reputation , though . apart from that : in my experience , it is always worth checking the resp . dev 's website , where they sometimes host their own .apk files for download . if not , asking them helped me as well : )
answer : i was using the cable that samsung provided with the phone solution : go get a usb&lt ; > miniusb cable that was provided with a digital slr a few years back and use that instead . the s4 now appears in the adb output and in kies just fine . &lt ; sarcasm&gt ; thankyou samsung&lt ; /sarcasm&gt ;
if using a better cable does not work be sure to enable the usb debugging feature under developer options > debugging
as liam already pointed out , there is no danger involved for the developer . if one wants to grab the .apk for distribution , that is easily possible using apps like appmonster , which can back up the .apk file to sd card . no extra protection from google 's side -- except users might feel more safe installing it from a " trusted source " ( and they are right about that at least when it comes to unknown/new devs , as the google bouncer adds a protection layer against malware , see android and security ) . in fact many developers hold their apps .apk files available on their project site for good reasons . one you already mentioned in your question : playstore might have ( temporary ) problems . moreover , not all devices are able to access the playstore ( and thus could not use your app if it would be available only there ) . another good reason would be to provide " beta versions " this way , so as a dev you can get early feedback without running the risk of negative feedback on the playstore . to sum up : at least for free apps , i would even recommend to keep a direct download link to the .apk available , if possible .
there is nothing dangerous about it , and this is done occasionally when the store is not accessible . in response to your second question , apks are not unique - and can be easily transferred to another device , or the internet . this is the base of android app piracy . when you upload the apk to google play , gplay does nothing to it . it is up to the developer to obfuscate the code , to prevent decompilation .
as noted in the comments - this is just the launcher you are running . there are many different launchers you can try which may look slightly or completely different . some good launchers to try are : chameleon go launcher nova launcher tsf shell
essentially , you can not . this feature was removed from the 4.0 version of google talk , and is discussed somewhat in the android police review of the changes from 2.3 to 4.0 . there is no setting that will bring back the icons . however , when you have a chat open with someone ( provided that they do not have a custom status message set ) it will inform you at the top if they are on a mobile device : my hunch would be that google does not really want you to care about this when you are on your phone . they want the google talk app to be as seamless and integrated as possible , and they want you to use it regardless of what device the other person happens to be connected with at the time .
check what input methods your device has by following the screen shots- you should be able to see all installed keyboards by following the guide , and select the one which suits you . or if you do not have much options there , install a new keyboard input method from market or install swype beta by registering here .
this problem was resolved by upgrading to ice cream sandwich
there will only be problems if you rely on background services to do processor intensive tasks . for example , on an older android phone , music running in the background would skip when the cpu was set at a low enough clock rate . so to answer your question , only if it is noticeable to you .
i believe its being caused by a certain combination of buttons at the bottom of the screen . i have not found a workaround , but here is something you can do to , at least not to store images ( its not much , but something ) . it creates a directory " screencaptures " to store images in ; if you delete it , it will be simply recreated . so , instead , in the same directory , create a file with that name . every time a screen is captured , it will complain that it cannot be stored , so at least you will not have to worry about deleting those images .
you should be able to do this from the settings of the camera app , rather than the system settings .
gmail app did not have this option yet . you can try this app . its called contacts GroupU . it will list all groups and just press and hold on any group and select send Email . then there will be a pop up with Gmail app listed in it . select it . you are done .
aha ! ok i am no where near a cellular expert but based on a wild guess i searched for carrier apns and found here a list of apns per carrier per country . i guess these are always required but somehow cyanogenmod is not configured to determine these codes automatically . while this may help others facing the same problem , i hope someone with real insight shares the knowledge
you do not need to root your kindle fire for this -- as long as the following source is still valid : install android marketplace and google apps on amazon kindle fire . as that howto speaks about " android marketplace " ( and not " google play" ) , it may not be up-to-date -- but i doubt the change of the name affected the procedure of installation . a more up-to-date tutorial is install android play store on amazon kindle fire - the easiest way , but that involves rooting the device . maybe it has to do with the framework and a newer android version , which makes rooting a necessary step . edit : you may also want to take a look at these video tutorials : how to install google music / play on your kindle fire ! and gapps on kindle fire without rooting . looks like you can still have google play installed this way without rooting .
the necessary . apk files for google play store , services framework , etc . , must be installed in /system/app and doing so requires root access . so , you must root the kindle fire in order to do so . however , you do not have to leave the kindle fire rooted . after you have installed it , you can always unroot the device ( though i am not sure why you had want to do that ) .
google supports photo syncing , but you can disable this . if you have google+ installed , disable auto backup . open the app 's settings , and go to Auto Backup &gt; OFF . disable google photo sync . on your phone 's settings , go to System settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; username@gmail.com &gt; Sync Picasa Web albums . make sure sync is disabled . update 2013-11-22: as per damien golding , it is also worth noting that the settings of the camera must be checked . in his case , google photo sync was on in the Albums setting .
just few minutes before i again rooted my lgp500 running v2.3.3 stock v20d . i used superoneclick v2.3.3 and rooting was just a cake walk . i charged my phone fully and installed lg 's drivers and enabled usb debugging support . in the superoneclick 's ui , i just clicked root and waited for few tense minutes . phone restarted automatically and after that the ui said rooting was successful . it is not clear what you ask about booting , i just switched on normally and phone works normally . update : found a link as asked . . .
the easiest way availaboe to you is using a third party app . i found my backup pro ( there is a free version as well ) which seemed promising . you can also search he market for settings backup . i use an system app provided by the manufacturer which is called backup and restore . i will give them if the mentioned solution does not work for you . the reason im asking you to go with the first app is that the manufacturer 's system app is highly unlikely to work properly ina device other than the one is originally made for .
( if you have got adb enabled on your tablet and installed on your pc , skip the next two paragraphs ) if you have only been replacing apks , you will need to enable developer settings ( settings -> about tablet -> scroll down to " build number " and tap seven times ) . then , go back , and into the developer options panel , and scroll down to the " debugging " section . enable the " android debugging option " , and plug your tablet into your computer . you will also need the android sdk . after installing it , navigate to the sdk folder , then the ' tools ' subdirectory and run ' android ' . you will need to wait for it to load , and then check the platform tools package . click install , agree to the license , and it will install . open up a command prompt/terminal ( windows : win+r cmd , mac : launchpad -> ' other ' -> terminal , linux : you know how ) , and navigate to the folder your sdk is located in using cd ( i.e. cd C:\Users\bobby\android-sdk or cd /Users/bob/android-sdk ) . then , run platform-tools/adb devices . it should show up your tablet . if it does not try unplugging your tablet and repeat , and then try double-checking that you enabled usb debugging . now , simply run platform-tools/adb logcat , and run the misbehaving apps on the tablet . you should see lots of lovely stacktraces and whatnot .
i doubt that there is one one and that there will be one in the ( near ) feature . a look at stackwrap4j , the only java stackexchange library that runs on android , shows that the body ( the content ) of a post , which can be a question or an answer , is returned as plain string . the tex equations are just included as plain tex in that string and get rendered on the client side by the browser . so , for example , droidstack would need a tex library that parses the tex code and returns a picture with the compiled tex . and i am not aware of such a library for android .
i took a chance and bought a 32 gb card , class 4 . it works . i believe it is a zap or something . this post suggests 32 gb cards work . i would rather someone on this site said so though .
acording to the specs here gsm arena : sony ericsson xperia x10 the x10 can take up to a 32gb microsd card .
sounds like the sdcard is corrupted so other than trying to use a data recovery tool via usb from your pc to your phone to recover it it looks like you will have to either 1 ) format the sdcard storage via the settings or 2 ) do a factory reset both resulting in losing all the data on the sdcard , sorry :' (
as previously mentioned it is from go launcher . there is , however a setting to disable it . go to preferences and there should be an option to disable the christmas animation . i can no longer find it in mine but i do know it was there when the animation was appearing .
welcome to the club -- it is from the launcher , i have got that one as well since about that time . as golauncher also started spamming my notification area , i used lbe to forbid it going to the network , which worked fine -- but the xmas stuff stuck since then . so , common issue : golauncher not going to the net ( i forbid it , and you do not have network connection often ) . solution : enable network once again , update the golauncher . at least here , santa seems to be gone .
there are a number of alternative on-screen virtual keyboard replacement apps on android market that support hindi and marathi languages . most should work on all recent android os version ( 2.2 and above . )
try using " unlockroot " software it roots and also unroots easily probably any phone i think
there is a post on droid x forums that links to this video that provides a seemingly simpler way to root your droid x with 4.5.621 . see those pages for downloads !
the kernel on your device is tied heavily to the version of the android operating system you are running . sony releases your phone with the " stock rom " ( think a " stock " car in stock car racing ; no customization , just as-is from the factory ) , including the stock kernel . normally , your kernel would be updated when the operating system - your " rom " - is updated . this would be the only way to get an official ( from sony ) upgrade , and so the only way you had get one supported by sony . i point this out only to remind you that installing a kernel as described below will possibly void your warranty , as the changes are not tested or condoned by sony , and may operate your device outside the intended limits , or possibly render it useless . what you find on kernel . org is the human readable kernel source code for not only smart phones , but computers and all devices using the linux kernel ; such as android tablets , tomtom navigation systems , or linksys routers . the version you find on your phone has been tweaked specifically for your phone , with all the drivers needed to make things like the touchscreen and camera work . most likely you will not be building a kernel yourself from the source code , but doing one of two things , instead : downloading a kernel built by someone else , who may have used a combination of the newer sources on kernel . org , and the drivers and settings from the kernel released by sony . this would be installed over the top of your existing kernel on your phone , and to you , the phone would appear the same- think a windows upgrade that changes things behind the scenes with little or no noticeable changes to the user . a popular feature in custom kernels is overclocking ; this runs the phone at a faster speed than it was originally designed , but will probably decrease the life of the phone itself , as overclocked chips run hotter than intended . the risk is something you should research for yourself ; i personally slightly overclock both my android phone and tablet . downloading a custom built version of android built specifically for your phone . some of these custom roms are extremely similar to the one sony releases , including maybe the same kernel , or possibly the same interface with a different kernel . some of the custom roms are extremely different- possibly changes to the user interface , various settings , maybe additional features borrowed from other phones- and may include a custom built kernel , complete with drivers so your phone 's camera , wireless radios etc . all fully function . this may ( and almost always does ) require you to completely wipe the existing software on your phone , as if you were wiping and re-installing ( or installing a newer version of ) windows or macos on a computer . it is rare that custom roms can be installed as an upgrade over existing , " stock " roms . after " flashing " ( installing ) the new rom , your phone will behave as if it is the first time you have turned it on . proper backups are key , and you may want to look into apps such as " titanium backup , " which save settings and apps that can be restored after your phone has been " flashed " with a new rom . as for finding which custom kernel or custom rom to use , that is entirely up to you , and you should do a bit of research . most importantly , i would ask why you want to use a newer version of the linux kernel on your phone . if there are no issues you can point to that would be fixed with a newer version , and no specific features you could gain from using a custom kernel , there might not be a good reason to change . sometimes newer kernels can increase battery life by tweaking the way the phone operates , reacts , sleeps etc . , but not always . it is possible the ' best ' kernel to use is the one sony currently includes with the version of android currently on your phone . you may find a custom rom that includes certain features or changes to the user interface you had like to see , and that rom may use the same kernel sony has made available . now , kernels and roms are device specific , meaning you will not be able to use a kernel or rom as-is built for , say , an htc or samsung device , or even most other sony devices . i would highly recommend the xda-developers forums ; a community for users and programmers who have taken to building and collectively supporting custom kernels and roms for various devices , as well as toolkits for rooting devices , installing new kernels and roms , and backing up/restoring all the software on your phone as a whole ( just as you would to backup and restore a computer in case of a hard drive failure ) . odds are , if anyone has built a custom rom or kernel for your phone which is stable enough for the public to use , they have mentioned and linked to it there . the steps to prepare your phone for a new kernel or completely new rom vary from device to device . your device comes " locked"- not allowing custom software without acknowledging that you are taking a risk of ruining your device- and will need to be unlocked first , following the instructions on this official sony site . then you will need to install a custom " recovery " ( software which loads before android even starts , and is independent from your rom ) , and use that recovery interface to make a backup of your current rom before making any changes . you then use the recovery to wipe the device and install the new rom , or just install a new kernel over the top of your existing rom . the forum for your specific device , the sony xperia e dual , can be found here , with discussions on how to complete all the necessary steps for your specific device , tools you may need , and custom kernels and roms in the two ' development ' forums . i can not stress enough that you try to find a walk-through that you are comfortable with understanding , as you can easily leave your device in an unusable state , or in extreme cases , " brick " the device , rendering it more or less useless . most roms come with a list of steps to follow , and , fortunately , other device owners , and the people responsible for the custom roms and kernels can be a helpful resource . good luck , and welcome to one of the very best parts of owning an android device : customization !
you will get the best results using the built-in media player/decoder ( called " system player " in rockplayer , iirc ) because it supports hardware decoding . for a list of supported containers and codecs see here : http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html i would recommend h264/aac inside a mp4 container , like the website recommends , but with your device 's native resolution ( and a higher video bitrate , if necessary ) . though rockplayer 's ffmpeg decoder is able to play almost every media codec , the results will be quite poor ( only software decoding ) .
you could use a workaround , compress your file as zip archive and then extract it on your android device . i use androzip for it . as an alternative you could use a better variant . total commander .
once you have activated tethering you can select the " portable wifi hotspot " row on the left side in the tethering menu to get an information page . from the information page there is a configuration menu to add specific allowed devices to connect , and to configure the ssid and password of the tethering wifi hotspot . i find this is confusing/misleading because in the same row there is also the tethering activation/deactivation button on the right side so to me it is counter-intuitive that other elements in the same row would also have actions associated with them .
i do not think you can use hotspot through usb . may be it is asking for your wifi hotspot password . which you can find in ' tethering and portable hotspot ' settings .
go to setting &gt; more settings &gt; tethering now enable tethering . on same screen tap tethering again , not to turn off , so tap to the left of the tether on switch . a screen opens , go to bottom left corner and tap configure . scroll down you will see a password field , tap the show password then copy and paste the password to notepad or write it down . when your laptop asks for a security key enter password . i did this for the first time in ten minutes .
'adb shell setprop SimCheck.disable 1'  this will disable sim check while turning on wifi tethering .
depending on your mobile network operator one solution could be to change the apn of your mobile network connection to an invalid value . on most mobile networks you do not get a data connection without a valid apn - however on some you always get a connection independently of the apn name . there are plenty of tools that simplify apn setting/removing/changing - some examples : apn on/off apn manager apndroid
i honestly do not know if there is an easier way to do this but i just long-press the previously entered text , select all of the text ( the weird grid icon in the top right in text selection mode ) and hit backspace on the keyboard to delete it all . when the text area is blank it will no longer put the " draft " notification on the thread .
your three options are probably : downgrade maps use the browser-based google maps ( perhaps in incognito mode if you are paranoid ) use some other map application regarding osm , i think they do not have an official app , so you could also try to use an app that uses their data . the osm web site allows address searches , so that may just not be implemented in the app you are using . there is a bunch of osm compatible apps and their features listed here .
based on the basic settings which is available throughout the android devices a phone has to display the default language throughout the phone through which the user can interact with the phone with ease . well if you have changed the default language to english under the mobile settings properly then it should display the default language for your phone throughout or else you might have not changed it properly ( chinese language has been categorised into many languages depending on the location like simplified chinese as far as i know ) . what i can suggest you is either you checkout with customer support or check the instruction manual which should be available on the web or in the package with which the phone was shipped
a launcher will not put the whole system in grayscale , only your home screen . the samsung galaxy s5 has a true grayscale function you can enable system wide . if you do not want to buy a samsung galaxy s5 then try cf . lumen https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.chainfire.lumen it can color the screen to a specific tint . as a side effect the battery life will increase a lot . if you have a samsung phone , but not necessarily the s5 then you can use this root app to put everything into true monochrome ( grayscale ) : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.pruss.galacticnight
there is no built-in function that does this on an android phone . the bast way to achieve this is to install a custom launcher . check on the play store , there are a bunch of them .
i think you need this root your phone and install the following app from play store by famous developer chainfire https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.chainfire.cf3d then change the setting to grayscale
root it by flashing one of images available on the net . lifehacker has simewhat old instructions which worked for me . gcal runs fine it seems , but i have pretty annoying graphical glitch which i am sure is solvable . i used nookmanager image iirc
how did you disable the mobile data networks ? did you just erase the apn data ? or did you uncheck it in the settings menu ? at this point , i would suggest doing a factory reset . your problem would likely require more troubleshooting than it is worth to fix . make a backup if possible . google should remember the free apps you have downloaded and re-install them .
i think you may want a symbolic link . you can create them in any good linux system using ln -s &lt;link_target&gt; &lt;link_name&gt;  eg ln -s /data/app /mnt/sdcard/data/app  or ( while in /mnt/sdcard/data ) ln -s /data/app app  you will want to be careful regarding removing the sdcard - you will need to completely shutdown the device prior to removal , and the same sdcard will likely need to be in the device prior to booting .
open the website from a windows pc with firefox and this addon to view exactly what is saved into localstorage . . .
it varies from website to website . html 5 has a feature called local storage , which lets websites store a modest amount of data in the browser for future visits . they are a bit like cookies , but can be used to store more data . like cookies , different sites use it for different things . some sites ( most commonly web games ) use local storage to save the javascript and other files the site uses , so that you can keep using/playing it even when you do not have an internet connection . or they might use it as a cache for icons on the site , so it loads faster next time you visit . some sites use it to save your preferences on the site ( e . g . search options , or what posts you have read ) to give you the same view or content on multiple visits without you having to login and save preferences on the server . they might even use it for your content : for example , a forum site might save draft posts/comments in local storage before you post them , so your work is not lost even if you lose connection to the site while writing . because the data are not meaningful outside of the site , and only the javascript on the site knows how to interpret them , chrome does not offer a way to view or edit the data for each site . css tricks has a brief description of local storage , along with some examples of what sites do or might use it for .
your screenshot suggests you simply uninstalled those apps . in tb , hit the menu button , select " batch processing " , scroll to the end of the list . there you will find " delete backups " . second item in that section should read " delete backups of uninstalled apps " ( or the like -- i run a localized version , was just back-translating ) . that should get you rid of those " striked " entries . for more details ( as well as solution to other tb-related issues ) , you might want to visit the titanium backup knowledge base , which provides you with a user 's guide , faq , troubleshooting tips , how-tos , and more . as for the one circled entry , the linked knowledge-base a.o. states : you can easily remove orphan data by running the “remove orphan data” batch job .
i put my phone in " airplane mode " to save battery and prevent annoying notifications .
the ' power control ' widget has five buttons for turning various functions on and off - including one controlling updating of applications ( the circular one with two arrows on it ) . you can add this widget by long pressing ( press and hold ) somewhere on your home screen , then selecting ' widget ' from the menu that pops up , then ' power control ' . i believe that if you press the ' refresh ' button to turn it off , it should stop applications updating automatically , but they can still be refreshed manually if needed . the widget also has handy buttons for easily turning on and off wifi , bluetooth and gps , and changing screen brightness . it takes up a whole row on the home screen though , so you might need to make some room . edit - the below image shows the power control widget with updating turned on , and all other functions turned off , taken from : htc desire review at android . marvinlee .net:
i disable 3g data . i still receive/make calls and receive/send sms using " beautiful widgets " .
since you do not want to disable wifi or data use , i would check each of the social apps to see if each of them have a setting to disable updates that you can turn on/off or set a time limit on . getting a task killer which can permanently disable apps from starting would also help . you could always turn off wifi and/or data use until you need it since these settings are easy to get to in the phone .
if you did not sync your calendar with google , i am afraid you will not be able to restore it .
hi you may also wanna check rawvision : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.caketuzz.rawvision cheers
i just released a raw viewer for android . it has a very basic importing tool ( it is something that i did for myself to be able to review the pictures in a bigger screen ) but the best thing is that it can be used as one of the possible actions for images from your favorite filebrowser . it is name is rawpal gallery . you can find it in the market : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.rawpal.gallery i will apreciate any comment or sugestion . regards
searching the market , i found rawdroid demo . it says it'll open raw files from dslrs including canon . i have not tried it and it does not seem to have many downloads , so i am not sure if it will work .
you will need to have the android sdk installed , particularly the fastboot tool . ( you probably have this already if you have rooted your phone . ) go to google 's factory images page , find the section called " mysid " near the bottom , and download the 4.0.4 file . turn your phone off , then hold both the volume up and down buttons , and press and hold the power button . you should see the phone 's bootloader screen , which looks like a green droid with its front panel open , and an arrow at the top that says start . do not press any buttons here , but plug in your usb cable . extract the factory image file that you downloaded . inside , you should find a file called image-mysid-imm76k.zip . open a command prompt , cd to the folder with that file , and run fastboot -w update image-mysid-imm76k.zip . that'll reflash the phone 's factory software image , which should put it back to normal . ( you will be running ics at this point , but you can do the jelly bean ota upgrade afterward if it is available to you . ) this may wipe all your phone 's data — including the " sd card " internal memory — so make a backup of anything important first . if your aokp " has no way of installing apps " , it sounds like when you installed it , you forgot to install the " gapps " add-on , which includes the play app as well as other google apps like gmail . but the other problems you described should not happen — i have put aokp on my galaxy nexus and it works fine . if you still have problems after flashing the factory image , you will need to provide more detailed information about what is happening .
you should select your operator 's internet apn from the apn list to enable the mobile data network . if you do not see it , check the settings from your operator and insert it manually from that menu .
not sure if this will answer your question , but there is a settings ( button ) called " contacts account " which lets you show or hide the following contacts : - phone - google - sim - facebook - twitter - show contacts with phone numbers only
not in the internal filesystem , but it may leave files on the sd card . apps on android are only able to write on two places within the filesystem /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; /mnt/sdcard/ or /sdcard the /data/data/&lt;packagename&gt; directory gets deleted when you delete the app , so the only place where file cruft can be found is the sd card .
that depends , a lot of developers do not properly take care of their associated application 's data and may leave them lying around . the package manager uninstalls the apps from /data/data/..../ depending on the package name . for example , application myfoobarapp whose package name is org.foo.bar.app then this would be the spot - /data/data/org.foo.bar.app/ which would have the following : those five sub-directories are standard placeholders for the apps to function . and package manager will only remove those files and sub-directories upon un-install of said application . all too often , out of hindsight or bad code , the apps would not automatically clean up after themselves , such as placing temporary files on the /sdcard or heavens-forbid , in /data/local/tmp which incidentally , is the worst abuse of it as it is world writeable !
there is no need to do anything here , since these files , despite reporting massive sizes , actually use very little space , as they are so called " sparse files " . i left more details on the android ticket about this issue : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39546#c79 ﻿
cyanogenmod - in a vanilla or official build - will not typically contain a bootloader . on many devices there is really no good way to even overwrite the bootloader because it is on protected memory ( the bootloader is " locked" ) and cannot be overwritten . it installs a boot image and a system image ( i.e. . writes to the /boot and /system partitions ) . i have heard that some builds will also come with a recovery image , but i have never seen one that did this . unlocking your sim is unrelated to your firmware , and cm will not perform a sim unlock for you . cyanogenmod 's wiki itself states : cyanogenmod , however , does not " unlock " the device . most carriers " lock " their handsets to prevent customers from buying a handset and moving to a different carrier . carriers depend on these " exclusivity " agreements to bolster revenue . for example : if you buy an iphone in the us , you are stuck with at and t or verizon , whichever you bought from . to use the handset on another carrier 's network it would be necessary to " unlock " the handset . this is done with a code based on the imei of the handset that can be provided by your carrier or firms on the internet that are slightly more reliable than a nigerian prince . unlocking cannot be done by installing cyanogenmod , or any other firmware for that matter . i would further assume that the bootloader on your device does not have any kind of bearing on the sim lock . htc allows bootloaders to be unlocked on certain devices , and their website specifically states : please note that unlocking your bootloader does not mean that you will be able to unlock the sim lock . unlocking your sim lock is at the discretion of your operator/carrier and is not part of the bootloader unlocking scope . i would guess this is likely similar on other devices , though i am not specifically familiar with huawei 's hardware or software .
no , cyanogenmod and other custom roms rely on your device 's bootloader . in general you do not want to mess with the bootloader since doing so is an easy way to brick your device . the bootloader does not really have anything to do with the sim lock usually . i do not know of an android-specific way to unlock this phone , which means you will probably need to use a paid service , which are generally pretty sketchy . a quick google shows that some people have had success with this tool .
i would assume yes . from allaboutgalaxys4 : the device supports the fat and the exfat file systems for memory cards . when inserting a card formatted in a different file system , the device asks to reformat the memory card .
from within the android system itself , all you risk on the great majority of devices is losing data such as media , apps , logs and configurations . anyhow , if one manages to damage it more than that , it is usually repairable through a factory reset . whether or not your device is rooted , you can always do it harm by flashing bad bootloaders , recoveries/recovery images , inadequate update . zip files and a few other things , so always watch out for that . i strongly recommend that you do a backup anyway -- it is a fairly simple process and it is worth it just to stay on the safe side .
android tuner reads around 840ma
i just measured the current when using the lg charging adapter and it only consumpts 433ma . so there is no benefit using an ac adapter instead of a pc . edit : cable broken , see my last post .
with the note 3 do the following : open -settings -general -accounts -google uncheck 'sync picasa web albums ' the " gallery " button is found in general> applications manager select all scroll down and select gallery tap clear data
install different ebook readers like aldiko / moon+ reader etc and see whether your epub displays as intended .
you are absolutely correct in stating that the bottleneck is actually not the encryption/decryption but nand write rate . in fact , the performance observed for read/write of encrypted v/s non-encrypted does not vary significantly owing to high cpu speeds . what you might look at though is the rate at which block level encryption happens for the first time . once the device is block encrypted , the performance numbers are pretty close . you can use androbench to profile your device pre and post encryption .
it looks like there is an issue with the byte alignment . i found this post : http://www.mail-archive.com/linux-omap@vger.kernel.org/msg20797.html and based on that made the following changes to drivers/usb/gadget/u_ether . c : i can now ping in both directions over the usb . if anyone knows of a better way to address this , please let me know otherwise i will go with this .
i will recommend you this htc 's official app . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.htc.dnatransfer.legacy
pefrom factory reset \ clear cache after the cwm restore , the old rom must save data you must delete in order for the cwm to work .
as it seems you have tried resetting to factory defaults and re-flashing same update , i believe the causes might be caused by updated baseband . i would try reflashing different original firmware . you can also flash baseband only via flashtool so maybe it might be worth trying to flash baseband from the firmware that worked . ymmv . you can find links to download ftf ( original firmware ) for your device : build 4.1 . b . 0.587 - http://d-h.st/vft build 4.1 . b . 0.626 - http://goo.gl/hafwi build 4.1 . b . 0.631 - http://d-h.st/ivf sources and more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2047914 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1952333 http://www.flashtool.net/index.php
simple solution , just reflash radio for your device and it should work . if not contact your provider .
try flashing the latest ftf file from here . if you are already in . 631 build try flashing the baseband alone . ( try downloading the ftf file again and flash ) .
that is weird . i could stream this perfectly on my android 2.3 stock browser . for you , i would suggest you do the following :- download mx video player free ( and a suitable codec for your phone ) enter the url rtsp://128.112.131.181:554/blackboard/cs/additive_combinatorics/1_luca_trevisan_350k.rm in your stock browser . you will see something like : the above url for lazy beans : click on the mx video player and your video should load properly . duh ! :d
ics usually has ext4 support . the google nexus s for example had that already with gingerbread . it depends on your actual phone model however : cat /proc/filesystems this gives you a list of supported file systems . execute the above command using any terminal app , eg . " system tuner pro " -> terminal you do not need any rooting to view what file system your android kernel supports . my ics 4.0.4 shows ext4 support . older droids were vfat mostly . if you do not have support you will need to root and install your own custom kernel and/or rom .
two separate issues . does your current rom force vfat or not ? for example , i am pretty sure cyanogenmod does not force vfat and will not forcibly reformat an ext4 when it finds it back to vfat . this is what will happen on some stock roms . if it does not force vfat , great . ext4 is almost certainly supported , if it is not forced instantly into vfat . i quote from cyanogenmod faq : " is ext3/ext4 safe for my sd card ? probably , unless the sd card is very old and does not support wear leveling . " in short , it is impossible to answer if " ics " works with ext4 . it might work , but force ext4 into vfat instantly . it might not work at all . what is important is that you check if the rom you are using both supports ext4 and does not force it back to vfat . only one way to find out , except asking around xda-developers ; )
yes you are correct . android will use cpu frequency as required including deep sleep to highest cpu frequency . if android uses 1.2ghz for high end task it will consume more battery but on the other hand will finish the task quicker than 1ghz . many custom rom also allows you to change this cpu scaling behavior by changing the governor . for eg : if you choose governor for high performance then android will try to scale cpu to higher frequency .
a faster cpu does not always mean more power consumption . tegra 3 for example has a special " battery safe " - core that is used in idle mode or when not much power is needed and will need less battery even though the main cores have more ghz .
/proc/ is a filesystem that contains special files describing the current state of processes and the kernel . /proc/mounts contains information on the current mountpoints . mountpoints are similar drive letters in windows . since there is only one file hierarchy in linux , any file systems that are not the operating system 's fs ( like an sd card , /proc , etc ) need to be grafted onto this solitary tree . details on these graftpoints are accessible by reading /proc/mounts . part of the info that can be retrieved from this file is the current space utilization and capacity of each filesystem . because it is a file system usage utility , this app probably needs this info in order to tell you how much free space there is on the sd card and/or the main os filesystem . serial permission allows the app to grab a unique identifier for for your phone . i am not sure specifically how this app intends to use it .
you can use the dashclock widget and the dashclock whatsapp extension from google play and place the widget on your lock screen . dashclock widget : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.nurik.roman.dashclock whatsapp extension : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stallware.dashclock.whatsapp
i opted factory reset and started all over again but without signing in gmail account and it worked the nagging voice tutorial is gone
you can visit the accounts page in your computer and click on " settings " tab . under " my devices " section you will have all the devices that your account is being tied with .
common causes that prevent your device from being presented at your devices list are : you are using the google play website before using the google play store app on your device . you are signed in with a different account on play . google . com than you are using on your device . your device isn’t supported . ( droid razr is supported ) the first one probably solves your issue of registering the device within google play store . after , you can manage your devices and disable the old one . access your account , click the " settings " tab and untick the " shown in menus " checkbox . references : google play help
passmark has a quite comprehensive list of android devices with cpu , memory , storage , 2d graphics and 3d graphics benchmarks . if your device is not on the list , you can use the free app on google play to measure your device ( and contribute to the public list ) .
if you can get to recovery you should be able to flash the full factory image which will restore your phone to completely stock . download the full occam factory image , which includes the full system , bootloader , recovery , kernel ( boot . img ) , and radio . it is a clean slate for these components - they will flash cleanly over anything you have now . you can run the bundled script called flash-all ( in which case it will run all necessary commands for you ) or you can unpack the tgz ( tar/gz ) archive , and then the zip contained within as well . this will put all the components into one folder : then run the following commands : adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash bootloader bootloader* . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash radio radio-mako-m9615a-cefwmazm-2.0.1700.84 . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot format cache fastboot reboot fastboot flash userdata userdata . img note : this command will wipe your device ( including /sdcard ) , even if your bootloader is already unlocked . note : instead of unpacking the image* . zip and flashing system and boot manually , you can actually do fastboot update image* . zip - this will not delete data ( you would pass a -w flag if you wanted that to happen ) , but it will re-flash recovery back to stock if you were running a custom one . you can then flash it back , or just use the commands above instead . either way , the result will be the same .
i fixed the problem by the following steps : clear data of the xpressconnect app , then uninstall it . this step alone did not fix the problem . reboot my nook to recovery mode , and clear/wipe the dalvik cache . restart . to start fresh , i also clear the cache of all my web browsers .
it appears to be a touchwiz/sgs3 feature . a post on xda developers suggests freezing contextawareservice . apk if you had like to disable it , but no way to edit the list . another post suggests that a more recent release ( lfb ) has options related to this ( settings -> accessory -> audio applications ) , but does not expand on whether or not you can edit from there .
i assume the usb connection is not the main point ? you could look into a trrs splitter to fit your 3,5mm plug into the headset jack on your phone . here 's one example , just to give you an idea of what i mean . this way you can use a normal recording app to capture analog audio from your soundboard . just be careful to check the levels since the jack is not a line in jack , but a mic in jack .
summarizing the solution from the comments : the cause of trouble was a corrupted file system : not being able to delete files from the dalvik cache turned out being caused by the system not being able to access them . from the comments : ls /data/dalvik-cache gives me /data/dalvik-cache: I/O error with the trace showing an error to even stat the directory , a wipe showed similar errors in many other places ( as it tried to delete all files and directories recursively ) . so options were to re-format the file system of /data in the hope it was only the file system being corrupted ( and not the block device itself ) . different approaches here . though most of them failed somehow , i will list them all – as on a different device things might look different , and one of them might succeed though it did not here : booting to recovery and issuing a factory-reset ( or with a custom recovery , even directly formatting the affected partitions ) was not a way to go , as it was impossible to even boot into recovery fastboot -w , fastboot format userdata , fastboot format cache had to be sorted out as well , as the device did not boot into fastboot mode luckily , the device was able to be accessed via adb , so adb shell wipe data; adb reboot; failed as described above ( tried to " delete " instead of formatting ) some places mention format CACHE: , format DATADATA: , and format DATA: via adb shell , which initially failed here as format was not a recognized command same for the factory_reset command available on some devices hint : ls /system/bin and ls /system/xbin are pretty helpful to figure what commands are available on the device last resort was to figure the file system parameters via mount ( or checking /init.rc , or other means ) , and then using the corresponding mkfs command to manually re-format the partition . root@android# mount [ … ] /dev/block/nande /data ext4 rw , nosuid , nodev , noatime , user_xattr , barrier=0 , journal_checksum , data=ordered , noauto_da_alloc 0 0 /dev/block/nandh /cache ext4 rw , nosuid , nodev , noatime , user_xattr , barrier=0 , journal_checksum , data=ordered , noauto_da_alloc 0 0 root@android# parted /dev/block/nandh mkfs ext2 # bunch of warnings etc . here , all suggestions approved with " yes " root@android# parted /dev/block/nande mkfs ext2 # same game as with nandh root@android:# e2fsck nande # again confirm to fix each inode returned to the command prompt on the pc : adb reboot  and the device came to the splash , took a few minutes building up the dalvik cache again , and then booted fine ! one thing you might have noticed is a minor difference : mount reported the partitions as ext4 , while tlacaelel then formatted them ext2 . both are variants of extfs , with ext4 definitely being the newer one , so this should not be a real issue . further readings and references : clearing dalvik cache without root ? wipe data/factory reset through adb internal storage partitions screwed up ( this gave the final clues to the op )
is this a google account issue or an issue with the phone+software combination ? is it possible for you to use the same google account in another phone ( or different google account on the lg phone , since you seem to have reset it a few times ) ?
i uninstalled all updates to market app ( android 1.6 ) and since then i am able to download new apps/updates successfully
the cause of these problems is a bug in google framework services , at least in 2.1 and 2.2 . i have been able to fix it temporarily by clearing the cache for all google apps -- gfs , talk , voice , gmail , market , etc . -- but i do not believe there is a permanent fix . perhaps in 2.3 , i do not have it on my phone yet .
it sounds like you may need to reset your apn settings , your phone will be slightly different than mine , i am using a nexus 4 . try locating the following : settings -> wireless and networks -> mobile networks -> access point names -> and from there locate the " reset to default " option . if that does not work , you can backup your device , and factory reset it .
yes there was issue with battery drain but they had solved the issue and you can go for 4.1.2 and performance is good .
i have a samsung galaxy s on t-mobile , so ymmv . to use voice entry , i start the navigation application , not maps ; one of the menu options it displays is " speak destination " . navigation was not available on the phone when i first got it ; i first noticed it about a week ago ( i noticed latitude and places arrived at the same time , so might all have been part of the same push ) . edit : to get voice entry in maps , press and hold the search key , which gives you a general search . to search for a location , i use menu > search , then there is a microphone icon on the search bar . in menu > directions , you can focus on either the From or To input boxes , and again you will get the search bar with a microphone icon . if i use menu > directions to speak a location , it works as if i am doing a map search , so i have to go back and select the location again in the directions input box .
press the search key , this brings up a search bar you can type into , with a magnifying glass icon on the right . to the right of this icon is a microphone which activates voice search . if you do not have that icon , check which version of maps , and which version of the android os is installed . in the maps application , press menu , then choose " more " , then " about " . to find the phone version , go to settings , about phone , and see " firmware version " .
android surely can do that as well . unfortunately , you have been a bit vague on the devices used : samsung is a manufacturer having brought out plenty of smartphones , and there are also plenty of bluetooth headsets ; maybe there is something with that specific combination . nevertheless , there are some generic solutions available on the playstore , like bluetooth auto connect : it automatically tries to connect to your bluetooth devices when bluetooth has been turned on or when your device screen goes on . unfortunately , this only works with android 3.0+ , so it is not really a solution for you – but a search for " bluetooth auto connect " will give you additional alternatives , one of those hopefully works with your android version : there is e.g. shake to connect working with android 2.2+ , which at least should save you from the " long walk through the menus " . note however that i did not try any of those solutions , so no guarantees : )
hold volume up and back key . have you tried this ?
looking at the developers website it should be as simple as copying the gallery vault backup data folder .thinkyeah/ to your new device 's sd card . you should then be able to install the app on your new device and open the vault with the same password you previously used .
this button is active for apps that are running or are be running since the last time that you started your device . android do not kill the apps totally when you exit from it , this button is for close completely the app and remove it from the stack ( apps running ) , also this button free the memory used by the app . there is no way to list the apps running , also the apps running in background have this button . there are free killer apps in the play store , to manage the memory of your device automatically .
android maintains 4 types of applications in its memory . i dont remember all but running and cached background are 2 of them . . . ( cached background can be accessed by clicking the hardware menu button when in the running tab and selecting the poped up option ) so though it might not be seen in the running processes , it is not entirely dead . mostly it shall be in the cached background prcesses . also , about task managers . . its is not advised to use them as android has been hardcoded to manage apps efficiently . app/task killers actually rather drain battery as after the killer kills apps , acording to the algorithm android follows , they will be started again ! ( and apps take up rather more memory at startup than in ideal state ) thus it becomes a cycle and drains the battery . so the force close button is active on mostly running and cached processes and may exist on a very few apps that reside in the other two types of processes ! on other apps its greyd out !
as said in my comment to paco 's answer , the information he gave is mostly correct : most apps do not exit completely if you leave them , and no app should exit if you leave it via the " home " button . moreover , some apps have background services running which the user otherwise cannot quit . now there are some situations where you need an app ( including its background services ) to be stopped -- e.g. if you want to uninstall that app ( or , in case of a system app , its updates ) . you will notice this when the " force stop " button is active , the " uninstall " ( or " remove" ) button is grayed out -- but the latter gets activated when you stopped the app via " force stop " . ( if both buttons are grayed out , you can tell it is a system app , by the way -- which you cannot uninstall ) . btw : if the " force stop " button is grayed out ( "dimmed " as you put it ) it means that app is not currently running , nor has it any service running ( at that moment ) .
the code behind the force stop button is complex and undocumented . i will reproduce it verbatim and then go through it one piece at a time . the first if line checks if any component of the package is a device admin ( that is , if it is checked in the device administrators list in the security page of the settings app ) . if so , the button is disabled ( greyed out ) so you can not stop device admins . then , the else if checks if the package is already stopped . here , stopped does not just mean " not running " . as far as i can tell , a package is in the stopped state if you have never run any component from it ( such as by launching it from the menu ) , or if you have pressed a force stop button ( this one or in a " stopped working " dialog ) and not run any of its components again . if the package has not been stopped , the button is enabled . the else case covers the rare eventuality that an app has been stopped and is not a device admin . in this case , it gives other system services a chance to enable the button . for example , the app might have an alarm set and pending , which would later cause the app to be started again even from the stopped state . in this case , the button will be enabled . if no other system service has a reason to enable the button , it will be disabled . summary the force stop button is enabled if the package is not a device admin and either you have not already force-stopped this app or you have force-stopped it but a system service thinks it will run it again . if the app is running ( and it is not a device admin ) , the force stop button will definitely be enabled , but the button being enabled does not mean the app is running .
in addition to chinmay kanchi 's comment , if you do not have a custom recovery to flash it , it is also possible to extract the . apks from the gapps package ( in /system/app ) and install them on their own to get the store running . i did this on my archos 32 ( which also runs froyo ) and it worked flawlessly without any root needed . unfortunately , i did this almost 2 years ago and i do not remember which exact apks were needed for just the market nor what order i needed to install them in . vending . apk is the store itself . i think i might have needed to install googleservicesframework . apk before that . marketupdater . apk might also be needed , but i think installed after vending . i bumbled through the process via trial and error , so doing things in the wrong order should not harm anything ( i remember that the install would just error out on a wrong-order attempt ) and you can just try again .
check the " barebones " page on the cyanogenmod wiki . it lists which apks are required for what . so instead of listing minimum apk list , you can just select the required apps for play . by the way google play , market or vending are the same things . at a minimum you will will need vending . apk and marketupdater . apk , and possibly googleservicesframework . apk
galaxy s has a notoriously bad gps . i changed from s to now s3 , and there is a huge difference . the s3 is extremely fast to get a gps lock , and incomparably more precise . so do not expect wonders from a galaxy s .
this shows the difference between agps and gps . agps ( assisted gps ) uses a small amount of mobile data to establish a rough location fix ( about 1km-100m accuracy ) based on the cell towers near you . this gives a faster initial location fix than just gps . since you had roaming disabled , agps was not available and getting a location fix on just gps can take a while , especially on some firmware versions of the galaxy s .
i have actually been writing an application that uses gps , so i can shed some light on this . onik is correct about the agps vs gps . additionally , though , gps can be affected by a number of factors which can reduce accuracy or the ability to receive a signal at all : gps accuracy is affected by a number of factors , including satellite positions , noise in the radio signal , atmospheric conditions , and natural barriers to the signal . noise can create an error between 1 to 10 meters and results from static or interference from something near the receiver or something on the same frequency . objects such a mountains or buildings between the satellite and the receiver can also produce error , sometimes up to 30 meters . the most accurate determination of position occurs when the satellite and receiver have a clear view of each other and no other objects interfere . as well with agps is dgps ( differential gps ) . ( but i do not believe phones have this , only agps ) . like the agps , the dgps uses a fixed gps location ( such as a cell tower ) to send information to the gps receiver . dgps , however , looks at both the satellite and the fixed location adjusts for any difference between the two , and then sends that information to the receiver . dgps is particularly helpful when atmospheric conditions interfere with reception . source/more information . in short , make sure you are outside and have a clear view of the sky . the initial lock will sometimes take quite a bit of time , but subsequent locks should not be nearly as bad .
maybe this is not what you are looking for , but if you have installed busybox and a terminal application , you can continue your download with : wget --continue --output-document file.part URL 
gallery> clear cache and clear data> uncheck and recheck notifications .
the problem was a silly one . when you try to select a wallpaper you are given two choices : full wallpaper for the virtual desktop ( option 1 , scrollable wallpapers ) and a fixed wallpaper ( the second option ) . if you select the second option , it will ask if you want to use the same wallpaper for the lock screen . however , if you select the first one , it will not ask you anything ( because it can not be set ) — ths was the root of the problem . i am assuming that , if you do tap the " do not show this dialog again " can be reset by tapping " clear defaults " in the gallery app .
exchange refers to the microsoft exchange server email/calendaring system also known as exchange activesync . corporate usually is a generic term for business email and also usually referring to exchange activesync , but also can refer to imap or pop3 email access . as far as setting up your work email on your android phone , it depends on which way your work is using outlook . most likely you can open the " mail " or " email " ( not gmail ) app and go through the steps of adding your work email . you will need to know either the exchange server address or the pop3 or imap incoming server address and the smtp outbound server address . in addition to server addresses you will need to know what ports the servers communicate on . once you have the server information , open the email app and do the following : at the first screen enter your username and password , then click " next " . at the next screen select the appropriate type of email syncing for your account ( exchange , imap , or pop3 ) . enter your exchange server information or pop3 or imap server information and click " next " if you were setting up exchange , select t he frequency you want your mail to sync . if you are setting up imap/pop3 enter your smtp server information and click " next " . exchange setup should now be complete and imap/pop3 setup should now have syncing frequency options and then be complete .
change the password on dropbox straight away . then move the photos into a folder in case anyone gets in touch . make sure that your new password is a strong one and not easily guessed . then let dropbox know what happened and what you have done .
google maps is generally a system app as well . there is another question where the user had gmail update automatically despite having auto-updates shut off . so as far as we know , google pushed this update out specially just like they push out market updates . perhaps there was a critical security fix or something like that .
if the app has never been updated via the market ( you are still using the version that was bundled in the rom ) then there is no link between the market and the installed app . because of that , you will not get update notifications . once you install a newer version from the market you will begin to receive notifications of future updates .
android app gmd speed time claims to speed up games by accelerating device time . the free version accelerates time up to 10x . it requires root access on the device and does not work on all devices .
download cheat engine for android here : www.cheatengineandroid.com
you can use no-frills cpu control classic app . get no-frills cpu control classic from google play . or the app page in f-droid description : no-frills cpu control classic is a trimmed down version of the popular no-frills cpu control . it is meant for older devices running android 1.6 " donut " or android 2.0 " eclair " or for people who want an app as small as possible : just around 400kb ! all the features of the standard no-frills cpu control are available in the classic version . the only difference is in the user interface ( "the looks" ) .
gamecih ( cheating hacker ) can change the game speed .
i have spotted that when i put my phone into its dock for the last few days , it now displays a clock ( digital style , with the date below , in ics blue ) on the screen while it is charging . this has happened since the recent android v4.0.4 update for the galaxy nexus . this has also added a " dock " category under the " system " section in settings . this has options to enable a " dock insertion sound " and change audio settings for the dock . exactly what i was looking for !
sounds like you could use dockawake ! dock manager for this . to just keep the screen on you can set Settings -&gt; Developer options -&gt; Stay awake .
here 's a wild guess . the vault may have encrypted the protected files to be used only with the previous phone . so if you try to open them in another phone ( assuming you have installed the vault with the same google account ) , the new phone will not be able to access them . i have emailed help@nq . com regarding this issue . hopefully , they will reply . i will then update / confirm this answer . if not , it is safe to say my assumption was right . update #1: thank you for contacting nq mobile customer support ! you would not be able to show pictures on your sd card in another phone . once you put them in vault they are encrypted in the phone and would not be able to be seen . the vault application is specific to each phone unless you transfer the application to another phone . thank you again for contacting nq mobile customer support ! adam schalk nq mobile customer support team possible solution what can do is put back the card into the old phone , and remove the protection from the vault . i am sure you can un-protect pictures , like in other apps . after you have unprotected all the pictures / files , put back the sd card to your new phone . you should be able to read the files . after that , you can protect them again using vault ( on your new phone ) .
ok : after some more reading , it looks like clockworkmod did not back up the /cust partition ie : /proc/mtdblock7 in which the vodafone logo and boot animation was stored . when i flashed my device with a generic stock rom that overwrote the /cust partition permanently . when i flashed my recovery . img , it only restored the recovery partition ( which was the cwm recovery image after rooting ) . the only way i can now get back the stock voda animation is backup the partition ( via dd maybe ) from another device to an sd card and flash back to my device partition from the sd card . moral of the story : backup all partitions ( via romdump or dd ) and not just rely on clockworkmod backup which ignores these partitions . i arrived at this conclusion by checking my logs from the saved data partition ( after rooting ) when i saw this file in : /data/load_oemlogo . txt which references /cust/vha/au/logo/oemlogo . mbn update : yes i can confirm that the /cust and /userdata2 partition are not backed up by cwm backup and restore . i quote from translated version ( german ) from here : http://66.163.168.225/babelfish/translate_url_content ? . intl=us and lp=de_en and trurl=http%3a%2f%2fwww.android-hilfe.de%2froot-hacking-modding-fuer-huawei-ideos-x3%2f203731-how-flash-partitionen-von-supertoast-anpassen.html Completely importantly! Make always only times with CWM a Backup.  backup_partitons . edit : more info and updates .
like it was pointed out , the Galaxy Tab was not designed in a way for it is battery to be easily removed . here 's a video on removing the case and exploring what is inside . hope this helps . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urgukerjohg
i rebooted my phone and the problem went away ( i can now see and choose from all installed apps ) . must be a a bug .
on my nexus one ( 2.3.4 ) the “other applications” list has the usual list of everything .
did you check if you card in working on your computer . if your card is detected on your computer without any messages then there must be something wrong with your mobile . else if your computer detects your sd card and gives you any message to scan/format before using it . . . then consider running scandisk on your card once your computer detects it . . . hope this helps . . .
i cannot promise that any of these solutions work on your device , but there are several apps listed which seem to be able to achieve this , as e.g. air gesture control or wave control . just try a search for " air gestures " on play apps . note : my links go to appbrain , as that site is not limited to 16 search results . being an alternative front-end to google play , you still can install your findings from the latter . appbrain even offers google play links for each app .
yes . few years ago , google apps services were separate from normal google services . even cookies were different and compatible to each other . from last year , all google apps accounts are normal google account ( you will have to sign out from normal google account if you want to sign in with google apps account in a web browser ) . and , it supports android too . i have tested it .
since last year google apps accounts are full class citizens . starting with eclair android supports more than one google accounts and since the market 3.0 update of market all android apps treat all google accounts on your phone the same way . take note however that it is not possible to transfer your google wallet history and purchases . so if a year from now you want to change your domain name for your email address you will need to keep the old account on your phone or rebuy all your apps again . it is for this reason that i recommend you to create a gmail account an purchase apps with that not with your apps account .
galaxy s2 does not support ota updates . . . so it is unlikely that you will be able to check for updates from your phone . the same " connection failed " error comes to me when i try that in my phone .
dial *#8736364# to check for an update .
i have no idea why , but rebooting second time and trying to turn off/on the wifi icon on the homescreen several times did finally work .
i found it ! the answer was in pit file , because as it says here : you will only need to use this if a firmware update needs to change your partition layout ( very very unlikely ) or if you mess up you partition table ( you don’t want to do this ) which is definitely my case . so , i tried that gt-i8190n and gt-i8190 should be used with different pit files ( i tried to use for gt-i8190 one ) . so i found long list of pit files here .
no , you can not . those roms are intended for those devices only . flashing a rom that is not compatible with the device can brick the device . you should wait for 4.4 roms for your devices .
this is one of the reasons a smartphone without a sdcard slot is an absolute no-go for me : if you cannot access the device anymore ( e . g . the device no longer powers up ) , and do not want your data " in the cloud " -- you can say good-bye to your data . . . but to your issue : sim card as you state all your contact data are on the sim card -- no worries for those . as soon as you stick the sim card into the new device , those contact data are there . unless you have used a minisim until now and the new device only supports microsim ( or any other reason you cannot simply put the sim card into the new phone ) . so in case of that , you can . . . open your contacts app on the old phone tap the menu key select export/import export all contacts to your sdcard then , we handle those data together with the other sdcard stuff . text messages they are a completely different issue . here you would need a special backup app to retrieve them . as with the contacts " export " , this would also require you to at least be able to use your old phone somehow . if your pc runs windows , you might want to take a look at myphoneexplorer , which comes with an android client ( the link points there ) and a pc component . not running windows myself , i can only report hear-say -- but it should be able to synchronize your android device with your pc , including contacts , text messages , and more . it even lets you remote-control your device to a degree , according to the comments . a similiarly powerful tool for windows users is moborobo , also worth a look ( see addictivetips for a description ) . not being on windows , but being able to use your old device 's screen at least basically , message sync can export your messages on the old and import them on the new device ; sms backup and restore would be an alternative choice . sdcard take out the sdcard from the old phone , put it into a card reader , and attach it to your pc . your pc should show this as a new drive . attach your new phone to your computer using a usb cable . it should offer you to select a connection mode . depending on what is available , chose either usb mass storage or mtp . again , your pc should now offer this as a new drive . use your favorite file explorer on the pc to copy all the data from the sdcard to your new device safely remove and disconnect both devices from your pc if you had to export your contacts on the old phone via the contacts app , use the same procedure to import them to your new device
i do not know if you have tried it or not , but use kies or mobilego . i think your phone will be automatically detected ; no need for touch screen . then , backup all the things you want . then , unplug it and connect the new phone and restore the data .
i believe fennec ( firefox mobile ) will have this feature , but it is currently only in alpha . you can get a copy of the alpha here . note that you will need about 40mb+ of internal storage space free to install it .
i do not see a firefox extension that bring bookmarks to your phone permanently . there are a few suggestions in this question but they are designed more for sending links on a one-time basis . getting the del . icio . us firefox add-on and the del . icio . us add-on for the android dolphin browser might be the best bet . ( i knew i saw this somewhere on here . . . props to this answer which mentions del . icio . us for android . )
if you have a htc phone and windows , then htc sync will do this .
xmarks premium allows to synchronize all bookmarks between different pcs ( supports chrome , firefox and more ) and different mobile phones/tablet ( android , iphone , blackberry ) for 12$/year .
afaik pdroid is the best solution . ( except you need to be rooted ) you could even set a custom gps location per app . permission explorer is a good alternative .
the only reason you lost your user data was because of the oem unlock command - the documentation says this will erase all user data for security . you can install cwm using fastboot fastboot flash recovery &lt;path to recovery image&gt; , and to will not erase userdata . recovery is not a must for root - but it is recommended .
fastboot oem unlock always deletes userdata for security reasons , so it must be used only once ( until you lock again manually ) . cwm is needed if you want to flash a root package ( you can not push it via fastboot ) , but that is not usually the only way to root a device . the cwm install needs only the fastboot flash recovery recovery_name command , which does not affect user data .
try this widget for locking your screen with just one click . what exactly do you mean by your second question ?
the app is called advanced screen control , the feature is called proximity wakelock and its based on the proximity sensor . its my app . :- )
i am not aware of such an app/feature right now , but you could use the collective effect of a couple of apps to get almost the desired thing . lightning bug : this is a cool free app that has always-on display feature and shows the clock , ( and weather , etc . ) and more . screen filter : this app will allow you to reduce the brightness even lower than what the android system would allow you to . however , when you want to put your device into standby , you will need to open these apps to get the effect . also , running these apps does not mean it is in " lock " mode . i see a great potential for an app that does both of these together and also put the device into lock mode at the same time .
the built-in tethering should be Settings-&gt;Wireless and Network-&gt;Tethering &amp; portable hotspot-&gt;USB tethering . i think the name of the menu simply changed between cm6 and cm7 from " tethering " to " tethering and portable hotspot " . edit : additionally , it appears that some phones are simply not supported due to kernel issues . for these devices , the menu option will not be present . this thread on the cyanogenmod forums discusses this , and notes at least two devices which fall into this category ( the htc tattoo and the zte blade ) .
my workplace has exchange email and i have managed to have it sync with my google account and not use my main google calendar , with relatively little work . i have the following setup : me@google personal google account me@work exchange account me@work google account ( go to google , sign up for new account , use me@work as " existing email address" ) that is separate from my main google account google calendar sync on my work computer linking to my me@work google account me@work google calendar shared with my me@google google calendar it does have the downside of needing the a computer to be active ( no easy way around that that i know of ) but it has the upside that it partitions my work events into a separate calendar and integrates tightly into my heavy personal google use . there is a .netapplication that someone wrote that lives as a service on a windows server and periodically does the sync itself . but i can not seem to find it now , and it does require you to have a windows server you had be allowed to run it on . and if you have to leave a windows machine running anyway , you could just put outlook on it and use google calendar sync . if you had admin rights on the exchange server , this might also be an option : http://code.google.com/p/google-calendar-connectors/wiki/overview
everything that is synced to your google calendar on your phone should also be on your google calendar on the net (https://www.google.com/calendar). you can have multiple calendars in google calendar , perhaps the calendar you are phone is syncing to is not set to be visible in the web view ?
if you have outlook 2007 , you can use the built-in publish my calendar feature to publish it to microsoft servers , which will make the ics feed available to add as a calendar in google calendar . in outlook 2007 , go to the calendar section and click the " publish my calendar . . . " link . fill out that dialog and it will start syncing . if necessary , feel free to adjust which calendars are shown in your android device via the calendar app 's option menu item " calendars " .
as far as i know , you can not transfer files over android beam , just urls/locations etc . this is because android beam does not use bluetooth or wifi direct in addition to the nfc transfer , which means that an average photo would take 30+ seconds to beam . in android 4.1+ ( jelly bean ) you can transfer files with nfc+bt , and s beam uses nfc+wifi direct .
you can install the official ' htc transfer tool ' from the google play store on your old s3 and new htc one . pure simplicity : )
short answer you cant . google music provides no api to access you music and playlists that are stored in the google music cloud .
go check " plug in music widget " at android market . it is working with google music and free .
i tried this from my samsung galaxy ace plus and it worked : from ur mobile , click menu > settings > applications > development untick usb debugging , stay awake , allow mock locations insert usb cable from mobile to pc/laptop > " enable usb debugging " > ok drag down the the usb icon from the upper left part of the screen tap on " connect usb " > " connect to usb storage " then , automatically , ur pc/laptop will now detect ung mobile/sd device from the laptop/pc , select " open folder to view files " there , u'll see memory card storage and mobile storage as " removable disk . . . " ( mine is g ) you should now be able to transfer files from pc> mobile and vice versa hope this helps .
try to key in this in dialer *#7284# it has 4 option there . . uart modem pda usb modem pda for usb . select the pda . if it already selected to pda . reselect it by select modem and then pda again . . only change the usb setting . . andthen press back . try reconnect to kies again . . hope it helps . .
hey you can try to solve this in two ways either you can download samsung kies and using that you can connect your phone , or if not by that way then u can check in your phone that is your usb debugging on its in settings option > application > development see that is it checked or not , if its checked then it means its on . . you can also download pda net and install in your pc thats also one of the way if you dont want to install samsung kies
when windows sees it as " the device has malfunctioned " it is a different issue than when it says " drivers were not installed , your device may not work properly . " if it says " malfunction " it is a problem with the usb hardware connections themselves , albeit the cable end or the device port . try using some electrical contact cleaner and a soft tooth brush and the clear the port with a compressed air duster can . just spray a little of the cleaner on the brush and gently clean your port and/or cable . then spray area just enough to dry with air duster . worked well for me . if you take it to a service shop they will do it for you for a minimal fee .
this problem might be because you dont have the neceasary drivers . make sure you have the USB debugging mode on for your device . then use Samsung Kies , a software like itunes , to detect your device .
i had the same prob as my s3 is not deteced on my mac , but it is very easy to solve : connect your s2 to your pc using a datacable now in your phone , go to settings&rarr ; more&rarr ; usb utilities turn on usb mass storage button . it works .
are you sure that usb debugging mode is on ? under Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Development you should see an option for USB Debugging -- if that is not checked you will not be able to mount your phone .
is not it so strange that on some computer config it is not a problem ? ? ? in many cases a third party software is the badass ( e.g. firewall , antivirus apps . ) always try on another machine before you go back to the shop:- )
in addition to what the others have already answered , if you just want to access the files on the phone 's storage and sd card , you can just mount the file system . unplug the usb cable , then settings > wireless and network > usb utilities > connect storage to pc
i have had the same problem . i was so annoyed that i did a factory reset . it clears all your data , but it also solved my issue .
no . swiftkey does not have a 9-key mode .
for a start , you can not install " vanilla android " on a non-nexus device . see flash a smartphone with vanilla android rom for more . the closest you can get is a custom rom that was originally based on aosp and then ported to your device , such as cyanogenmod . the custom rom 's documentation should say whether it has the drivers for the stylus , and if so , it'll work just like a more precise touchscreen . you still will not get any special stylus features ( like extra buttons or pressure-sensitivity ) in this case , though . there is no standard android interface for such features , so they rely on the vendor 's proprietary library and interfaces for apps to support them . again , you should check the custom rom 's documentation to find out how much is supported .
i had the same problem : s-planner and email would not sync . in the sync settings was also an item saying " master sync disabled " but no indication as to how to enable it ! the fix for me was to go to the options menu of the phone ( when you swipe your finger down from the top of the screen ) . you should then see a few green and blue symbols ( bluetooth/wifi etc . ) . at the top right there is a gear wheel icon and next to this on the right is another button which when clicked will show all the different icons for your phone settings . press this and look for the " sync " icon . if it is disabled ( blue ) then click to enable it .
i had a problem like this with my sprint evo shift , except toggling 3g would usually get things to work . while i was debugging i found a free app called reset connections that was at least faster than toggling data services off and on again . i do not know if that will solve your problem , but it is something to try .
have you tried force closing ? Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage Applications &gt; Browser &gt; Force Close ?
i had the same problem with my galaxy s and home wifi , but it got fixed by disabling and enabling wifi to register it again to my router . maybe you could try to go to flight mode and then back to normal mode to re-register with your network ?
i believe this is the app that can solve your problem . . . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.james.smartuninstaller i hope it helps ! : )
you have a special mount point* for /mnt/sdcard/download , so umount it with umount /mnt/sdcard/download remove the directory rm -rf /mnt/sdcard/download and try to figure out what cause your android to use this special mount . if you just want read-write access , run this command : mount -o remount,rw /mnt/sdcard/download and then you will be able to rm anything inside . *figured out by the discussions in your question thread
i am not sure if you are still having this issue or not , but a couple of things that come to mind : in the output you paste in your responses , you mix terminal output with $ and # . you need to be root all the time which means that you should always see a # . if i were you , i would first check the permissions on the old download directory with something like ls -alh | grep &lt;foldername&gt; . who owns the directory , what group ? try changing ownership with chown , changing chmod to 777 recursively ( just throwing stuff at the wall here to see what sticks ) . after setting yourself ( root ) as the owner and giving everyone full rights to the directory recursively , i would try rm -rfv &lt;foldername&gt; and see what output i got . hopefully this might help someone else . also , when you do ls -alh it should show you if it is a symlink , and if so to where . if it is a mounted folder , i would run something like mount | grep &lt;foldername&gt; to see what is going on .
both /data and /sdcard are erased when you do fastboot oem unlock . so you lose not just files on the " sd card " , but all installed applications and their internal settings and data . yes , you can use adb backup to backup your data and then restore it later , either with adb restore or titanium backup pro . however , when i did this ( using adb restore ) , my mms messages were lost ; it seems that the backup did not save them , though maybe i just did something wrong . there is also a way to root without unlocking your bootloader . once rooted , you can use bootunlocker to unlock it without wiping data .
reading it again : the way you speak of synchronizing , you probably use imap . so if you move mails out of one folder on one client , this gets synced to the other clients as well . if the archive is a local folder , you will thus not find them on your s3 anymore ( as for this client , the mails simply got " deleted" ) . but if it is a subfolder on the imap server , you simply need to locate this folder on your sgs3 . how this is done , depends on the client used -- so we cannot tell you unless you specify those details requested in the comments .
50 mb is not much . consider that for installation , the apk gets probably temporarily stored there ( in /data/local ( not always sometimes it is in the /cache/download/ folder ) -- at least that is what the playstore app does , i am not sure about a " local install " where the .apk probably is available from your sdcard ) for processing , then gets installed ( below /data/app ) and initializes its data ( below /data/data ) . and during all that , it should leave enough free space to allow all other apps to work normally : creating temporary files , log files ( at least the latter again being stored below /data in many cases , e . g those you can access via logcat ) , and manipulate their data ( guess where -- yes , again below /data/data ) . so you see : most of these actions take place on the /data partition . now look what size the .apk of sbp shell 3d has . something about 10 . . 15 mb ? so when installed , it creates its data structure below /data/data as well , which adds to this . and during all that installation process , free space probably falls below 30 mb ( if it really requires a copy in /data/local for the install , even below 20 mb ) -- which is why the system alerts about " free space getting low " . the solution already came with the warning : uninstall some apps . or move some bigger ones / rarely used apps to sd , if possible . or clean up some cache -- but that will only help temporarily . you might also want to check some other space/installation related questions here : why is “insufficient storage” wrongly reported when installing an . apk via adb ? is there a way to workaround the phone memory limit for installed apps ? why can not i install apps when i have enough storage ? application does not get installed : insufficient storage available could be good starting points .
i have not seen any android system supporting ntfs out-of-the-box . could be some customroms do , or there are some " root mods " . so without root , it might get hard ( though there might be some userspace mods as well , technically spoken ) . if your device is rooted , you could take a look at ntfs mounter , which might or might not support your huawai ( take care to have a backup at hand anyway until you can be sure everything works as expected ) . moreover , there was an article at xda-developers in june on full ntfs read/write support for android you might want to read : according to the op , he compiled a generic ntfs-3g driver for android that should work on all arm devices with a fuse.ko module . as it involves a kernel module to be loaded , it again requires root . and also again : it might or might not work on your device , take care for backups . a third source is paragon 's ntfs and hfs+ for android ( also available at google play ) . paragon is quite well-known with disk utilities on windows , so i would trust them to get the ntfs part right . but as you might have guessed : this tool requires root as well , plus the above mentioned fuse module . if you need more details , try the google search for " android ntfs " where i got above results from , all on page 1 ; )
it seems you are accidently triggering the generation of a bug reports , as described on this google support site ( click on the nexus link ) : generate a bug report immediately : press volume ( in between up and down ) and power at the same time ( after a > significant delay -- up to a minute -- the device will vibrate if successful and open a new message in gmail ) . in my case , my device had a case which was triggering the bug report by inadvertently pressing ' volume ' and ' power '
are you sure that you are not seeing locally cached data ? i just tried it my self and changed my google password . directly afterwards the gmail app was not able to send or receive any mails on my desire with 2.3 custom rom . warning to everybody who want to verify this on his own : if you try this on your own remember that you can not change your password back to the original one . google saves it and you can never use it again !
your phone does not store the password , it has some kind of session key . i would have expected it to be invalidated when you changed the password , but apparently google does not do that . you had have to ask them why .
the same thing happens on my nexus 7 running 4.2 and as answered in the other question the only way i found to get the screen back on was to perform a " soft reset " . hold down the power button for around 30 seconds , the device should start a soft reset ( i.e. . you do not lose any data/settings etc . ) and reboot . not really fixing the root cause of the issue but it is easier than taking out the battery every time . this is also assuming the holding down the power button to reset works on the galaxy nexus and that it is the same issue but it sounds very similar and has only happened after i upgraded to 4.2 .
it could be that something in your data is causing this to malfunction - to solve this you would have to do a factory reset . before you do that however , please try and do a soft reset ( remove battery for 10 seconds , reinsert ) . if that fails to work , do a full factory reset - you will want to ensure you have backed up your apps beforehand . if that also fails to work , then it is most likely a hardware issue , and you will have to have the screen replaced .
the solution : enable animations http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40019
disable automatic brightness in your settings .
i use launcher pro as my default homescreen and i can have a favorite contacts shortcut by doing the following steps : 1 . press the menu button and select the shortcuts option 2 . then select the activites option 3 . then select contacts--> phone 4 . give it a name 5 . there must be a favorites shortcut
if you use dialer one as your dialer or even if you install it but use the default stock dialer app , you can get to the favorites screen by long pressing a blank area of the homescreen , and from the shortcuts menu , choosing favorites .
select the settings button ( ) on the top-right corner . in the settings screen , scroll down to the " relays " section and tick the box next to " relaying - enable your device to be a non-exit relay " . the relay will listen to port 9001 by default , but you can adjust that by changing the relay port .
it is a pretty safe bet that something is going on with your headphone jack . it could simply be defective or damaged but there is a strong possibility that it may simply need to be cleaned . pocket lint or other materials accumulating in your headphone jack could be the issue . this was a common issue i encountered when working with customers phones at verizon and many times we would use compressed air to clean out debris from the jack , although occasionally we would have to actually insert a tool into the jack to clean it . debris shifting around inside the jack could also explain the intermittent nature of the issue . just be careful cleaning if you do find any debris and make sure you do not damage the jack or void your warranty .
to connect your samsung galaxy s4 to a tv , you need to use an 11-pin mhl cable . 11-pin mhl cables are usually y-shaped , and state specifically that they are for samsung phones . that is the only way . you can not use a 5-pin mhl cable with this phone . you can not use an app or custom rom , or any other kind of software on the phone , to get around the need for the right cable . see how does mhl work ? for more information .
i agree with user61926 , you have the the cpu type for an android wearable but the display type is not set for an android wearbale . taken from developer . android . com 2 . set up the android wear emulator launch the android virtual device manager . 1a . from eclipse , select window > android virtual device manager . 1b . from android studio , select tools > android > avd manager . click new . for the avd name , enter " androidwearsquare " or " androidwearround " , depending on whether you want to create an emulator with a square or round display . for the device , select android wear square or android wear round . for the target , select android 4.4.2 - api level 19 ( or higher ) . for the cpu/abi , select **android wear arm ( armeabi-v7a ) . note : android wear is designed to support multiple processor architectures . ** for the skin , select androidwearsquare or androidwearround . leave all other options set to their defaults and click ok . although real android wearables do not provide a keyboard as an input method , you should keep hardware keyboard present selected so you can provide text input on screens where users will instead provide voice input . in the list of avds , select the one you just created and click start . in the following window , click launch . the android wear emulator now starts . to begin testing your app 's notifications , you must now pair the emulator to your development device that has the android wear preview app installed . tip : to improve the emulator startup time , edit your avd and enable snapshot under emulator options . when you start the emulator , select save to snapshot then click launch . once the emulator is running , close it to save a snapshot of the system . start the avd again , but select launch from snapshot and deselect save to snapshot . caution : do not install apps on the android wear emulator . the system does not support traditional android apps and the result of running such apps is unpredictable .
it is something to do with the cpu type you have chosen ( android wear ) and the skin ? do android wearables really support up to hvga screens ?
i believe you will need to remove the associated google account on your device . go to android 's settings > personal > accounts and sync . tap on the account you want to remove . next , tap the overflow/menu icon and choose remove account http://support.google.com/android/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=1663649
this is normally face detection that turns the screen off so that you cannot press buttons with your cheek . if moving the phone away from your face does not turn it on , then you should be able to turn it on with the power button .
for things like podcasts , the experience should be far more slick than the clunky apple need to plug into a pc and use itunes . most services on android are about the device itself doing all of the syncing directly with the internet , not needing to have a pc in the middle that you have to plug into to get updates . for podcasts , you can use something like google listen , this keeps the list of your podcast subscriptions in google reader , and syncs and downloads new episodes wirelessly throughout the day ( though if you are concerned about data usage you can configure it to only download when you are on a wifi network ) . i have not personally used it , but other apps like doggcatcher keep your subscriptions on the device and wirelessly sync throughout the day in similar ways . for music syncing , there is nothing built-in , but apps like winamp allow you to do a wireless music sync with a pc running winamp , again other apps also allow that , but i have not used them .
i have heard good things about doubletwist from mac users , allows you to continue using itunes to sync your music . have not tried it myself since spotify does enough for me , and itunes is not really pleasant on a pc , had enough of it when i had an iphone .
you must have been confused by seeing too many files for the update . actually there is only one file to update to ics and hence it is the right file . the file is ruu , i.e. rom update utility . so from , http://www.htcdev.com/devcenter/downloads download desire s htc wwe ruu n/a v4.0 404.0 mb 14.01.401.2 and yes the region is wwe for this case .
there are more differences between android devices than between different pc machines . so you need to know things like which cpu and hardware and version of it you got in the device . then look for an android firmware that supports your phone . you might be able to compile your own firmware from source for your device , also depending on your devices hardware and how well you can handled fails there . after an upgrade , your device will end up in different shape with regard to what works and not after the upgrade . it might even work flawlessly . you might even get a " bricked " device if you fail the upgrade and are a bit unlucky . so , it all depends on what hardware you have and how good support linux and android has to your device hardware . that is why the phone manufacturers and your telephone operator test the upgrades in many ways before they push it out to the customers . but if you know this and are technical skilled and know that you might make your phone usless , you can always try .
it depends on your hardware and the images of roms which may be available . there are many roms for many android handsets out . cyanogen has allowed many devices see 2.3.3 even if their provide has not released an update . like anders said , there are possibilities of bricking your device deeming it unusable . i know this , because i have done it to my htc magic , and half-bricked my htc desire z ( it is fine now ! : ) )
something very similar happened to me not long ago . the sd card , when inserted into the phone , would cause the phone to be very unresponsive and eventually reboot itself , over and over , as long as the card was plugged in . now for the bad news . i inserted a different sd card , which worked just fine in the phone . so i took the malfunctioning sd card and attempted to reformat it on my computer , but after reinserting it into the phone , the phone still claimed it was a " damaged sd card " and refused to do anything with it - even format it again ! though it did stop boot looping . after talking with verizon it seems the sd card really was defective and i am getting a replacement . i hope you are able to recover some of your files from the card before you have to replace it , or that you have backups ( though it sounds like you do not ) .
yesterday i had the same problem , and finally i found the solution . flash twrp recovery on your one x , and power off . then connect your phone to your pc by using usb cable boot into twrp recovery select mount and storage on twrp menu and the select mount usb storage , after doing this your pc should see your phone as usb storage . copy your rom file into sdcard on your pc . disconnect the phone from pc , reboot your phone into bootloader and then run twrp recovery . before flashing rom full wipe is recommended to avoid problems , so full wipe by twrp recovery or by fastboot commands ( fastboot erase cache ) flash compatible boot . img by using fastboot commands ( fastboot flash boot bootfile . img ) full wipe your device then flash the rom . zip by using twrp , that is all .
i think that samsung started using ota updates on gingerbread , i.e. since 2.3 , so you had have to update to this either via kies or odin before you can update the firmware without a pc . after that , the availability depends on your carrier if the firmware is branded or samsung if it is a nonbranded version .
from this thread : well everyone , seems amazon went and did an update and just wanted to confirm so that everyone knows the steps in root working 10.2.4 kindle fire 2 root made easy still do work on the updated 10.2.6 here 's tutorial about rooting kindle on 10.2.4 .
i believe what you are asking about are similar to the verizon ringback tones , right ? ringback tones are not set from a phone level , they are a feature added and managed by the carrier . your wireless carrier could probably change it for you , but there is no way you could manage it all from your phone . i know verizon offers ringback tones , if that is the feature you are looking for you could ask about that . would be a cool feature , if it were possible .
the sound someone hears when they call a phone is dependent on the person they are calling . this is why , no matter where in the world you are , when you call a us number , you get the us " ringing " tone , whereas if you call a european number , you get the european " ringing " . the providers of the person you are calling are what provides the ringing tone . some carriers , like verizon , offer the ability for you to set tones for others to hear , usually for an added monthly fee . verizon would essentially answer the call and play the music while it continues to try and reach you . once you answer ( or it is sent to voicemail ) , then the music would end and verizon would connect the call on their end . this might be manageable on the phoen via an app from verizon , but you would be changing their settings for your phone number that is stored on their servers . nothing locally on the phone is capable of changing what the incoming caller will hear for a ringtone .
no you can not do that with the stock camera application . try some third-party applications from play store photography apps . may be you can find some luck there . edit - well i found this one for you . have any luck ? camera android
did you enable screen rotation ? in the samsung galaxy s4 , it is in the pulldown menu . it can also be found in : System settings &gt; My device &gt; Display &gt; Auto-rotate screen .
actually , i found that all downloaded files are always stored in /mnt/sdcard/Download no matter they are " opened " or " saved " so i can grab them from there with any file manager
seepu is another app that will monitor your phone 's cpu , memory and network usage . from lifehacker 's artcile on seepu : seepu puts monitoring meters in your android phone 's notification area . you can monitor the cpu usage , ram usage , and network activity . you can adjust the frequency the monitor is updated , how the data is displayed—just cpu or cpu and ram combined , upload and download or combine network activity , etc .
watchdog will monitor your phone 's performance and alert you of issues . here 's a quote from the lifehacker article on watchdog . watchdog runs in the background , watching for apps to start using more than a certain percentage of cpu power that you specify ( with a default of 80 percent ) . when it notices an app going out of bounds , it notifies you and offers options to kill the app , ignore it , or add it to your " whitelist " of pay-no-mind programs . by default , watchdog does not use much power itself , only checking in every two minutes or so , but you can make it run more real-time if you had like to really pin down a problem you know is happening .
if you are streaming music via your wifi connection , you might wish to check your wifi settings , and there go to " advanced settings " . here is defined how wifi should behave when the phone goes to " standby " . the default usually is to disable wifi , so you might want to set it to be kept alive : wifi advanced settings and sleep policy while screens might look a little different depending on the device being used , these screenshots should help you identifying the settings : )
(Menu button) More -&gt; Find on page .
some versions of the touchwiz launcher already have the ability to sort alphabetically . open the app drawer , press menu , view type , and choose alphabetical grid or alphabetical list .
since you are on a samsung , i believe you have touchwiz ( i believe the ace does , anyway ) . you can try the touchwiz appsorter app from the market . it requires your phone to be rooted in order for it to work . if you do not have root , one option is to wipe the data for the launcher application , which will force it to re-sort the apps . you do this by going into Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications and finding the launcher ( should be called " twlauncher " , i think ) . then you select that and hit clear data . be warned , though , that this will wipe your home screen settings , meaning that any widgets or home screen icons you have set up will need to be reconfigured . you can easily set them back up , but it can be a bit annoying . you had also have to do this every time you install a new app . another alternative would be to install a different launcher . most third-party launcher applications seem sort alphabetically by default from what i have seen . adw . launcher and launcher pro are fairly popular choices . here is a related xda thread with some discussion ( aimed at the galaxy s i9000 , but essentially the same ) . some of your options do depend on what version of touchwiz you have .
i suppose you prob got a new phone by now or fixed it . but if you say the "The new battery charged once successfully" you mean you were able to charge it only with the phone off ? if so , sounds like you might have had a short circuit somewhere near the battery 's usb port connection , and only occurs when a certain circuit is on due to the phone being on . or it could be just something is loose . . . hard to tell from the details given . what i would do is try and take it apart again and see if anything got damaged or loose around that area . gotta keep in mind these devices are very delicate and use low voltages . you gotta do fixes like this as if they were " surgery " and take all precautions , proper tools , etc . a bit of static electricity discharging from your hand or even damaging the track in the board somehow can cause big time damage . tiny transistors are easily damaged by static electricity so always wear a anti-static wriststrap when doing these repairs . let us know what happened ! ?
how about using a 3rd party file explorer such as es file explorer ? ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pop ) itallows you to select how a file can be opened . if it finds an unknown extension , it asks you if you would like to open the file as text/audio/video . . . i guess that would be what you are looking for .
a programming editor might solve your issue . take a look at e.g. 920 text editor or droidedit : 920 text editor and droidedit ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) both support at least syntax highlighting for several programming languages , and from the screenshot at least droidedit seems to be able to directly work with dropbox ( see the headline ) .
it will indeed have english . the default language may be german , but it can be changed in the settings .
use any application you want for recording your calls ! use an app like dropspace to set up sync lists , mark your recording directory and voila you are done and set to go like a boss :d
you can do this from the app you are currently using . go to the settings and click the dropbox link which can be found under cloud . make sure you have installed dropbox and you are connected to the internet . image : google play . click here for a larger variant . there are other options such as call recorder with dropbox as well .
this depends upon the rom that you are using . if its stock , you are stuck , for most oems do not allow sending big reports as such . if its a google device , or any other device running aosp , then , the link you have posted is appropriate . be sure to provide as much related and useful info as possible . if you are running custom roms , they had often provide you with links , so as to where to post bug reports , ( most often being the thread itself ( assuming that you are using a custom rom taken from a forum ) ) , which is where you ought to be posting bug reports .
the dropbox app for android does not save files to a " folder " like the pc version does . android has stronger security and does not let apps access other apps ' files , so even if it did do that , the browser would not be able to read the image . when you choose to open a file that is listed in dropbox , the dropbox app creates a special uri that points to that one file . it uses an intent to start an activity to view that uri , and sets a special flag to say that the new activity ( in this case , the web browser ) has permission to access only that uri . that means that there is no path you can put in the html file that lets the browser read the image : it has dropbox 's permission to read only the file you clicked on . if you want to have a directory of html files and images that all load in the browser , you need to store it on the sd card ( rather than in one app 's data ) where any app can read and write any file . i do not believe the dropbox app has the feature of being able to sync directories on the sd card , but you could use another app to achieve that . for example , you could use an ftp client to sync the directory with one on an ftp server . the answers to this question have lots of suggestions for how to keep directories in sync with dropbox or another server .
i have dropbox installed on my moto droid v1 ( android os 2.2.2 ) . i placed an html file that referenced an image in a dropbox folder . the image was in a sub-folder . dropbox\folder\index . html dropbox\folder\img\image.jpg i first downloaded just the index . html and opened it in the htmlviewer . the image link is broken . i then downloaded the image.jpg file , then returned to index . html and viewed in htmlviewer . the image now appears properly . i am not sure if it has anything to do with it , but you may want to try switching your file extension to . html , and verify that the doctype of your file is set properly : &lt;!DOCTYPE html&gt; 
the consequences of disabling the ril daemon ( rild ) is hardware dependent . because ril is getting more and more involved in all aspects of radio related items , including wifi . the easiest way to stop ril is by killing rild . but you need to have a rooted device to do this . open a command shell and get root prompt ( # ) . # kill -9 `pidof rild`  you can then check the current status with : # getprop |grep init.svc.ril ... [init.svc.ril-daemon]: [stopped] [init.svc.ril-qmi]: [stopped]  to restart rild you have to point it to the right device and library files . you can find what these are with : # getprop | grep rild.lib ... [rild.libargs]: [-d /dev/smd0] [rild.libpath]: [/system/lib/libril-qc-qmi-1.so]  then restart with*: # rild -l /system/lib/libril-qc-qmi-1.so -- -d /dev/smd0  * ps . i have not actually tried this line , so feel free to edit this post . it is possible you also need to supply the correct se context to su as well . . .
i think any auto-update/notification settings relate to apps installed via the play store , not the play store itself . that is updated occasionally by google . you could try and force an update , if you are convinced one is available and that you are missing it , by going into the application manager and uninstalling updates for play store , then clear data , and clear cache , then running the app again and seeing if it forces the download of a newer version . ( incidentally , i have the s3 too , and am currently on v4.1.10 of the play store . which version are you on ? )
i did faced the same problem , but resolved successfully in second attempt . see if you have any usb autorun restrictions for usb devices , i do have usb security software installed , which disables autorun feature for all external devices connects to pc either usb or any optical drive . try lengthened the display timeout for your mobile device ( i set it to 30 minutes ) to ensure your device do not got disconnected and system re-connects it during upgrade process . there was a failure for my first upgrade attempt , i waited for around 40 minutes ( after firmware download completed from samsung server ) , then i removed the usb cable and kies asked whether i want to stop upgrade process or not ? i chose yes and closed the program . after that i restarted my device and i saw an empty battery and the device went off , i restarted the device after connecting the usb cable and now i saw a green battery with small dots below showing progress , simultaneously i saw a window showing me to enable emergency repair for firmware , i followed steps and that was not successful , but my device was working perfect after that process . i followed the first 2 steps mentioned above and then ran the upgrade process again and it was a smooth process upgrading the firmware successfully . thanks .
i disconnected the cable kies popped up an error message which said , the upgrade failed and offered to try to recover for me . by following the instructions on screen i was able to recover my device .
galaxy s 's are nearly unbrickable , i have never heard of one being bricked apart from the ( very few ) hardware locked ones . firmware updates have quite often failed for me and worked the next time i tried . so i would go ahead and unplug it and retry . the likely worst case is that you will need to use odin .
i had faced same problem on windows 7 . then i tried updating firmware from windows xp and it worked without any problem .
if you are encountering issues or lack of update make sure that your kies window is maximized before proceeding with the update . the hidden popups do happen and you will otherwise not be able to find them . once the window is maximized the popups get focus and you should be able to proceed with the update .
i had the exact experience tramster had . i did not wait nearly as long however . in all i tried about 5 times . my best theory is a loss of connection through a flaky usb connection . i switched from the front usb port on my computer to the back one . eventually it crashed during an emergency reset . i thought i was in trouble . i the emergency reset again , which completed . i was shocked to see that it did not revert to the previous version , but installed the update instead ! bonus . another kies problem ; long file extensions . remove or rename all files with a period ( . ) followed by more than 16 characters . this is particularly common with imported music files . " dance by dr . know featuring rx-man " for example has what the device sees as a very long extension . remove the dr . and you are good to go . connect in usb mode on the computer and do a search for * . ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? * to find all the offending files . i found . one . file . that . had lots of periods . that will not be a problem though because none of them are longer than 16 characters .
many ways lead to rome : try a rom that specifically fixes your problems : i use an ics build , sandvold 's ics for desire which comes with 4 different app2sd methods included ( xda thread ) which i find rather stable . you can have a look over to xda 's desire forum , to search for more roms . use link2sd , create a 2nd ext2/ext3/ext4 partition that a choice of your apps get moved to ( manually ) and symlinked from /data/ to . see app on google play , official faq . cm7 also supports the standard move to sdcard method that you can also use ( and might already be aware of . downside : /data get 's full anyway really soon ) you could try to flash a different bootloader ( called hboot on desire , that has another partition layout . see alpharev for instructions and downloads , there is data++ with 180mb and cm7r2 with close to 300mb free for apps at the expense of shrinking other partitions ( /system , /cache/ , . . . ) . not every rom fits all of these though . warning : not for the faint hearted ! read about the risks !
there is a post on the cyanogenmod forum that explains how to solve the problem . i followed it and have had no more problems ! it boils down to this : use the rom manager to partition the sd card install s2e and use it to move the caches to the sd card
i was exactly like you but with cm7.2 i partitioned my sd and mounted it easily using terminal emulator writing only one line of on each boot and then quick reboot from link2sd then everything is completely fine that line is : mount -t ext2 /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 /data/sdext2 but before all that you should open link2sd and select the ext2 then reboot
your computer’s usb port have lower energy output than your wall charger . there is nothing you can do about this other than getting a new computer with higher power usb power output . do note that your phone is actually charging even when it says it is not . it is just slower . if you keep the screen off and the device idle , it should be fully charged after some hours . this will be much slower than using a higher power output source .
second update ( success ) : one or more of the following ended up solving my problem ( i tried all at once instead of trying each sequentially , sorry ! ) : connect the usb cable directly to computer , not through a hub . use the heimdall command line option " --recovery " ( instead of "--recovery" ) . use the newer <a href="stackexchange-url heimdall 1.4 final . thanks to evan carroll for the info borrowed from other questions !
you might have a too restrictive firewall , either in your wifi router or your tablet . try opening up the ports that gtalk needs and check that access to gtalk servers is not blocked .
if you are connected to google servers over your wifi connection the wifi bars in the status bar should be blue . if they bars are gray then you are not connected to the google servers . i have run into this issue on open wi-fi and on some corporate wi-fi networks with a firewall . the only solution i have found is to use a third party app like trillian . i can use trillian ( with my gtalk account ) to gtalk when i am not connected to the google servers .
i have one of these awful devices also . i will just put it simply and cut straight to the chase . . . it cannot play video well at all . i have rooted mine , in hopes it would play video files too , alas it is not possible . the cpu in the device is not powerful enough to handle decoding xvid ( a common . avi file format ) , let alone higher cocmpression h . 264 ( . mkv files , sometimes . mp4 ) . i use mine for an alarm clock , as it is not much more useful than this duty/task . if you are playing a mp3 file using the built-in player , and hit the home icon , it reboots . i had high hopes for this device , but it is just junk . i have considered selling mine on craigslist , but i do not want to dump this nightmare on anyone else either , i am just not like that . if you want a good tablet , that is able to play most video 's , get an acer a500 . you can find them refurbished now for about $250 or so . they cannot play hd video , but can play almost every regular definition file you throw at it , using bsplayer , or mirage beta player . i love my a500 and use it everyday , the whole family uses it in fact , and they all really enjoy it . the pandigital is nothing short of a paperweight . i have heard their other models are just as bad . the nova is supposed to be capable of playing videos , but it has issues too . just avoid this brand totally , and go with acer or samsung . acer is much faster than samsung , whereas the samsung screen is a little better than the acer . the samsung devices are quite expensive , and most of them come with a cellular phone built in , which was something i did not want in my tablet . you can get the acer devices at walmart , but your best bet is ecost . com as they have them on sale right now . the 500 is a great dual core 1ghz processor , the 501 is dual core 1ghz with cell phone , the 510 is quad core 1ghz , and 710 will be out soon with 1.3ghz quad core .
sadly that is a limit of android kit-kat the " options " i see are : not to use mysms for sending via web , and have gosms as default sms app set mysms as default sms app , in order to send via web wait until and if in the future mysms support that feature ie . sending via sim without having the default privileges find an other app that may fit both of your needs . eg . a quite similar app is hola sms but it also needs to be default in order to work properly : ( on the other hand if you buy credits for it you can send web to sms with sender your phone number so nobody can understand that it is not a sim message . then setting it as default once in a while the messages will be synced and added to your phone .
the app is not being removed from your device , but it does get removed from the launcher . this means that the icon to start the app has been removed . you can add the icon back again by going into " all apps " and find its icon , then long-press it to drag it onto a home screen or folder .
often times , one of the main differences between android phone models is the supported frequency bands . this can be because they simply use different antennas for different bands , or because they support completely different network standards ( e . g . cdma and gsm versions ) . it is not uncommon for devices to be released with completely different names on different networks , in fact , when they are essentially the same device . for example , the original galaxy s had a number of named variants on different carriers : the captivate , the vibrant , and the fascinate . there can also be other hardware differences between variants as well . in this case specifically , the i9500 international version of the gs4 does not have an lte radio , although the i9505/i9506 does . in the gs4 's case , this is because they are built with entirely different systems on a chip : the i9500 uses an exynos whereas the others use snapdragons . significant hardware differences like this are , from what i have seen , not generally as common ( although i have no hard numbers ) , though some changes to less essential things like the camera or nfc support could exist as well 1 . the spec sheets for each version should outline this information , though , so it is worth checking since there is no real way to " generalize " these differences . the international versions will work on at and t and t-mobile usa 's 2g networks , as well as at and t 's 3g and certain t-mobile 3g areas ( ones using the 850 mhz band ) , but will not support lte on either . they will not work at all on verizon , because they do not support cdma networks nor do they support verizon 's lte band . even if they did , verizon will typically not activate non-branded phones on their network . if you are going to use verizon , you need to buy a verizon phone . can i use my device on a different carrier ? has more detailed information on how to make these determinations . a rom for one phone will not typically work on other variants , or if it does it will be somewhat broken . for example , running a rom for the gsm galaxy nexus ( maguro ) on a cdma variant ( like toro ) would often work since the hardware was largely the same , but you could not make phone calls or access 3g data or the like . in this specific scenario , i would not expect a rom for the international gs4 to run on another variant at all . they use completely different systems on a chip . in most cases , the only real " con " , as such , to owning an unlocked/off-network phone is that you cannot get official support for the device through your carrier . they will often be willing to provide some kind of equipment protection plan or insurance , but if you go into a store or call customer service for technical support they will not be able to help you . 1 with samsung it may be slightly more common , because of the nature of the situation . they designed the exynos chipset , which is why they use it in their devices in place of qualcomm 's snapdragon , but they did not have an exynos soc that supported lte at the time . thus , in markets where they intend to support lte , they sometimes go with entirely different chips ( like snapdragons ) .
i am going to presume this was a side-loaded app with a potential malware payload , since you mention you cannot find it on google play store . first step is to see if the application can be prevented from uninstall because it has set itself up as a device administrator , sort of a protected app . see settings> security> device administrators , and deactivate both or either , if listed . you may need to provide a device administrator password to do so . then try to see if they will uninstall normally . if not a device administrator , you may still attempt to uninstall normally , just finding it in a different list , the " all " list . see settings> application manager> all ( far right column ) find the application ( s ) in the list . try to uninstall this way , or at the very least " disable " or " turn off " if those operations are possible . to prevent side-loading apps in the future , see settings> security> unknown sources , and uncheck .
i had this same problem today on my s3 , although it was not just deleting that did not work . nothing i did within my phone 's gmail app would sync properly--archiving , marking as read , etc . i was able to fix it by clearing cache , and clearing data ( both found on the app info page--settings-> manage apps ) . once i did this , i had to reboot , as gmail kept crashing . after a reboot , everything was back to normal .
are you using the gmail app or the htc mail app ? the first one , gmail app , will have everything synced right away . the other option , using htc mail will be using a pop/imap account for accessing your gmail . in that case you can update the pop/imap settings in your gmail account logging in with a browser and going to your settings . there you can choose if you want messages to be deleted or not .
from page 53 of the user guide , you need to install the android sdk and use adb to load applications . if you do this with the market ( 3.3.12 ) i would expect you would be able to use it normally after that .
i also have the pandigital novel , did the update but it only gives you a 1.5 android , which originally was promised to be a 1.6 android . secondly , the slidesam 4.0 becomes slidesam 4.1 with the firmware update , but now crashes regularly when entering the android market online . . . all in all , pandigital left us hanging with no options . . . if you are lucky , you can hack your pandigital and give it the honeycomb 3.0 android but if you are like me , ( not a programmer ) , you would not know a honeycomb if it hit you upside the head !
if you happen to find a way to install .apk files directly to your novel , there are files to install the 3.0.26 market , or if that one is not compatible for some reason or does not work well ( it is the newest one ) , heres a link to the 2.3.6 market .
i just solved the contacts force close issue on my droid 3 . i had frozen several apps with titanium backup . the fix was to unfreeze these 2 items : yahoo contacts 2.3.4 and yahoo ! mail authenticator 2.3.4 immediately my issues were resolved . running rooted stock rom hope this helps others . i have benefited plenty from others ' posts . : )
try to use the original earphone . the original earphone has volume control on it , if you use different earphone you can get this problem .
i would suggest trying an app like audio manager . i have not tried it on ics myself .
touch sounds are controlled by your ringer and notification volume . torque it all the way up , and if it still is not loud enough , download power amp .
try checking the limit box and then setting limit and warning bars higher some other forums have said it should work
most of these properties are in /system/build . prop ( or a file like that ) . but i believe the android.os.build.serial is actually set when the device first boots . the system gets the device serial number and adds it to the properties . i actually found a commit in some cyanogenmod code that you can see how exactly it is set : ( now this does say it is somewhat of a hack , but it is set when the device boots ) . from git : 57| sprintf(buf, "ro.serialno=%s", serial); 
there is no " standard non-htc " version of android , your device needs custom drivers and therefore a customized version of android . if you install a custom rom it will most certainly be pre-rooted . you should check xda 's desire hd development subforum for custom roms . read a few threads and decide on one that sounds good , then follow the instructions to flash it . if there are no instructions then just put the rom . zip on your sd card , reboot into clockworkmod recovery , and follow the menus to flash it .
i use android screenshots and screen capture , and it works well .
you mentioned that video capture is your goal but does that mean that it has to be live on your pc ? if what you are looking to do is get a capture of your phone 's screen so that you can post it to youtube or something , consider trying to capture locally on the device then transferring that video file to your computer for processing and upload . this might give you better results than trying to " cast " your phone 's screen to your pc live and then capture it there . if your note 3 has been upgraded to android 4.4 . x kitkat you can use adb 's built-in screenrecord utility . full documentation is available from google android developer support . here are the basics : to use the screenrecord from the command line , type the following : adb shell screenrecord /sdcard/demo.mp4 stop the screen recording by pressing ctrl-c , otherwise the recording stops automatically at three minutes or the time limit set by --time-limit . google also outlines the following limitations : some devices may not be able to record at their native display resolution . if you encounter problems with screen recording , try using a lower screen resolution . rotation of the screen during recording is not supported . if the screen does rotate during recording , some of the screen is cut off in the recording . audio is not recorded with the video file .
from google : to see some sample cards from the main google now screen , touch Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Sample cards . when you’re finished and want to get back to the main google now screen , touch Hide sample cards .
download the latest version of moboplayer take the . apk file , copy it to your nc , open the file through on nc and installed it .
if your smartphone can download this new video player app download it on your smartphone and then transfer apk file to your son 's smartphone , using this application share app . best lucks . .
here is some information about good media player on nook color : http://drippler.com/barnes_noble/nook_color#!560253 you can try vlc nightly build for armv7: http://nightlies.videolan.org/build/android-armv7/
according to this article you can enable app sideloading in the following way ( text in italics is mine ) : enable unknown sources there’s a hidden settings menu on the nook tablet that lets you install apps from unkown sources . you can’t get to it just by navigating through the settings , but xda-developers forum member lionclaw has provided an easy way to open the settings menu from your web browser . fire up the web browser and visit http://comptonsoft.com/test/ click the “download tgps_launcher” link . ( they have changed it for " download appmenu " link , you can use this ) you should see a notification in the lower left corner of your device . click the notification and tap the entry that says tgps_launcher . apk download complete . ( now it should mention appmenu . apk ) if you try to install the app using the package installer , you’ll be whisked away to the screen shown above , where you can check the box next to unknown sources . once you have enabled this option , you can follow the steps described in keshava 's answer update : fortunately/unfortunately , the menu was not hard to find - all the user had to do was to try to install an app from somewhere other than b and n 's app store voila ! - the menu was triggered and the option could be enabled . that lasted about a month . calling the ability to find and enable the option a " bug " , b and n sent out an update that " fixed the problem " shortly before christmas . ever since then , the only way you can get non-b and n apps on the device is to either root it or use a dual-boot card . ( source ) therefore , your own answer is the correct one . i am sorry i could not help you to solve your problem as i would have liked .
after testing many different apps and many different versions of said apps , websites listing what apps work and what apps do not , and more than a few other things , i have reached the conclusion that , you cannot load 3rd party video players on the nook color . my reason for reaching this conclusion , is when i finally found an app and its correct version to work for the nook operating system , and used the correct working file manager app to run the . apk file the message my nook color gave me was ; install blocked : for security reasons , only apps purchased through the nook shop can be installed .
well if you are unable to play those video i would recommend download mx player from this link . and then copy it to your nook colors ' sd card/storage . then from the file manager of your nook , navigate to that mx player . apk file and click on it . it should prompt to install . just install it . and play whatever you want . for any detailed information , like step by step procedure follow this link hope that helps .
download/get the .apk file of desired application . ( example : moboplayer from this link . ) pass it to the android device . use any file explorer to open this . apk file . install the application .
happened to me one on my dhd my phone had same symptoms what i did was take the batttery out then hold the power button and then insert the battery into the phone again ( while holding the power button down/ pushing ) and my phone rebooted into bootloader and from there i switched to recovery hope this trick will work for you . good luck
you must install busybox on your device . and you need a kernel with loopdevice support . i use a 2.6.35.7 kernel and i can run debian . you may have a armv6 cpu then ubuntu does not work .
you can manage my contacts ( it is a system group , it should be there by default , you can create a new one also ) in your gmail contacts , and then select those only you want to sync with phone , move everything else to other groups . when you will add the google account to your device , go to contacts and select display options , and choose the my contacts group only . ( or whatever you created ) this will limit the contacts appearing in the contacts list .
an . apk is simply a . zip file . but unfortunatedly any app build for ' release ' will probably be protected by proguard .
even if proguard was used you still can get some interesting insights . here is a stackoverflow question with a detailed explanation : android : getting source code from an apk file . youtube video with a detailed guide . and a blog entry about that : how to retrieve source code from an android apk file .
if you get lucky and your .apk file was not protected by proguard or analog , you can use apk tool . it is a tool for reverse engineering 3rd party , closed , binary android apps .
that is part of the superuser app 's settings . looked up on my milestone² running gingerbread : open your superuser app on the android device hit the " wrench " symbol in the upper right of the screen to go to its settings scroll to the " notifications " section uncheck " notifications " on ics and up , the wrench symbol might be no longer . at least chainfire 's superuser has a holo gui there . if that is the case for you , there should be a " settings " tab visible instead , so use that . edit : here 's a screenshot i have found at addictivetipps : screenshot ( click to enlarge ) note the last item displayed , that is where you can trigger it in ics and up .
you need another android phone . you can either : restore your colornote 's tibackup on another phone install colornote on another android phone and view one of your backups ( go to settings-> sdcard backup , then choose one and ' view ' it ) colornote 's backup is in /sdcard/data/colornote/ ( if you need to copy it to your new phone )
to restore your notes from sd card which were backed up using colornote 's backup to sd card functionality you can try this . install colornote app and then go to Backup select SD Card Backup . see if your earlier backups from sd card are listed there . if they are , select the one and your notes will be restored . i have tried this using the same sd card , in your case you have a backup of it so i am not sure but i guess it should work . let me know how it helps .
hi i found the answer to lot 's of peoples problems on restoring colornote files . transfering from one mobile to another , i tried everything but like most people i could see them on the phone 's sd card but i could not read the files , this is how i managed . if you have files backed up to an external hdd copy the colornote data folder to the phone 's sd card , open colornote go to settings and sign out of online sync ( this is the secret ) , while in settings go to sd card back up and select the first one of your file 's when you select the file it gives the option to restore . hit restore and all your files will then show in colornote . if any files are locked it will require that you enter the password i just used the same as used on my old phone and i could then open and read the files .
it is easy to restore colornote backup files from pc : connect you android phone ( or tablet ) in mtp mode open connected android phone folder on your pc locate " data/colornote/backup " folder on the android device and copy your backup files to that folder open colornote on your android device and go to backup , select sd card backup , touch the saved backup data and restore it . if your android has a sd card , you could just plug the card into pc and copy the files . on my colornote versions , the backup restore deletes previous files .
you can install android emulator ( such as www.bluestacks.com/ ) install there colornote and send notes to email or save them to a file .
in my case the program had problem finding my backup after upgrading from android 2.3 to 4.2 . the backups were in sdcard1/data/colornote/backup and i needed to copy them to external_sd/data/colornote/backup for the program to find them .
this sounds like it could be one of two things : either it could be a problem with the pdf reader on the samsung galaxy tab or that the different screen resolution is just making both images appear on top of one another ( more likely ) . since the tab has a smaller screen it could be " warping " the image to appear differently when in actuality there is nothing wrong with the pdf . you will need to shrink that pdf . there are many pdf viewers on the market that will allow you to view pdfs accurately if the pdf reader is the problem . a simple market search for " pdf " should turn up a number of readers . you can try this approach but it is also likely that the reader on the tab is merely warping the image and that there is nothing inherently wrong with the reader itself . more likely , you can try shrinking your pdfs down to an appropriate size if they are too large . from what you are describing this may very well be the problem , your exact problem may be occurring because the images within the pdf are extremely large . they can be trimmed down . this will also reduce the overall file size of the pdf ( desirable ) . for more information see : http://www.ehow.com/how_4937702_reduce-pdf-file-size-easily.html
use ezpdf reader to view that file .
this website has a very good answer : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-hacks/13466-how-back-stock-no-su-no-busybox-etc.html seems to cover all your bases . essentially involves : flashing the stock recovery and boot images to replace custom ones then either manually removing all the " root " bits , or ( option b in the post ) flashing the official update . zip putting your phone back to stock ! good luck : )
this code is used for factory format . it'll remove all files and settings including the internal memory storage . it'll also reinstall the phone firmware , which should remove your root ! once you give this code , there is no way to cancel the operation unless you remove the battery from the phone . so think twice before giving this code . enter this : *2767*3855# in the dialer .
this is a stab in the dark , that i read somewhere else : power + x volume up + camera button and in the menu select reset to factory defaults ? i am assuming this is going to take you back to ver 2.0 without root , without any apps , contacts or anything else you have done to your phone . granted , i do not know this for sure but its typically how all devices work eyes his old ipod video i have reset that thing so many times with a ' restore ' and it always removes any hacks i have done to it . i would be interested to find out how this works after the phone has been rooted .
i am assuming from the way the question is written , you may want fixed dialing numbers ( fdn ) . the samsung galaxy s4 can be set so that it may only call certain numbers from a set of specified prefixes . this is useful if you only want to call people on a specific network to save additional charges on inter-network calls . to do the restriction , you may need to follow these procedures . phone > menu > call settings > additional settings > fixed dialing numbers > enable fdn follow the prompts to supply the rest of the information needed . if you have fdn already enabled , and the number list is too broad , you can try disabling it , and using dialing presets instead .
since you said the phone is brand new there is nothing wrong with the software . it is most probably a defect with the screen . get it replaced and use a proper phone .
they are included in android . the correct settings are determined by your sim mcc and mnc ( mobile country code and mobile network code ) . if you want , you can view the list of preset apns by looking at the source code , for example at android-source-browsing . the file name in this case is /etc/apns-full-conf . xml , but apparently it varies .
next to the pre-configured settings from /etc/apns-full-conf.xml as described in onik 's answer , some providers offer to send you so-called " service sms " for an automated configuration . opinions on those are quite confusing : some say those do not work on android or ios devices , and you had have to enter apn data manually ( e . g . simyo in germany ) , while others even let you select your device in advance to send you a tailored service sms ( e . g . t-mobile gernamy , where i selected an sgs3 and then was asked to enter my phone number to receive the sms ; or base germany , which is the same provider/network as simyo ; one might say that is due to the fact that simyo is a discounter brand ) . i am with mentioned provider named base ( belonging to the e-plus group ) . when i got my new optimus 4x , inserted the sim , and started it , i immediately got 3 service-sms , which were " executed " on my device . i unfortunately did not check the configuration before , so i cannot say what effect they had ( if any ) -- but at least i have got no error messages , and everything was working fine . edit : comments from onik ( on his answer ) and compro01 ( here , see below ) indicate : whether those " service sms " do work or not , might well depend on the ( device and ) rom used .
i do not think the audible touch tones menu item is actually related , since that controls whether or not you hear dial pad tones when dialing a number . the setting you want should be CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Silent State , and you will just need to make sure that it is checked . i have audible touch tones disabled as well , but it does not interfere with my ability to enable/disable the silent state option .
the upgrading to 10.2 from 10.1 page links to a flashable zip with the photosphere enabled camera app . that link appears to currently be broken . here is a working link . after flashing , the camera app has the ability to take photospheres .
an update to 4.2.2 should fix the bugs . my galaxy nexus has been running a lot more stable since the update . you should be able to find the update in settings> > about phone> > system updates .
terminal-ide does not appear to have that feature yet , but it does have an issue tracker where you could request it . as it is an open-source program , you might even be able to add the feature yourself if you know ( or are willing to teach yourself ) a little about how android apps are written .
go to settings , more , application manager , then slide menu to the left till you see all . then scroll down and look for smart wifi and simply turn smart wifi off . hope that helps .
deriving from the link given in comments : answer by richard you are not able to play the high resolution videos in your mobile . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen . comment by ce4 in general , hd videos need to be decoded by a specialized companion chip ( h264 decoder ) because the cpu is not powerful enough . for price reasons , only a subset of h264 's features may be supported leaving you without hd support
just install mx player on your android phone . then , you can play any video format on your samsung galaxy y duos .
try mx player from google play . it can play almost all the video formats in my samsung galaxy y duos . review
are you talking about a folder on your pc with a bunch of playlist files in them ? if so , you could use an app like dropbox to copy your playlist folder to your phone when you change your playlists on your pc . then you can browse to them using the file explorer on your phone .
it seems that , as noted in the comments , changing my keyboard app has solved this . i was having trouble with my default kb app going to 100% cpu when entering text lately , so that prompted me to try a new one , finally . i have tried multiple times while typing this answer to get the behavior to occur again , and it will not . yippee !
it sounds as though you are using your tv as a media renderer for a media server ( hosted on your pc or other computer device ) . if that is the case , then yes , it is possible to use your android device as a media renderer for a media server . download mediahouse upnp / dlna browser and a video player with a codec that supports your video file-types ( vplayer video player is the best that i have found ) . if you instead meant that you wanted to stream the content provided to you from your tv service provider , then that is a bit more complicated . generally , they do not allow this since they want you to pay some odd sum of money for an additional renderer that they own . the process would go soemthing like this ( if not otherwise allowed ) : use some kind of capturing device to record ( temporarily or permenently ) the video content transmitted through an appropriate cable ( hdmi for example ) . you would theoretically need to split the signal or re-route it . then configure a media server on your pc to stream the recorded content . this would not provide a stream however which would have to be in a protocol like mjpeg to work as an actual " stream " . you would need something akin to an ethernet based capture card that provided a video stream over ip .
the prompt that appears is from the superuser app , which regulates root access for other apps on your device . it is a third party app , and is not part of the android system itself . to modify the apps that are approved for root access , simply open superuser from your app drawer . there is a tab which lists the currently approved apps , and tapping on an app will allow you to change its approval status or " forget " the status altogether ( which will bring up the prompt the next time you run it ) . there is also a setting that changes the behavior when you tap on an app in the list . you can set it to give you a prompt where you can select the approval status you want for the app ( as above ) , you can set it to " forget " an app when you tap on it ( with no prompt ) or you can set it to toggle between approval states when you tap ( again with no prompt ) .
you could try to use a third party emulator which by my experience , works very well . i am not going to tell you that it will not lag from time to time , but take the trial and you will see how much better this emulator runs . it is not a free application , but it is not expensive either . you can find it at youwave android emulator . give the trial a try and get back to us ; )
the emulator is slow because it is an qemu that emulates a whole different cpu architecture as it is used by consumer pcs : arm ( vs . x86 ( _64 ) on your pc ) this means that every cpu instruction on the emulator 's arm cpu has to be emulated , which is per se slow . also the emulator is afaik single-threaded . this means that speed-up can only be achieved by fast cpus cores - multi-cores will not help here - and a reasonable amount of ram .
honeycomb ( 3.0 ) is notoriously slow in the emulator . you could try to get most of your functionality working for the phone first , to minimize using honeycomb . there are some bios settings to enable virtualization support in your cpu . i think turning these on may speed up the emulator , but i am not sure . ( the exact names for your system i do not know , but they will have " virtualization " or " vt-x " or something in the name . you could also try dedicating a processor to the emulator . you can change the " processor affinity " for processes in windows using task manager . if you change it so that your emulator prefers one processor and your other main tasks ( like eclipse ) avoid that processor , you may see some gains . if your processor is hyperthreaded , make sure that you treat the two virtual cores as one core and assign the emulator to prefer both virtual cores . ( finding the processes may be easier with processexplorer because you can click the target button and then click a window and it shows you the process for that window . ) update : see the using hardware acceleration section on the android docs to see how to use your gpu and virtualization support in your cpu to speed up the emulator .
one svn app is available in google play . but i think it can work as svn client only , i have not tried it though .
check out my new app tap counter ( by denizenapps ) . it counts every time you touch your screen .
check out the screen filter app on market . screen filter lets you overlay the screen with a transparent layer so you can have a dimmer screen . this does not let you record , but i suspect that the same approach they are using to dim the screen could instead be used to capture touch data and record it . might be worth looking into developing , depending on why you need such an application .
in ice cream sandwich , i noticed a few cool features in the developer options that are related to touches : go to settings -> developer options . there is the pointer location option . this shows an overlay of touch information such as coordinates and drag path . there is also show touches , which shows where your touching the screen . the former might provide you some good information , but does not record the data for analysis later . the latter is more for when you are recording a video so it is clear where the user is touching .
afaik , based on the android sandbox security model , you can not track the screen touches when your application is not the active app . with that said , i have done some work ( still in progress ) on a pc based application that injects a jar on the device ( has to be rooted ) and from the pc i can send " touches " to the device , no matter what application is open . but , it is still using android code to send the touch events to the device . there is nothing in there for me to get the touch events from the device unless it is " my application " and i am capturing them as the user touches areas of my app . once they exit or open another application and my app is not longer " on top " , i am no longer capturing the touch events . as i said , i have done work on a " remote control " type app that runs on the pc , and i have toyed around with using my android device as a " touch pad " to control the mouse on my pc so i have done some research in to what you are talking about , and this was my findings .
http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2270795 lol , i am a little late , but here you go !
according to the whats app faq section : your whatsapp messages are automatically backed up and saved on your phone 's memory daily . if you delete whatsapp from your phone and do not want to lose any of your messages , be sure to manually back up your chats before uninstalling : go to whatsapp > menu button > settings > chat settings . tap backup conversations . to export a copy of the history of an individual chat or group , you can use the email chat history feature : tap and hold on the conversation or group . select email conversation . choose whether to attach media or not . an email will be composed with your chat history attached as a . txt document . if you choose to attach media , the most recent media sent will be added as attachments . this should be enough to solve your problem .
you can build that module yourself from the source code of the linux kernel your device is running ( presumably some cyanogenmod kernel ) . you can find out which kernel your device is running , and with which compiler it was built , using cat /proc/version . try finding the corresponding kernel sources in the cyanogenmod repositories . the kernel configuration file used to build your kernel ( . config ) should come with the kernel sources . if you are lucky , you can dump it with zcat /proc/config.gz on your device . put the . config file into your source tree . find a matching compiler . typically , one of the compilers coming with the ndk will be fine . if the kernel uses modversions , you first need to build the kernel to get the module . symvers file right . assuming the ndk 's cross compiler is in your path , try : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi-  one you have a kernel , add the modules you need to the configuration by using the xconfig ( or menuconfig ) make targets : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- xconfig  build the module . make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- modules  if insmod'ing the module fails with an error saying that _global_offset_table_ was not found , try adding the -fno-pic option : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- XTRA_CFLAGS=-fno-pic modules  good luck .
firmware is a bit of a loose term . with android you can assume that all firmware updates are android updates , even if it is only a minor version update . it is rare that a new bootloader or something would be pushed out with no changes to the os . anyways , android has lots of services running in the background all the time . unless it is consuming your battery &mdash ; it is probably idle and not using any &mdash ; it is not a problem . running task killers is a great way to make your battery life worse and destabilize your phone , so definitely do not do that . finally , android is customized to varying extent by the manufacturers . most of them at least change the launcher , which can make the homescreen look different . the fact that it looks different from the stock android homescreen is not surprising : )
app bar widgets just what you are looking for .
there is a recent apps widget available on google play .
i made a free widget to do this , you can get it from the play store here .
here you go . just move the icon to your homepage as a shortcut and you are good to go : ) morerecent via droidforums . net
Settings -&gt; Wireless and Network -&gt; WiFi Settings , hit the menu button , and choose advanced . however , it appears this does not support user authentication . i can not find a solution online , either : ( . the question i marked as a duplicate may be of some assistance , though your version of android may be too old for any of this .
go to Settings &gt; Notifications . select Vibrate for message notifications subsection . can you please check if this works ?
unfortunately not , except perhaps a different chat application that can interface with google talk . talk uses the timestamp of the sender to order the messages , using the assumption that cellphones on a cell network will have a consistently accurate clock . it is likely that a different chat application ( such as imo or trillian ) which interfaces with google chat will display these messages differently ; i do not use multi-protocol chat applications , or change my clock , so i cannot confirm that this will solve your problem ; i remain rather confident it will however .
check the time zone you have set in Settings-&gt;Date and time and make sure that it is correct . i had the same problem on my samsung phone and this fixed it .
looks like google has released a new version of authenticator ( as of march 21 , 2012 ) under a new package name : com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 . old version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator new version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 different package names means that you can have them both installed simultaneously , but my guess is that google will eventually remove the old version from the play store . installing authenticator 2 without uninstalling authenticator allows authenticator 2 to import your currently configured sites . i have read a few posts from people claiming that google lost their signing key , and this why they have to release a new app under a new package name . i want to emphasize that there is no evidence to support this claim . while it is true that signing keys cannot be changed with app updates and therefore require a completely new app/package name , a more plausible explanation could be that google wants to integrate authenticator more tightly ( e . g . , shared uids , signature permissions ) with other apps ( see below ) . additional info for those interested : the signing key used on the old version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 24:BB:24:C0:5E:47:E0:AE:FA:68:A5:8A:76:61:79:D9:B6:13:A6:00 ) is also used to sign : scoreboard , goggles , finance , google voice , shopper , transalte , chrometophone , earth , reader , and a few others . the signing key used on the new version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 38:91:8A:45:3D:07:19:93:54:F8:B1:9A:F0:5E:C6:56:2C:ED:57:88 ) is used to sign : google maps , google play store , gmail , google+ , google chrome and google music . update : google has put up a blog post talking about the new up as well as the upgrade procedure .
android by default does not allow secondary users ( restricted profiles ) to install apps from Unknown Sources . but , under Application and Content restriction for the particular user , you can enable specific menu in Settings menu . you can check whether Unknown Sources can be enabled .
here 's some ways to update your firmware , from easiest to harder ( not necessarily hardest ) . ota ( over the air ) update . trigger it via Settings &gt; About &gt; Software update . kies . install kies on your pc , run kies , and connect your mobile phone to your pc using usb cable . there is an update function in the kies software . odin ( windows ) . this is a 3rd-party tool that you use to flash ( or install , in layman 's terms ) a stock ( or default ) rom or custom rom on your phone . you will need to download odin and the custom rom or stock rom from somewhere . there are several guides on google on how to flash a stock / custom rom for samsung galaxy s2 . for linux , you can use heimdall .
since both sets of instructions you link to consist of running some closed-source software that interacts with your phone through the debug interface , only the authors of those programs can tell you precisely what they do . as ce4 says in his comment , the one on the xda-developers website exploits a vulnerability : that is , a defect in the phone 's software . the defect lets a program run as root on the phone , and this software uses that to install a program permanently so that it always runs as root . the other software could be doing anything . if it works for your phone , it probably exploits the same vulnerability , but only the author can tell you for sure .
i would use the motochopper exploit from the first thread . the exploit is from dan rosenberg ( djrbliss on xda ) , a known security researcher who has published some android root exploits so far . if the exploit does not work , there is no harm it can inflict . if it does work , harm can only be done while persisting the root access but i have not seen any problems with that ( either it does not work at all or it just works ) . the second alternative seems to be a streamlined free/paid service that is probably probing your device and it will eventually use the same motochopper exploit from the first thread . background info : announcement on xda exploit : http://vulnfactory.org/public/motochopper.zip
i had to change the last part of the inf file . it worked perfectly after this change .
if phone data/photos is all you are after , i suggest using airdroid instead . no wires required , and will work on any computer . if you are really set on using the cord , you may be missing gs2 drivers . you will need to install kies from samsung .
here is an old question on stackoverflow about the same thing . it does not look like there is any way to view them directly , but there are various apps that can do it .
yes , you can delete log files on your device . . . using the app sd maid ( explorer tab ) on a rooted samsung galaxy note 1 ( n7000 ) , android 4.1.2 , lt5 build , i found 900+ log files in /data/log . after clearing the literally hundreds of dumpstate* files , i got my internal memory back from only 207mb up to 1040+ mb ! now i can complete all the missing updates . these files were dated back over more than 1 year and seemed to serve no valid function any more . afterwards the device booted , was faster and no functionality was lost . looking at the dates of these files they coincided with some system crashes and sd card mounting problems i had received in the past . but in order to even see these files you will need a rooted device . using the clean master app on a rooted device also found a lot of files which could be deleted . here are the links to the apps in google play store as requested sd maid : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.thedarken.sdm clean master : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguard
logcat messages are not stored in files , but rather in circular memory buffers . you may clear these buffers using the following command : adb logcat -c  source : using logcat
your problem is due to errors related to htc sync , windows 7 and adobe air . there is a bug opened on adobe site : https://bugbase.adobe.com/index.cfm?event=bugid=2966976 the workaround should be to downgrade adobe air to 2.6 . xxx version . you can download it here . upgrading to adobe air 3.0.0.3880 rc1 did not worked for me .
the solution is to install program wake lock and set the setting to PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK . this keep necessary power for sd card even if of charger and with disabled display . it obviously cause a bit more battery consumption , but far less then constant sd card remounting . no root needed .
this post helped me : since firmware version 4.1 ( jelly bean ) , the memory became partitioned : roughly 2gb for apps , the rest became mass storage . the problem did not exist in ics or earlier . to free up some space , dial *#9900# in standard dialer ( called phone ) and select option 2 " delete dumpstate/logcat " in the prompted menu as for making more than 2gbs available for applications , here 's an instruction on re-flashing firmware which re-partitions internal storage , allowing up to 12gbs of internal storage for applications .
what my friend is implying is that the applications you have on your samsung , are eating up your internal memory . what you need is to get the applications running from your external sd card . in all android devices there is an amount of the memory assigned to run your android system just like in a computer there is a storage for your os . this storage should be about 2gb , or less . . . . now , your samsung 's memory is divided into three main parts , that is system storage , usb storage and sd card ( external sd card ) try going to your task manager and checking the available memory . also , try moving the apps to run on sd card ( external ) using appsmgriii , hope it works . otherwise if the memory continues to be as little as you imply , your s2 will start getting slower . goodluck .
a quick and easy way to free up some space is sd maid . it is a free software and is available on the android market . sometimes log files take a lot of this internal space . but i believe even ~200mb should be more than enough to get new apps . have you tried writing to the internal storage yourself or check if apps can write to it ? this is easy to do if you have a rooted phone and you can use any file manager to create a file on it . i suspect that your phone is accidentally detecting your internal storage as read only and this is what is causing the issue . i have seen the same happen for external sd cards before but not for internal storage .
the samsung galaxy sii is an older device which does not use the mtp protocol and so , applications ' storage and internal storage is separated . newer devices share the full internal storage seemingly . if you in need of storage space for apps , you may look at some root options such as : app2sd applications that enable you to transfer your applications to the internal storage app2ext that enable you to extend your applications ' partition a rom for your phone that change the partitions ' size
i think i found the problem . like bjoernz said , some application is creating many objects from mediaplayer class and it is not releasing that after . so , i opened an adb shell , became root ( su ) and i found the pid ( process id ) of mediaserver , using the command : ps | grep mediaserver the mediaserver 's pid , in my case , is : 84 then , i listed all resources used by that pid with the command : lsof | grep 84 and i got the following result : so , it became easy to identify that the official twitter application ( com . twitter . android-1 . apk ) was the problem . then i removed twitter application and i installed tweetdeck instead and the problem disappeared since last week . hope this can help you . [ ] 's
i noticed this problem on my galaxy s , it took a while to piece together , but it appeared to have started when i began using third party task managers . it happened with advanced task killer and watchdog installed . i went back to using the native task manager and the problem appears to have gone away . . . . has not occured in the past week . i am running 2.2.1 . what i thought was the strangest was it happened on days i did not even use the task manager , just the mere presence cause the problem . . . unsure of the technical reason behind this , but do not care . . . native task mgr is fine . hope this helps the rest of you .
a last resort is always a factory reset , which should fix this problem . you could also have a look at the logcat output , maybe this will give you a hint about the cause of the problem .
i have finally had a chance to look at the logcat while the problem was occuring . the error message reads : Completed command PLAYER_PREPARE status=-17  according to this forum " it’s caused by having too many mediaplayer objects active at once . " unfortunately i have not yet found a fix . the only known workaround seems to be rebooting . i am still not sure , which app ( or combination of apps ) reproduce the error reliably . edit : i guess that any application , that uses the mediaplayer class can cause the problem . those apps probably never reach a state where they call mediaplayer . release ( ) . maybe we need to contact the vendors of applications that use the mediaplayer , so they make sure they call release ( ) . my superficial research did not lead to a solution , that would fix the problem without a reboot . edit 2: i have updated to android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) and unfortunately this problem still persists . some logcat messages around the error :
the same problem is on my galaxy s . i have noticed that if i use google listen and have some queue , mp3 stops playing . after clearing queue it was getting ok ! but . . . it seems adobe flash influences on media playback too . if i use it them any media playback fails , before rebooting . maybe 2.3 will fix the problem . almost tired to find the solution for 2.2 on galaxy s
have you tried testing for individual media files causing the problem ? many moons ago i had a problem where certain files would corrupt the database of music and eventually cause problems for the whole library . this is very hypothetical as my experience was not on an android device and my galaxy s works just fine . despite this i thought you could try loading only a small subset of your media on and see if you still get the problem . it does not look like a codec problem and perhaps the media scanner cleans the database when you restart the phone . sorry i do not have a better answer .
i experience the same problems , and i can not seem to get a consistent cause . after rebooting my phone , i do not see the problem again for another 12-24 hours . because i use custom music as my alarm clock , i have adopted the habit or rebooting my phone before going to sleep . it is caused many late days to work before i figured out what was going on . i started with a factory fresh install . tested it out for a few days with no problems . begin installing programs one-by-one with no problems . eventually i started using widgets , with no problems . i installed launcher pro with no problems . but now the problems have started up again . i uninstalled launcher pro altogether to no avail . i removed all of my widgets , which appeared to work . i added them back one by one and i did not seem to have any problems . but the problem came back . over the period of two weeks , i could not isolate one widget that was causing the issue , so i ruled widgets out all together . i have custom ringtones for my sms , notifications , g-talk , gmail , and ringtones . when this problem occurs , i can not even get my voicemail to play , much less anything else . i use a program called " soundhound " to discover music i have not heard before . i think it might be related . then again , i also use advanced task killer , but even when i had that installed before it did not have problems . i think when i use soundhound , it is setting off some kind of strange chain-reaction which eventually---hours later--causes my phone to have this error . i do not know enough about the logs or how to access them actual debug the phone , but i do know droves of people have had this issue and there seems to be no fix . in the meantime , i have uninstalled soundhound and i am checking to see if i still have the problem .
i have the same problem here , using galaxy s with android 2.3.3 . looking at the log , we can see the pid ( proccess id ) used by playerdriver . v/playerdriver ( 84 ) : completed command player_prepare status=-17 so , i have killed the playerdriver process and it has fixed . in order to do that , you need to root your device and connect with adb as root . ex . : adb shell su next time i will try identify what files and pipes the process is using through lsof command hope this help .
have you tried these apps : gps 2 bluetooth v . 2 bluetooth gps output tether gps lite gps tether
great answer from lie ryan . just adding one more option : blue nmea
that is one of the many things tasker does for me , with a quite simple profile : condition : app ( select your browser , reader , etc . , multiple apps can be selected simultaneously ) task : display-timeout ( all sliders to max = never ) optionally , you also can adjust screen brightness . then , as soon as one of the selected apps is running in the foreground , that action triggers – the screen will not turn off anymore . when you bring another app in front which was not selected with your condition , tasker reverts to the previous state automatically . of course , there are also several apps available just doing that and nothing else ; but having one app ( tasker ) that can doing this and so much more , i forgot about them long ago . . .
i assume you have checked the sync options of your google+ account to make sure it is set to sync regularly . have you tried removing not ony the app but also the account from the phone , doing a restart and then adding the google account back again ?
you state you are running ics on your galaxy s so i assume it is cm9 or so and rooted . some thoughts of mine : do you have any sort of firewall set up ( e . g . droidwall ) ? that has bitten me often so far . is there a 2nd device where it does not happen ? just trying to sort out a general problem with your account or g+ maybe g+ does not even sync by itself but outsources some of it to other gapps ( or the android framework ) ? aka , the problem is not directly within the g+ app ? my steps to narrow it down would be : make a backup via cwm and be sure everything is backed up by titanium backup too . you want to be able to revert to this current state once all is debugged and the problem is found and fixed . be sure your sd card has enough space left , i found cwm ( v3 . x ) to not report that and silently fail in case of a no space left on device error . reboot into normal android , remove unneeded apps and start a cycle : clear app data of suspected problematic app ( google services framework , etc . ) test retry and clear data of more apps and narrow down more if still present if problem is found , revert to your backup , apply the fix and see if everything works fine still report your findings :- ) i know you do not wanted this answer but i include it nevertheless : wipe ( with cwm and titanium backups ready of course ) . then go partially back step by step ( userland apps only ) with titaniumbackup . it is time consuming and tedious i know . having a cwm backup ready leaves you the option to roll back at any time though .
i chose the desire hd over the galaxy for a couple of fairly qualitative unscientific reasons . i have had good experience with other htc android phones ( i adored my htc magic ) . to my eyes at least , the samsung galaxy has been styled to look just like an iphone 3g . if i wanted something that looked like an iphone , i would get an iphone . on a more scientific level . as has been mentioned , while the desire hd is still clocked at 1ghz , it is snapdragon is the latest revision , made with the smaller process than the old desire , and with the improved graphics . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_%28processor%29 the screen on the desire is also bigger ( and to my eyes awesome ) , but most reviews i have read say the colour and sharpness of the galaxy is better . the desire hd is also a big package overall , it may be a little too large for some pockets , i do not know how much more comact ( if any ) the galaxy is .
it really depends what you mean by superior . the desire hd will be basically the same as the existing desire but with a 4.3" screen and will have the same amount of internal storage as the galaxy s . the desire hd will have 768 mb of ram instead of 512 mb on the galaxy s . but the desire hd will have the same snapdragon processor as the old desire , whereas the galaxy s has the superior hummingbird . however , the desire hd will have a 8 mp camera whereas the galaxy s only has 5 mp , and the desire hd has dual led camera flash whereas some of the galaxy s phones do not have a flash at all . that sums up the major differences , and personally i would lean toward the desire hd , but you should compare for yourself and see what better fits your needs : htc desire hd specifications samsung galaxy s specifications
i guess clipboard dialer might be your choice : this little tool enables you to extract all phone numbers from what ever text is in your clipboard . it will present a list of all numbers it finds giving you an easy way to call , sms or create a new contact .
i was able to resolve the issue by calling sprint and having them fix it on their end . looks like gv does not properly give the phone number back when you remove the service from your phone on their website and dial *38 .
to auto answer your calls : go to google.com/voice then click on the settings button then go to the tab called " calls " change the call screening setting to " off " then " save changes "
there is launchstats which should work as is on versions up to ( including ) android 4.0 ice cream sandwich . this app scans the system logs for all app starts since the device was booted and extracts the data you want . however starting with 4.1 jelly bean the necessary read_logs permission has been restricted to system apps due to security concerns . it is still possible , but you need to grant that manually via the developer console on your pc ( adb is part of the android sdk ) :  adb shell pm grant de.goddchen.android.launchstats android.permission.READ_LOGS  see more background on how to grant this permission here . you also need to enable adb debugging on your phone in the developer options .
the android system stores statistics on this , which on most devices can be accessed via a hidden menu : open your dialer type *#*#4636#*#* a menu will open . the 3 rd entry should read " usage stats " ( or something similar ) . tap this . you should see a list of your apps , which tells for each app how often it was started , and how long it ran . using the drop-down box on top , the list can be sorted by usage time , usage count , or app name . remark : afaik this list will be reset when you restart your device . edit : in case your device provides no dialer ( thanks @ce4 for pointing out my lapsus ) , it will require some searching to find the appropriate menu , but it is doable . some launchers ( e . g . apex launcher ) provide the possibility to create shortcuts to " activities " ( rawly : screens provided by apps ) . long-tap a free space on your homescreen , then select " shortcuts " , then " activities " . now scroll through the quite long list to find it . on my lg optimus 4x the activity is called " test " and has a " gear " icon ( same as the " settings " app has in this menu ) , so that is the first place to look for : scroll to " settings " , open the drop-down , look for " test " .
this is due to the fact that the lockscreen recognises that the device is a tablet , and therefore makes it stay in landscape mode . there is an easy way to counteract this , however it does require the use of a third party application called set orientation , which allows you to force apps into any orientation you wish . just open up the app , and set the drop down to ' automatic ' . the screen will then rotate when you rotate the device .
a common fix for this kind of problem is usually buying a case for your phone . i also have this problem in galaxy mini , but ever since i bought a thick silicon case , my problem is solved . but this did not get rid of the misbehaving touchscreen while charging problem , which is probably caused by the flux of electricity messing with the capacitive display .
the current best , known solution is to use " adbwireless " to connect the device with one 's computer over a network . be careful to connect both devices to the same network . if you do not have access to a wireless network , the . apk can be transferred in harddrive mode after exporting the project from eclipse . however , this route does not allow use of adb for logging , debug mode , or any other tools . ( see application " alogcat " if logcat logs are wanted ) if anyone finds other solutions , please edit this answer .
the answer is data2sd what does it do ? it basically tells android to use the ext2 partition ( once available ) on the sd card as internal storage , together with hd2 's internal memory . this way you can get up to 4gbs . how to install ? as specified in the forum , you can grab the recovery zip ( check topic if link goes down ) and install it in recovery . it is not that straightforward . if that is your first time , i suggest to : make a backup of the sd card on pc , laptop , tablet or cloud , because it is going to be wiped insert the card in hd2 , boot in recovery ( keep HOME down during htc logo ) . some roms allow you to reboot in recovery , some apps allow you to with one click : choose your favourite option from clockwork recovery , choose the option to partition sd card ( Advanced -&gt; Partition SD Card ) , and choose your partition size . with card > = 8gb , i recomment 4096mb once finished , power off , remove the card and copy the recovery zip you downloaded on the card . also restore your previous backup insert the card , boot recovery again and choose the option to install a zip from sd card , then choose that file and confirm reboot android . you are done ! ! how does it work ? when you partition the sd card , android creates a swap partition ( that works like in linux , do not forget it is just plain linux kernel ) and an ext2 partition of the size you just chose in the end of the card . the first part of the card is partitioned with a fat32 partition for easy interoperability , because windows and other oses only mount the first partition in a removable drive , if they can mount it . data2sd is basically an init script ( running on system boot ) that mounts this ext2 partition as the /data directory of the system . credit to user Anurag pandey@xda-developers
1- root your phone . 2- install cwm 3- create a second partition on the sd card . 8 gb card = second partition 3 gb . leaves you 5 gb storage . 4- install link2sd from google store . link all apps to the second partition . in that way you have all widgets available . 5- you will never have low memory problems again . . .
as with normal disks , this should apply to the disk and not a specific partition . some file systems offer additional caching , which then would apply to the specific partition -- but disk cache should always apply to the entire disk .
yes , you can , but you have to synchronize google chrome with google account . you can change synchronization interval , etc . , etc . , in device settings ( accounts ) . how to force make bookmarks synchronization , you can read here .
use slightly different urls as bookmarks ( e . g . add " and dummy=1" at the end of one of them ) so that they are " different bookmarks " .
have not tried it as the cloud player 's not available in my country yet , but does the trick that makes the normal music player ignore folders work ? try creating a file called .nomedia in the folder that your podcasts are saved into , and see if that makes the amazon player ignore them .
adobe flash fot android has been discontinued and all official methods of installing it have been removed . this is mainly due to problems in security , performance and stability , but the rise of html5 has also played its part . you can find more info from here or here .
in the days i used to play with roms , there used to be some system folder ( i think system/app ) that contains . apk files ( installer files ) . you had need root and access to these folders to replace a non-working market/vending/play or camera application , or touchwiz ( if memory did not fail me ) . so , i think it is just a matter of copying the . apk and including it in the system folder .
use odin 3.09 specifically find stock firmware ( i use sammobile.com ) try factory dongle to force odin donwload mode ( if you cant get into download mode ) flash
things to try i would say take off the batteries , put them back , go to download mode , and reflash the rom . better off download it again to be 100% certain it is ok ( even if it is , sometimes certain roms happen to work only after a couple times flashing ) . also read the documentation of the rom in case it needed your storage to be in a different filesystem format ( ext4 or whatever ) .
yes , it is possible . one of the advantages of rooting is the ability to control the operating system that resides on your phone . with that control , you can change the version of android . there are two ways to go about doing this : flash the stock image https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images install a custom rom . if you know what an operating system is on a computer , a rom is basically an os for your phone . just check xda-developers for some great custom roms that offer any android experience , with additional features ! i know for a fact cyanogenmod still have not released a kitkat based version and offer a close to stock ( unmodified ) experience with features that are actually useful . i would recommend to try them out . enjoy the freedom !
user @izzy explained that encoded pictures are actually included in the .vcf created from the export . this led me to think that the issue is actually with thunbird 's contacts import and not with android 's contacts export . as it turns out this is right . since the default way for thunderbird to import vcards appears to be faulty , i used the add-on morefunctionsforaddressbook to import the address book . it worked fine and included all the pictures !
this is a general android question that applies to all devices . messages ( sms ) are queued if there is no signal . see screenshot ( device is in airplane mode ) .
you can check the source code of battery history and battery history part of settings . i had not got time to properly check it out , but from an initial scan , i think it is updated every time the app is started . the file from which the app generates the statistic however , batterystats . bin , is probably collected at real time as the system starts and kills apps and system services are turned on and off .
i believe it is real-time . meaning , the stats are always updated as the battery is being drained ( or charged ) .
one option is to disable the notfications from the built-in messaging app ( in the messaging app , press menu , select settings and then scroll to the bottom and take the tick out of the notifications box ) . you can then use a 3rd party app that gives you full customization of the notification options , like sms popup which gives you control over the vibration duration and pattern , as well as a lot of other notification options .
i will assume you use androids default sms app . open it , go to settings -> notification settings -> vibrate pattern . if you are using a specific sms app , setting this up might be similar ( if the app supports it ) .
yes , im using 32gb card . i have kept 4096mb as ext4 partition and rest i have formatted as fat32 . link2sd works fine . you can go max 4gb . download mini partition tool format your class10 sdcard 1st partition being fat32 , and second keep ( 4gb ) it ext2 ( ext4 might not work ) shutdown your phone , put back your card . star the phone . and then start linking your files with link2sd . i have bought plus version , it is very useful . since my phone has only 16gb internal memory .
two things to check given gmail is already set to sync . first , double check you have notifications ticked inside the gmail app , this can be found by opening the left menu and opening the settings located at the bottom . secondly , in settings open data usage , then open the three dot menu and ensure that " auto-sync data " is on and " restrict background data " is off . note : these directions are based on stock 4.4 , if they do not correspond just let me know what phone and software version you have .
according to lifehacker , you can use a headphone splitter in reverse to achieve your goal .
afaik , with android 4.2+ you can regulate on a per-app-base whether you want to see notifications or not . long-pressing a notification should open a menu , from which you can navigate to the corresponding place , and define you do not want to see notifications from that app anymore . ( as i have no device with 4.2+ , i cannot check myself ) . on the other hand , " spammy messages " sound like they come from some advertizement module , such as airpush or leadbolt . you can verify that with ad-scanners ( i recommend appbrain ad detector ) . if i guessed right with that , you have two ways to react on this : for airpush , there is a way to opt - out , same seems to apply for leadbolt ( opt-out ) . appbrain ad detector clearly shows you which network is involved , see below screenshots . appbrain ad detector ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) or you consider avoiding apps using such an aggressive advertizement , uninstall yours , and watch out for a less offensive alternative -- that is what would be my choice . i have full understanding for devs to fund their fremium apps using ads -- but please , leave those adds where they belong : inside the app they are funding . pushing ads to the notification bar , or adding " funny shortcuts " to the user 's homescreen , is intruding the user 's privacy , and has no connection to the app at all ( in most cases , users even have no clue where that " stuff " comes from ) .
have you tried holding down the power button and the volume up button at the same time until you see the dead android and red triangle , if you then tap the volume up button once you should see a list of options including factory reset ( complete data removal ) which will reset the device to the basic state it was in when you bought it
you could always encrypt your device . depending on what phone you are using will determine the method or even availablity of this function . it takes time though and you should do it with about 80-90% battery . also , i beleive the fact that your phone is rooted , makes it less secure - assuming the thief/person who picked up your phone ( assuming that it was to be lost ) . as long as they can access the internal/external storage , they can bypass this .
i would use lock screen . . . it is easy to use bruteforce on any apps which are using a pin code , it is harden with the lock screen , but not impossible . . so do not carry very important documents on your phone . . .
the app locker gives you more access , and is working against the system rather than with it . almost by definition , it is much less secure . an app locker might keep out the casual user , but not anyone who knows what they are doing . unless it blocks new apps by default , sideloading would be a problem . depending on the device that may be enough to root it ( if you are not already ) and then they can more or less bypass/remove anything on the device . adb access is a risk in both cases but the ability to interact with the device may provide some other options . i agree with admartian that encryption is the way to go . using a lock screen plus an app locker is better than using only one of them , as well .
i had this problem recently with my milestone 2 . unfortunately i had to send it to service . now it works , but whole touch panel was replaced with a new one . just to clarify my problems : right column of touch panel ( above search button , btw it did not work as well ) did not work for more than one month . in more extreme weather conditions ( temperature below 0 celcius ) touch screen was pressed at random positions just like you have described .
this seems similar to an issue i had this summer : i ended up having to get a new phone . semi-dead zone on touch screen on droid 1 basically there was a horizontal bar worth of space on the screen that seemed to have random touches firing , and also in the same zone , it often was not registering my real touches . it was definitely a game of chance , and it was progressively getting worse . it got so bad i could not accept phone calls . there was a comment on mine that suggested it was an electrical connection problem that could cause inconsistent contact -- which explains the spazzing out on my phone . this could very well be your problem , too . i do not think it is a software issue . if you flashed a new image on there or restored a backup of before you started having issues and you are still having issues , that almost rules out software issue . though it is interesting that now you are having the opposite happen . but that is also similar to my problem , the fact that sometimes it would go crazy with click misfires , and other times it would be completely dead . if it is indeed the same problem i had , unfortunately it is not really a user-servicable solution . . you are gonna have to either get a new phone or a warranty/insurance claim . good luck to you ! maybe all the issues people are having with their touch screens will convince the manufacturers to start using quality wiring . ( not really , but one can wish , right ? )
this really does not sound like a software problem i am afraid . almost certainly hardware . your only choice really is to send it to the service center , as mentioned . sorry i could not be of more help . p . s before sending it to the service center , put the stock rom back onto it !
there is a lengthy discussion about this on : http://androidforums.com/droid-support-troubleshooting/87515-my-droids-touch-screen-going-crazy.html the main point seems to relate to either oil and dirt covering the screen and/or heating up issues from dirt within internal components . there are some suggested solutions such as carefully cleaning the screen and the speaker opening . it also seems to be strongly affected by moisture .
go to settings -&gt; about-phone-&gt; phone identity-&gt; IMSI is your imei number an international mobile subscriber identity or imsi ( play /ˈɪmziː/ ) is a unique identification associated with all gsm and umts network mobile phone users . each android device is equipped with an imei or imsi or meid number ( depending on the device 's radio technology and carrier ) which uniquely identifies the handset . below are listed a number of ways for you to retrieve such number .
you are probably not going to like my answer , but i do not think there is anything you can do about it . i have tried to turn this off myself in the past , but the android os is such that you will receive a force close vibration no matter what . now , regarding your application actually force closing , here are my two best guesses ( since i can not see any of your code ) : you are trying to use a feature that requires documentation in the manifest file . you are overburdening the ui stack by not threading processes that take a long time to accomplish ( i.e. . contacting a server and receiving data , handling remote data , etc . ) , which can be solved with asynctasks . also , if you are getting frequent force close errors , please use ddms . it is an absolute god send for this kind of stuff . i know a lot of people who just try to " figure out " where they went wrong . debugging is a skill in its own right . sorry i could not directly answer your question . i instead tried to pinpoint where else you may be going wrong with your applications , which , to me , would seem to be a bigger issue . edit : to show you how i arrived at this conclusion : i firstly tried to look through all settings ( including my galaxy s manual ) , and obviously no cigar . i noticed that there are two classes that a developer must look into to at least see if this vibration can be turned off programatically ( for your specific program ) . these classes are the notification and vibrator classes . upon inspection , you can see that there is nothing within these classes that will allow you to do that . it is a system property . realizing that you must put in a " vibration " intent into the manifest in order to even manipulate the vibration should further prove this point :  &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.VIBRATE"/&gt;  i was not really prepared to mess around with the actual android low-level code so i brought the issue up with my friend ( who has been messing around with the actual android kernel and os itself for a while ) in order to validate my suspicion . he said that this property was built in . in other words , you would have to override the property within the os itself in order to change the force close vibration . for me , that was the end of me trying to turn off this property .
take it off your external card and put it on the internal sd storage which is located at /sdcard . confusing , i know , but that is how samsung has decided to do things .
there is an app for that . photosync ( sync to picasa ) automatically syncs local folder to picasaweb , so you can select your camera folder . it is free and not so huge as g+ app . you can set your local folder and picasa folder and sync them on eg . hourly basis .
i would bite the bullet and install the google+ app . in addition to instant upload , the google+ app will give you unlimited storage of the photos that are uploaded via instant upload : all photos uploaded in google+ will be automatically resized to 2048 pixels ( on their longest edge ) and will not count towards your free storage quota . source : http://support.google.com/picasa/bin/http://picasa.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=1224181 i do not think you have to use google+ other than register online and install the app for this to happen , so there is really not much effort on your part needed to get the benefits of instant upload . you can also manually " share " photos from the gallery app to picasa , but that is more tedious .
try this call confirm app . this application is going to ask you whether to call or hangup the contact what you touched on call history .
go to settings> accounts and add add your fb account to your htc sense app . after doing this the app should not ask for the but , as you use the native facebook application why not entirely disable the sense ui fb widget ? the default app is more than sufficient for ones fb usage . go to settings> app> all and disable the default app .
from a packet capture , the codecs are : gsm-efr 8khz amr 8khz gsm 8khz g . 711/pcmu 8khz g . 711/pcma 8khz here 's the tidbit from the rtp packet capture : i could not find a way to configure the codecs either .
try this from the cm forums : if you use adw or launcherpro and if after using any memory intensive application you hed back to your homescreen . . . you know the drill . . . . . lag , lag , redraw , redraw , then finally you are able to function again . make a nandroid backup in your terminal application on your phone ( if you have to ask what this is , google it , download it from the market ) enter . . . su (enter) echo ro.HOME_APP_ADJ=1 &gt;&gt; /data/local.prop (enter) reboot (enter)  if you want to undo what this command does , simply remove that toggle from : /data/local . prop , or if you did not have this file ( like i did not ) prior to the mod . . . remove it entirely this is also from bryan denny 's answer to this question . you will probably still have a problem with foreground apps closing when you keep your launcher in memory but i think that is just an issue with trying to use too many memory intensive apps with a phone with 256 mb of ram . you can also try to take the memory priority management into your own hands with autokiller memory optimizer . it allows you to set your own custom minfree priorities for android to follow .
try paste , free from the market , as per text editor that supports italic text and tab indenting , via keyboard shortcuts so far the only thing i have found that supports ctrl + i and ctrl + b . g
full text to speech is only hidden and can be re-enabled in older htc versions of android through a keyboard hack . alternatively you can install goggle voice search just to enable search via voice . text to search is fully supported by htc in the froyo software update and can be accessed via the keyboard or holding down the search key .
have a look at vlingo : http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.vlingo.client it learns over time and many people find it more accurate than google 's voice recognition .
i have an htc desire and speech to text works fine . are you holding down the microphone keyboard button to the left of the space bar ?
i have not looked exhaustively at the filesystem itself ( did not use adb shell or anything ) , but i am fairly positive the warning is just a generic message that shows up whenever you clear data for an app or system service . i tried a couple of different apps and services and always saw the warning . after clearing my media storage data and unmounting/remounting my sd card i had : all of my music still available ( after it had a chance to rescan ) my google music account still set up and properly linked my ringtone still set to the correct song on my sd card all other accounts and settings normal so basically , everything excepting the actual list of songs on my sd card was retained , and the list was refreshed after i remounted the sd card , as far as i can see . other than clearing media storage data , the only other thing i have tried to get my music to update is just unmounting and remounting the sd card ( or using an app like sd rescan to do it for you , as mentioned in the other question ) . i have personally had kind of mixed results with this , but the clear data then remount cycle always seems to work .
it only limited to your phones internal memory
you can not just install the apk , you have to download a gapps package , which contains all the google applications that come with google licensed phones . this , however , requires rooting the phone and installing a recovery . the reason for all the trouble is that while android is open source , google apps are proprietary code , and devices have to be licensed with google in order for the apps to be included on the device . for more information , see how can i install the google apps package ( play store , . . . ) on my android device ? , rootzwiki gapps page and gapps download .
the problem is that whereas the bluetooth connection functions as a bridge network device , wifi tethering creates a nat which may prevent some functionality . see if enabling transparent tunneling or ipsec over udp on the client help . since tethering does not support port forwarding , you can not use pat on the device .
open the . spb file in kies select all your contacts and click save as . in the file name field type whatever you want with en extension . vcf copy the newly made file to your sd card import from the contacts app
you should check out google 's cloud to device messaging ( c2dm ) framework . if you just want to send stuff from your browser to your phone try chrome to phone ( it is a kind of reference implementation of the c2dm framework ) . good luck !
outside of stackexchange , i also asked some colleagues . one suggestion they had did work . in particular , instead of using ssh autotunnel for the tunnels , i used connectbot to connect and create tunnels . they can be layered . the only downside is that i leave a shell open . more specifically : i use connectbot to connect to b ( ssh , port 22 ) and then add a forwarding from a port 2222 on a to port 22 on c . i leave this shell open . then i make a new different connection to port 2222 on a ( which opens a shell on c ) and add port forwarding from port 2nnn to " localhost:nnn " ( which is actually c:nnn ) . now i can connect to a:2nnn ( my localhost , port 2nnn ) and get to c:nnn as if it were local . i have to leave the shells open , but it works well enough .
download and copy the gapps zip file to your sd card . reboot your phone into cwm recovery mode . to do this , turn phone off , and press volume up + home + power button together . your phone would then startup into recovery mode . select install zip . look for the gapps file via choose zip from /sdcard if it is in the internal sd card , or choose zip from /storage/sdcard1 if it is in the external sd card . after you flash it , reboot your phone ( it is in one of the options ) .
it is possible to root these devices without tripping the knox flag s4: [ root ] saferoot : root for vruemj7 , mk2 , and android 4.3 note3: root de la vega [ knox 0x0 root - lots of versions - no exynos ] note2: [ root ] galaxy note 2 on android 4.3 without tripping knox
there is a way to share songs and albums with friends and family . this is not quite the same as a " party mode , " but is the closest thing i have found to it . pros : 1 . do not need to give anyone your account information . 2 . friends can listen to shared music on any device they want . cons : 1 . only works with google+ ( for now ) so your friend must have a device which can access google+ . 2 . can listen to the entire song only once for free . 3 . only works with limited number of songs ( many more are being added though ) . setting up a type of " guest account " may be a viable option but this opens up a whole hose of security concerns - i doubt google would implement this officially . sharing music has a long history of abuse . so much music can be found for free these days , sharing a listing of your favorite songs may be all that is necessary .
thanks for your answers . i found a solution for my problem . there is a project named " google musik desktop player " that is almost what i wanted i just let the player run on my pc and friends in my room have only access to my music library so they can choose a song or create a playlist .
you can switch to stock rom for galaxy y by using the latest version of odin and downloading the stock rom . you can find these files in other forums .
i think you need to unlock it to the part where the new hope building is already accessible .
android 's built in decoders are rather picky about the files they will play - limited encoded resolution ( possibly less than that of the device 's display ) , limited bitrate , limited formats . if these are new files , try encoding them to be less demanding . if these are files that used to work , see if something on the phone is perhaps slowing it down - on on rare occasion i had a file that generally plays start failing part way through . a reboot might be worth trying .
if you have the issue with files , that you were previously able to play , try to reboot your phone . if playback works afterwards , you seem to have the same issue as described in this problem : samsung galaxy s : unsupported file type ( mp3 ) i do not know of a fix for this yet , the only workaround seems to be a reboot .
if your rom has theme chooser integrated into the system , i would recommend just switching to an aosp theme , like this kitkat theme . you can check if you have theme chooser by doing any of the below : android 2.3: check if there is an app in your launcher named ' theme chooser ' , with an icon of the android robot colored four different colors android 4.0+: check if there is any theme-related menus in settings . if your rom does not have theme chooser , then you would have to get your hands dirty with manually themeing system apks . go to xda-developers for more info and tutorials on that .
i have seen this behaviour in k9 when my mail server updated it is ssl certificates . the fix was to long-press the account , select Account settings -&gt; Fetching mail -&gt; Incoming server and just hit Next through the pages to confirm your settings until you get the popup about the certificate ( this might not appear if everything is ok with the certificate , mine had a wrong vhost ) . confirm the certificate and just go through the rest of the settings and you account should start to work .
does anyone have any suggestions as to how i can see the full text of the errors which are occurring when trying to sync my k9 folders ? it seems that there is no way to see these log messages on the device without root access , but if you do have root access , there are a couple of options , either grant the required permissions to alogcat or consider using a horrible hack tm to view them directly . view the log files on your pc or workstation via adb if you can connect your android device to a pc or workstation , then you can access the logs via the adb command . to do this on windows , first you will need to install the android sdk ( which will require the java se sdk ) and add the android-sdk\tools and android-sdk\platform-tools to the system path . then enable usb debugging on your nexus 7 , plug it in via usb , and install the android composite adb interface from android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver ( i had to force windows xp to look here , it would not find the drivers on it is own ) . for details of how to get adb up and running without the full android sdk install , or on mac or linux machines , see izzy 's excellent answer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? then you can open a shell ( i.e. . a cmd window ) and run the command : adb logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  i have confirmed that this works on my non-rooted nexus 7 . grant permissions to alogcat if you have root access , you could consider granting the READ_LOGS permission to alogcat , as suggested in this post alogcat/catlog/lumberjack not working ? do this . . . on the xda-developers forum : pm grant &lt;pkg&gt; android.permission.READ_LOGS  to grant this permission to alogcat or alogcat.donate , you would use one of the following commands , depending on whether you are running the donate version or not : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS pm grant org.jtb.alogcat android.permission.READ_LOGS  according to one post on android-developers and the ticket , the permission grant survives reboot and update , but not uninstall/reinstall . sadly since this requires root access , whether i run this on the device or on my pc ( prefixed by adb shell ) i just get the error : Neither user 12345 nor current process has android.permission.GRANT_REVOKE_PERMISSION  i cannot confirm that this works , since my nexus 7 has not been rooted . consider using a horrible hack tm if you have root access , you could consider making logcat setuid root and running logcat from the device shell , as suggested in this answer to my how can i access android log files on my nexus 7 without root access ? question : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  again , i cannot confirm that this works and i would probably only use it as a last resort , given the security implications . why are no log messages from k9 appearing in the alogcat log viewer ? could something have changed in jelly bean which lead k9 's logging to stop working ? since there seem to be remarkably few messages being shown by alogcat in general , has something has changed in jelly bean which could mean that it is no longer able to access all messages ? this appears to be a change in jelly bean which affects all applications which may try to read the log files . apparently read_logs permission is not granted to 3rd party applications in jelly bean . since this link seems to be unreliable : today i have tested my application on newest ( api 16 ) emulator before releasing it to google play . it turned out that android now refuses to grant this permission to 3rd party applications . this is weird because i have looked through all jelly bean 's documented changes and could not find anything that mentions read_logs permission . and later the protectionlevel for read_logs is now " signature|system|development " . the new pipe syntax for protectionlevel is also undocumented ( see http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34785 ) . my suspicion is that alogcat is only seeing messages generated by itself and it is vm . for further information , see flow answer 's to my question how active should i expect my jelly bean system log file to be ?
please take a look at google japanese input : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.japanese swype keyboard has japanese language built in as well : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nuance.swype.dtc
if the colors are washed out even on automatic mode and good lighting , it may be a hardware issue . best option might be to use a 3rd party app to increase the photos ' vibrance . i personally use perfectly clear and pixlr express to improve colors on my samsung galaxy s4 .
ygps , as far as i can discern ( i do not own a fairphone ) , is an app which lets you view what gps satellites your phone is currently connected to . i am guessing it probably provides the same kind of function here , and is likely draining your battery life because it is constantly making gps calls in the background . my guess is that , being a poorly developed app , the developers decided to call every permission possible to ensure they would not run into any issues . it is likely only using the gps function of the phone anyway , but considering you were going to anyway it is probably not a bad idea to disable it .
this is an issue with the newer maps ( 7 and above ) . you could try reverting to the version 6 , such as 6.14.4
you can not change the text size in google maps , because the whole map , including the labels , is retrieved from google 's servers as an image . ( in fact , they are lots of small images called tiles . for this reason , using a different app that embeds google maps will not help at all : they are all just displaying the same tiles . if you want a map that looks different , you will need to use an openstreetmap-based app . openstreetmap ( osm ) is like the wikipedia of maps : it is a free , open map of the world maintained and updated by volunteers . since the raw map data are available for anyone to use , there are some osm apps that generate the map image on your device , instead of downloading tiles from a central server . such apps have more options for customizing the map to suit your needs , so while i do not know off-hand of one with text size options , this starting point might help you to find one .
no matter what you try , you are basically stuck with the limitations of your phone . there are other procedures on android forums to force apps that usually can not be put on your sd card therefore freeing up more internal memory . i only have 200mb of internal memory , over 100 apps and still have 105mb of internal memory . i have room for more apps than i will ever need . again , you do not have to root your phone , as some you can not due to upgrades in the os like mine , but there are other workarounds . good luck !
you can also opt for an easier way as described in this answer , if all you are looking for , is to shift apps from your phone 's internal memory to sd card . a free app called link2sd will help in this case . it has a decent gui and makes it easier to move apps between sd card and internal memory - also fixes the market links so that updates from the market are automatically moved to sd card if the app was previously on sd card .
you would need a custom rom that supports moving apps to the ext3 partition . i would recommend searching the development section of xda-developers forums for your handset for such a rom . if a rom does not support apps2ext natively , you can try your luck with a script ( example for htc dream/magic here ) that can be installed on top of another rom . [ edit ] : just adding stuff from my comments to the answer . if you are on android version 2.2 and above , you can use the built-in " apps-to-sd " functionality to move apps to sd card . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then tap on any app and under the " storage " section tap the " move to sd " button . after a few seconds you will see the button 's name change to " move to phone " and size of the app decrease significantly . this method is not without drawbacks . first off , an app needs to be explicitly coded to support this functionality . second , widgets and apps that run as a service ( e-mail , virtual keyboards , weather notifications , etc . ) do not work when moved to sd , and must reside on the phone 's internal memory . furthermore , not the entire app moves to the sd card . a part of it stays on the phone , along with its cache and data/settings . if you have a phone with a small amount of internal app storage , using the built-in apps-to-sd will just prolong the inevitable " out of memory " errors . the apps2ext scripts resolve most of these shortcomings . it " fools " the phone into thinking that the ext2/3/4 partition is part of the phone 's internal memory . this means that widgets and services will work just fine with this method . also , since you can make your partition as large as you wish ( recommended not to exceed 2gb ) , the space issues disappear . the scripts also provide options for moving caches and data to the ext partition in order to free up even more internal memory . the drawback of the apps2ext method is that it is well , a hack . first off , your phone needs to be rooted . second , you will no longer be able to un-mount and remove the sd card from the phone , since all of the apps ( including system ones ) reside on the ext partition . third , you are putting a lot more strain on the sd card from increased writing , which may shorten its lifespan . finally , as with any hack it may make your phone less stable .
you might need to clear the cache of the download manager . go into : Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All (tab) -&gt; Download Manager  here tap Clear cache and for good measure Clear data
if your phone has a menu hard key , like most samsung phones , the three-dots icon for an overflow menu will not appear . press the menu key instead , and settings is the bottom item on the menu .
it might be that this option will try to repair any filesystem issues that it finds . if a repair attempt does not do the right thing , or is prevented from completion ( say , the battery dies ) , you could end up with unusable files ; or , if the repair attempt failed in the system partition , you could end up with a dead device ( but you might be able to recover with a factory reset ) .
it is even riskier than cybersam says . you should not check/repair a mounted filesystem ( i.e. . when it is in use ) , on any operating system , because programs might be using the files while you are checking them and possibly making changes . this could cause the checker to think there are errors where there are really no errors ; it might cause unexpected behaviour of any program that happens to read or write files during the check ; and any files written during the check might be corrupted or completely lost . on a pc , you can check a non-essential filesystem by unmounting it before the check , or you can check a system partition by booting from a usb stick or cd so that no filesystems from the hard disk need to be mounted . on android , the closest equivalent is doing it from the recovery : this way , you can check any filesystem other than the one the recovery is on ( assuming the recovery does not mount the sd card ) .
the galaxy nexus is supported from a device/hardware standpoint , but it may not be available in your region for some reason . if that is the case , you can instead get rom manager directly from the developer 's website . there are also clockworkmod recovery downloads on that page . if , for whatever reason , rom manager proves to be unusable or unsatisfactory , there are a few alternatives currently available : goomanager beta rom toolbox
lg 's site is terrible so it took me a while to find , but you can get the drivers for the thrill from here : http://www.lg.com/us/support-mobile/lg-p925
i am not sure about a shortcut but a simple widget should be good enough for your needs . while i have not tried this myself here is how i would start : write a simple widget to put on the home screen . be prepared to send in a new intent as soon as the widget is started up open the dolphin browser while having your device connected to adb . notice the intent that is being sent by the activitymanager when starting the browser . in your app create a new intent ( ) and fill it up with the specific component/class name of dolphin browser and pass in the url of the site you want to open as data . i think the tricky part will be detecting the exact class and component name used by dolphin browser . the rest of it should be straight forward ( i think ) .
it is doable , but you cannot do this without 3rd party application , because by default shortcuts or bookmarks ( as available in the system features ) do not hold such information . i am not able to name any app that would do this , as i never personally needed this , but i am certain they do exist as it is not technically complicated , as most likely you are not the only one with such needs . all it needs to be done is to create a shortcut , which would launch this 3rd party app being a " proxy " and said app would then call explicitly specified application handing your url to it .
i can think of two simple ways . 1 . download in to you pc and android one of the many notes app with auto sync between the devices . just drop the link into a note and you will get it inmediately on your phone , from there its a click away to whatsapp . 2 . if you use chrome browser on both devices you can enable autosync of favs between them . so you add the site to your favs in one device and get it in the other .
if you use google chrome , you can sync up your tabs so that when you open the chrome on either your laptop , phone or tablet , you will be able to see any tabs you have open on all of your devices relatively easily .
you might want to check out airdroid , it supports posting directly to the devices clipboard .
another route , if you are on your computer and wanting to send something , is to see if there is an app/program on the computer you are using that would allow you to share the bit of information without involving your phone . i think there are a few apps/programs that allow you to communicate through what is app from your computer . of course i mean at that point you could just send an email or even gchat .
forget the pain of emailing stuff just to share some text . if you are running android version 4.0 and above , check keep from google . keep works on your phone , tablet and computer . everything you add syncs across all of your devices . visit https://keep.google.com/ to open keep on pc . add your notes/text/link/audio note/photo . immediately this would be synced across your devices . you can access the same stuff in your android app . works vice versa as well . get google keep android app from here . click here to watch google keep video tutorial .
there is no where in the stock system that provides the id , however there are apps that will provide it , such as android system info . some stock roms hidden menus also contain this info .
you can do this via adb . does not require root , as far as i know ( tested on a galaxy nexus running 4.2.1 built from aosp source ) :
the two are actually quite different . titanium backs up apps and settings only . nandroid backs up everything including the os . titanium is useful when messing with apps and settings , since you have the option of restoring only what you want . nandroid backups are largely for when you totally b0rk your phone and need to restore it to a more or less pristine state . the biggest difference is that titanium requires a working android installation , while nandroid only requires a working cwm or other custom recovery . just to clarify , nandroid only backs up your /system , /data and a few other partitions . it does not backup your sd card . titanium backup may back up some of the stuff on your sd card , but not necessarily all of it , only data that associated with an app will be backed up ( and perhaps a few other things like photos and music ) .
look in settings-> accounts most likely you will have an account there for facebook . there may be settings for that account that allow you to choose what gets synced . otherwise if you do not need any of it , delete the account . it will not running in the background updating facebook statuses for those contacts . . . should help with battery life , memory , etc . hope this helps .
it depends on router to router , like i have a belkin router , in which i can set up mac address filtering . to set up this , open your router default page ( might be 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.2.1 ) . if it asks for password and username , first try leaving it blank , if this does not log you in , try putting admin in both user name and password , if this does not log you in , contact your isp ( internet service provider ) . then go in the firewall settings and then find mac address filtering . then add the mac address of the device you want to be allowed in the given fields . only the devices whose mac address has been entered , can connect with the router . you can manage all this via your mobile . if you post your router model number and company ( located at the bottom of the router ) , i can tell you if your router supports filtering or not .
i had the same problem and had tried all the stupid cache cleaner apps which in my opinion only take up even more disc space . i have a 32 gb card and so everything was on that and had manually cleaned everything out myself . the only thing that got rid of the warning was this . go to mesg folders and find the junk folder . i had over 1000 msgs in there . the only problem was i had to delete them all one by one . i could not find a way to delete the entire folders content with one click so it took me a while . i have not had the warning since so this seems to have cured the problem for now . oh and remember to keep on top of that folder in future . i wil lol .
it is enormously annoying , is not it ? there is no way to suppress it on an unmodified system that i know of , but you can at least free up more internal disk space by emptying system and app caches using an app like sd maid or by going into the application management section ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications-&gt;All , then click on an app name ) and manually clearing out app data for hogs like google maps and the like using the Clear cache button ( note : do not clear the app data ! just the cache ) .
check out visual voicemail plus by phonefusion . i found a setting in the app under " notifications and sound " , called " disable space warning " . kind of weird that a voicemail app has this function , but it is awesome ! also , you can disable " sdcard not found " notifications and enable an " ignore carrier voicemail " option , for those who use google voice . the " plus " version is free to use , but it does require registration . just use a secondary email for ads . you do not need to purchase . i believe you can even uninstall the app after changing these settings , but i am not sure . edit : now i am actually unsure if these are for the system notifications . i hope someone can confirm this works . i know my voicemail notification is gone using the setting ( except at first boot , which is way better than it showing up every minute ) i noticed that i may have doped , because the sd card settings might be for the app itself , which would make more sense . however , again , the voicemail setting affected the system notification , so there might be a possibility the others work too . i hope my rep does not go down after i just registered for this community . - . -
sd maid might help . you could download it , use it and then uninstall it since it takes up 3 mbs itself . then just re-download it later if needed .
that is not a bug , it is a feature . it is called the " back stack " . the idea is that you perform a single task , like reading e-mail , and all activities , that it is what " windows " are called on android , are grouped together on the task 's back stack . if you want imdb " in a separate window " , that is as activity of a new task with its own back stack , you can simply open it from the launcher by selecting the imdb icon .
highly doubtful . if the phone is using google play services , which every manufacturer must use and agree to a strict set of terms and conditions if they want their device to access the google play store , then chrome will be installed . it is one of google 's key apps , along with gmail , maps and so on .
on my galaxy s3 it is home and power but they need to be held in for about 1 second but it may be different on the s2 edit : according to this samsung have changed the screen shot buttons to be volume down + power on some firmware versions and on others it is power + home heald for about 2 seconds . hope that helps
i was on the same situation like yours . . my s2 updated about one month ago . . do press your home button together with lock or power button and hold it for about 2 seconds . . press it together not separately and hold . . best of luck . . ; )
you can use connectbot to tunnel your connection over ssh .
you can configure android to use a proxy server . but you must do it either from the adb client , or from the terminal in a rooted g1 . > adb shell # sqlite3 /data/data/com . google . android . providers . settings/databases/settings . db sqlite> insert into system values ( 99 , ’http_proxy ' , ' proxy:port' ) ; sqlite> . exit read about @ http://discuz-android.blogspot.com/2008/01/set-proxy-for-android-web-browser.html
a boot-loop can have different reasons . though in most cases this happens after flashing a new rom , other things might affect it as well : e.g. some system related apps which have services or the like started quite early . but those special cases usually rather result in a force-close-loop than in a boot-loop . things you can try : safe mode see whether you can boot your device into safe mode ( according to an xda post , this should be achieved by keeping vol- and power pressed simultaneously until the phone is booted up , and shows the string " safe mode " in the lower left corner ) . if that works , it is one of the apps you lately installed which causes this problem . go and remove the app ( via settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps ) , reboot , and you should be fine . in case you get problems leaving safe mode : power down , take out the battery for 30s , insert it again , power up . recovery mode if safe mode is not reachable either , you can try booting to recovery mode ( should be vol+ + vol- + power ) . in the menu appearing there , select to " wipe cache " . reboot . if the problem still persists , and you have no custom recovery , all that is left to you to try is a factory reset . this will wipe all your data and the apps you have installed . you can do so from the very same recovery menu by chosing " wipe data " or " factory reset " ( it is labeled either the one or the other ) . in case you have a custom recovery , you can try first to only " wipe dalvik cache " .
my incredible does this as well . i have been told that this also is sometimes used by applications to indicate that an app has downloaded updated data . for instance , if the htc mail application has downloaded new emails . but i have not taken the time to see if this is accurate or not .
you phone should light up when you activate it . when an internal process either stops or wakes up you phone ( like you said to start data transfer ) or on other actions the lights can light up . when a process crashes my phone lights up the control keys too , usually with a buzz .
there are 2 potential solutions . one , when you use perform task you can pick the priority of the task your asking it to run . if you set the priority the same or higher than the current task ( a good way to do this is to specify '%priority + 1' ) , the new task will completely execute before the current on resumes . if you set the priority of the task lower than the current task 's priority , the current task will finish before the new task starts . since i have had mix results with the use of priority could add a wait until after the preform task . example : 1. WAIT UNTIL MIN: 1 UNTIL: %Done IS SET  the variable , %done , is set at the last line of the task you called . you can set %done to anything but one it is set the 1st task will know it is okay to continue . if you have any further problems feel free to come back and ask more question . if my answer does solve your problem please remember to make it as answered and to upvote my answer . i only ask since i am new and i am trying to build up my reputation . thanks , hope it all works out .
from stackexchange-url you might need to activate adb root from the developer settings menu . if you run adb root from the cmd line you can get : root access is disabled by system setting - enable in settings -> development options root access is disabled by system setting - enable in settings -> development options once you activate the root option ( adb only or apps and adb ) adb will restart and you will be able to use root from the cmd line . source : stackexchange-url
there is busybox installer program in market . also good rooting programs may install busybox themselves . you can install it manually into /system/xdev/ ( with necessary symbolic links ) here is one i have :
the usb port is not powered on the kindle fire , and thus cannot host usb devices . so , a wired external keyboard connected directly to your kindle is pretty much out of the question . what if you were to power the keyboard some other way ? well . . . that seemed to be the question this one gentleman asked himself . he decided that connecting a powered usb 2.0 hub to the kindle , and then connecting the devices to the hub would be the way to go . he found he needed a usb otg cable to start the process . he hooked up the hub , plugged in the mouse , and saw a mouse cursor . he connected a keyboard , and could type . so . . that is my advice . get yourself a powered usb hub . of course , unless you then got creative with supplying power to the hub via a battery pack , you are limited to using the keyboard to wherever you can plug the hub in . . . but that is still a step in the right direction .
what about a wireless mouse and keyboard ? they have built in power supplies . . . sneaks off to accomplish awesomeness
i have tried this on froyo , i can remove the unwanted swype words by : 1 . swype the word . 2 . select that word . 3 . hit the ' swype ' key . 4 . you will get a confirmation to delete the word from swype dictionary . on latest android version , you get a list of words on the top of the keyboard . if the unwanted word comes on top , long tap it . you will get an option to delete it .
swype uses a separate dictionary . you can access the settings for both from within the system settings : from the homescreen , open settings &rarr ; language and keyboard for swype continue : swype &rarr ; personal dictionary for the default keyboard : my dictionary there you can edit/add/remove words from your user dictionary .
i had the same problem . after deleting a large ( 3 mb ) message it synced the inbox again . . . maybe this would work for you too ?
i deleted the account and re-added it . it is syncing again . not much of an answer , i suppose . . .
not sure if it does what you want to , but i use quick system info pro ( free ) . in this app , via " basic info " , you can get to the battery details , and check the " power usage " . this gives you a break-down on which processes are responsible for power usage in percentages . i have found it to be the most extensive monitoring application i could find . also , the dmesg and logcat viewer ( alos in the app ) might give you an indication which messages are exchanged and thus which application/thread is responsible for activity .
you could uninstall kies and the drivers completely , and then install the uk version of kies from here . ( make sure to select the uk as your location during install ) . this should allow you to perform the update , although it might not give you the language you want . this worked for me to get froyo on my vibrant before it was released in the us . alternatively you could try another european country that has had an official update released . you could also try flashing the latest european firmware via odin . xda has a guide on this ( see the upgrading section ) . this is risky if you do not follow the instructions closely and will void your warranty just like rooting , but i have used odin dozens of times on my vibrant with no issues .
you can do video chat through google talk on honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) , which is only available on the motorola xoom at this point in time . no word on when this feature will trickle down into newer versions of android ( 2.4+ ) or if this will become a standalone/updatable market app like gmail , youtube , etc .
google talk video/voice support will be rolled out shortly on all android 2.3 gingerbread devices or on the nexus s now ( but as an os update , not an app update , so you would find it in settings , not in market )
use fring . it can connect to gtalk and enable you to talk to your gtalk buddies . but it mutes in samsung galaxy 3 .
vtok - google videochat ( beta ) may suit your needs :
fring or nimbuzz apps from the market place both allow you to do voice calls using gtalk .
after you install an app that takes over the dock intent it will ask which one you wish to use as default . the one i use is called gentle alarm which has a nice dock display and some additional alarm features . it is however a paid app . i know there are several free apps out there as well .
i also faced that problem . after changing the motherboard it rectified . since it was done during warranty period , i did it free of cost . many peoples suffer this problem and it is clear that it is manufacturing defect .
the most effective way to block this , is by rooting your device , and remove or freeze the offending app . try titaniumbackup , appquarantine and afwall+ . but the simplest way , may be to try to install a hosts file that blocks all bad ip addresses , such as the one provided by moaab . you can try that without root , but i doubt it will work on your 4.4.2 .
you could try factory resetting you tablet . not sure if it might help . it is worth a try .
there is quite a bit that goes into placing a call to a mobile phone . here 's an excerpt from the wikipedia article on gsm services , slightly edited for clarity , which does a good job explaining some of what happens when a call is placed to a gsm cellular phone . when someone places a call to a mobile phone they dial the telephone number associated with the phone user and the call is routed to the mobile phone operator 's gateway mobile switching centre ( msc ) . the first job of the gateway msc is to determine the current location of the mobile phone in order to connect the call . it does this by consulting the home location register ( hlr ) . when the hlr receives this query message , it determines whether the call should be routed to another number ( called a divert ) , or if it is to be routed directly to the mobile . if the home location register knows that the phone is roaming in a particular visited location register area , then it will request a temporary number ( called an msrn ) from that vlr . this number is relayed back to the gateway msc , and then used to route the call to the msc where the called phone is roaming . when the call arrives at the visiting msc , the msrn is used to determine which of the phones in this area is being called . the msc pages all the mobile phone masts in the area in order to inform the destination handset that there is an incoming call for it . if the subscriber answers , a speech path is created through the visiting msc and gateway msc back to the network of the person making the call , and a normal telephone call follows . all of this and more ( depending on the origin of the call , the carriers involved , and how smoothly things are running on that particular day ) happens in fractions of seconds . when taken altogether , though , it can create a noticeable delay . that is why it takes so long for your wife 's phone to start ringing and that is also why there is not much you can do about it . it is all pretty cool if you think about it .
a copy is locally stored , so these contacts are also available when there is no current data connection .
this is most likely some app utilizing google services . you do not show the details screen to be reached when tapping the graph on top of your first screenshot . please check there , and cross-check with how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- the " keep awake " of your second screenshot suggest wakelocks as the " source of evil " . the part what if it is the android system itself ? should help you track the issue down further . another possible -- no , very likely candidate is found in another question i just stumbled upon : google services is killing my battery by keeping phone awake . sound familiar ? ; )
i will say yes , but , that answer does not necessarily hold true 100% of the time . it really depends on the bands that the device supports . on the device spec sheets you will usually see something like this : 800/1900/700 these are the bands that the device will operate on . i pulled these numbers from the droid bionic . from that spec sheet , it goes even further and shows that it supports ev-do rev . a ( cdma/3g ) , and lte ( 4g ) . so this phone does support verizon 's 3g and 4g networks , which means that if 4g is not avaialble , then it will fall back to the cdma data network ( which is what the device will uses for voice even when data uses lte . the same rules apply for gsm networks like at and t and t-mobile . the device spec sheet will say what bands the device can operate on , and if the carrier 's network operates within that band , then the phone will work . this is why iphone users can use unlocked at and t iphones on t-mobile 's network , but they only can get edge data . this is because the iphone does not support the band that t-mobile uses for its umts/hspa/hspa+ ( 3g/4g ) data networks . t-mobile bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 1700/2100 ( umts/hspa ) at and t bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 580/1900 ( umts/hspa ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) verizon bands : 800/1900 ( cmda/ev-do ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) sprint does not know if they want to use lte or wimax so i am not listing their bands .
yes , the current verizon 4g phones all have support for the 3g network . as matthew read points out , it would not make sense until 4g coverage is available everywhere that 3g is . if you have an active data connection , your phone will get a new ip address when it lands on the new network ( 4g-> 3g or 3g-> 4g ) ; apps must be able to handle this event ( any app that can handle a temporary loss of data on a 3g network should be fine here ) this document from motorola 's developer site includes the following description : " as the connected device moves from cell to cell , it tries to maintain its network connection . it will generally be successful if the network type doesn’t change between cells . however , if the device moves into or out of the 4g coverage area , the data connection will be dropped and your ip address will change . because this can happen while an app has an active data connection open , android sends an android .net. connectivitymanager . connectivity_action broadcast whenever there is a change in the network . if your app needs to be aware of network changes , register for this broadcast . "
no . their contact list ( that is synced with the google account ) is based on the gmail contact list . it is a local copy ; so any changes must be made from their side . however , if they synced/merged that gmail contact to your google plus account , and you updated your contact information in google plus , it is still possible for them to know your new number .
you cannot currently get that list . you may want to temporarily : disable auto-update apps in the google play settings menu on your device . enable the notifications checkbox . choose when to update each app manually , once you see an update notification . your existing review , or lack of review , is evident right there 1 inch down the app page if you are in in portrait mode . two weeks later , you will have reviewed those developers who are updating super-regularly . keep this up for as long as you can stand to , and all of the developers who are not dormant are reviewed . then switch your settings back . each manual update will occupy about 30 seconds per app of your time , or less . and it is not perfect . there will be apps who never update before you decide to re-enable auto-update apps . i stay in perpetual manual update mode and i have never failed to give feedback on any app i have installed .
create a list in your office/organizer of all your apps , then , as you rate your apps go back to that list and mark them as rated . i know it is not automatically calculated for you thus not super convenient but hey , it has to be better than searching one by one . :- )
i am not exactly sure what you mean by " the fit visible feature " . give a try to qpdf viewer , it is a free android pdf reader that does have a text reflow mode accessible ( under view menu from the action bar ) . a simple double tap fits the document to the screen size – which is pretty useful on tablets .
gustavo . i had similar problem . i am using ebookdroid . it is free and it crops and splits pages . good luck .
i am not sure about foxit reader , but i am using the paid ezpdf reader . i am really amazed about its ability to show and fit the content to screen when reading columns of text ( like in newspaper ) . it has other super features like horizontal scroll and automatic scroll to next part .
have you tried doing a factory reset ( you will lose all data ) ? steps to do a factory reset are found here .
according to samsung uk it will be getting ics , so i would say that it has to be compatible . quote from samsung uk 's twitter : Hi, good news - the Galaxy S II will be receiving ICS, but there are no dates confirmed as yet. We will keep you posted.
there is a specific document describing the official requirements of ics called the " android 4.0 compatibility definition " . you can compare this to the phone 's specs to see if it matches the official requirements and hope that samsung continues to support your device long enough to upgrade it to ics . if not , your only hope is for an unofficial port of ics , similar to teamhacksung 's ics port for the original galaxy s . these are not officially supported and will cause you to void your warranty .
yes , it is compatible . maybe this can help you : installing android ics 4.0.3 on samsung galaxy sii
technically they can inspect the http headers and look at the user-agent field to determine browser and os ; but imagine the millions and millions of http requests for web pages and applications in a given day . they can do trends , and data mining techniques to find out - but is it worth all that effort for them just to track down someone using a few more mb of bandwidth ? probably not .
is the app from the carrier itself ? if you root your phone and install a custom rom you are erasing the phone and anything that was pre-installed by the carrier . it should work fine after that , or if you have a international version of the phone . also , they can only see how much data you are using , and they just make it slower if they see you are using too much .
eldarerathis may be right ( from his comment ) . the tethering app itself might be monitoring your usage , with statistics being sent to the service provider . try using a different tethering app- if that might help . but again , i say , it might not make a difference whether the device is rooted or not .
dont think the gmail profile picture and the sms picture will sync up . when you are in an sms chat try pressing your own picture and updating it with a picture of you .
when i send sms to another phone , it is not sent as my google profile , eg . example@gmail.com, but as my number , eg . +123456789 . if you add your own number to your contacts , and then add profile picture , you will see it in sms chat .
nope , no limit . source at xda-developers forum
greenify uses the android command " am " to stop an app and applies this command again if the app is wakened by any action whatsoever . that is what hibernating means . hibernated app will no longer start during phone boot , respond to registered intents or be triggered by alarms from the system . everything it does is temporary . the am command does not touch the installed files or any configuration information . this is citation from excellent explanation by lioux on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=40475823postcount=1200
try uninstalling the drivers and installing it again , that should probably work
taking a look at our app2sd tag-wiki , there is a solution to that – but it requires your device to be rooted . simple2ext ( s2e ) offers to move apps , their data , and some cache to the sdcard . alternatively , as cache resides on its own /cache partition , you could also use directorybind to move that to sdcard entirely . again , this requires root .
you should clean cache regularly , a lot of cache can make your device slow , you can use auto cache cleaner free to clean all the cache quickly , you can also schedule an automatic clean up too ! android maintain caches and removes un-needed caches however , i have read in google developers docs that the app should maintain the cache itself and the developer must not rely on android to maintain the cache but some apps does not maintain cache as needed , and so you need to clean them , usually cache should not be more than ~25mb per app , and should not be more than ~75mb in all the device ( however , it depends on the number of apps . . )
i had the same problem with my wife 's phone ( lg g2x p999 ) . unfortunately you are going to have to master reset . . . . if it does not work from the settings , then reset manually ( hold power button and volume down till you see the android guy then let go ) after that your phone will be reset and the downloading issue will stop . read through these steps prior to resetting to ensure you do not lose anything you do not wanna . . . . hope this helped you http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-2521 should be the 5th link down where it says preparing for master reset
almost certainly not . unless samsung has provided a way for you to do this &mdash ; highly unlikely due to warranty and user experience issues &mdash ; you will need root and probably a custom kernel that supports overclocking .
if you know the app causing the loop , you can boot to " safe mode " and delete its cache . if it is still force-closing , do the same with its data , or even uninstall the app . for details , please refer to : what is safe mode ? how do i boot my samsung nexus s into safe mode ? how would you uninstall a rogue home ( launcher ) application ?
further to what izzy answered , if you cannot isolate the problem and want to factory reset , here 's what you can do : use google account to sync contact , settings and wifi passwords etc . use sms backup app to save sms to your sd card . save a list of apps using appbrain app . if you need full backup including app data , root your phone and install titanium backup . you will have to root it again after reset , but rooting for galaxy s2 is easy . here 's a guide .
issue solved boot in recovery mode > choose " wipe cache partition " and reboot . no need to factory reset and lose all data . long description i also suddenly had my samsung galaxy sii ( sgs2 gt-i9100 ) running android 2.3.4 with a rush of continuous force close pop up windows , a lot of apps that seemed to try to connect to internet would trigger a popup force close window , many apps crashed . i hardly managed to quickly close the popups and turn off the phone , removed the battery and turned it on again but the problem persisted and got worse so in the end i got this popup again and again : " the application logsprovider ( process com . sec . android . provider . logsprovider ) has stopped unexpectedly . please try again . force close . " and really had to try hard to close all those popups quickly to switch off the phone . i found the solution here which is : turn off the phone ( hold the power button if the power-off menu will not appear ) . boot in recovery mode ( holding volume up key + home key + power button at same time ) . choose the fourth option " wipe cache partition " ( using the volume keys to select option and then home button to excecute ) . allow to reboot normally and problem solved .
my maps should be bound to your account only . even if you upload them to google.com, they will still go to the same servers as google . ca , and should show up in your account either way . is there any particular reason you want this ?
you can not :o ( you can install another home screen app from the market if you do not want to use the sense home screen . if you want to avoid sense altogether , you will need to root your phone and flash a non-sense rom .
this question is impossible to answer without knowing the configuration your university uses . you should ask for the details of the mail server from the university 's helpdesk . you will need to know at least the server address , username and password for your mail account , and possibly even more details such as custom port numbers , access restrictions , protocols to use , encryption etc . i am certain that the helpdesk can assist you in getting the email settings correctly into your phone .
it allows you to " mark " a card . it is a kind of bookmark that allows you to find this card easily later . the most common case is when a card needs editing , but you do not have time/tools to edit it right now , so you mark it , and you will fix the card when you are back home . why not edit the card right away , instead of just marking it ? examples : you are reviewing in the bus , and you notice a kanji that you probably entered wrongly , so you need to check . but you need the library 's huge kanji dictionary , which is too heavy to carry in the bus . you realize you made a typo when entering a latex formula . you will only be able to fix it next time you are at your desktop computer . you have a doubt about a card , and must ask a native speaker , but there is none around . reference : http://ankisrs.net/docs/markedcards.html thanks for using ankidroid !
no , your provider can not give you a recording of your phone call , and it is not saved on the phone by default . there are a zillion apps on google play for recording phone calls , but there are two things to be aware of:- some phones simply can not record calls . this is because the " cellphone chip " in your phone has direct access to the microphone and speaker , so the phone call sounds do not ever pass through android 's phone system . if your phone was designed this way , probably you can record your side of the call ( because android still has access to the microphone ) , but not the other side . it does not matter which call recording app you use , because it is a limitation of the hardware . in some countries , it is illegal to record a phone call without the consent of the other participant ( s ) . before doing anything , you should check , especially if you intend to use the recording as evidence to confront the other participant later or in a legal dispute .
you can not set an icon on the notification bar to " let you be online all the time " , it is not user defining option . but the service is always running , like thelper said , you do not have to mind that , you will receive the messages without the icon appearing all the time .
try clearing the data ( performing a factory reset ) from your recovery . some custom roms need this , for whatever reason .
there does not seem to be one right now . check samfirmware for official rom updates . ( note - that is not an official site , they just host the official firmwares ) . this site describes how to install a 2.1 arabic rom on a galaxy 5 . hope that helps .
you can install mirsal it is a prog that read arabic sms but for entire arabic rom . . if you find one plzzz inform me
the idect ihomephone has android . i do not know whether or not it comes with google play however .
motorola also has a device similar to the archos simon mentions , though they do not seem to be available for sale yet , despite clearing fcc approval back in april . binatone also offers such devices , though it appears to only be available in europe there is also android-based voip units , like the panasonic kx-ut670 , though i imagine that is not what you are looking for .
apparently yes . the archos smart home phone is an android phone priced at £130 in the uk : http://www.androidcentral.com/archos-smart-home-phone-now-available-get-android-your-landline although the reviews on amazon uk arent very good : http://www.amazon.co.uk/archos-501809-smart-home-phone/dp/b005h0m8lw binatone ihome phone idect with dect and android technology http://www.amazon.co.uk/binatone-ihome-phone-android-technology/dp/b004ebv1gi currently unavailable ( maybe its that good )
simply get yourself a terminal app ( a good choice would be android terminal emulator ) , start it , and enter the command free . the output then should look like this : this example is from my motorola milestone 2 , and you can see : it does not use any swap : " total " available swap space is "0" . if your device would use swap , at least the numbers for " totals " and one of " used " or " free " should be &gt ; 0 .
try to install some apps . directly on device using google play , then you will find your device after sometime , happened to me many a times .
try following ( worked in my case ) remove google account from settings clear data of play-store and google services framework restart phone now access play store again .
from a gnu/linux-based os , you can use heimdall , an open-source alternative to odin which is proported to match odin feature-for-feature while also being more reliable . otherwise , you can follow any of the many tutorials for installing a new android rom . i will provide a bit more information to help you start your journey : if you want a custom rom like cyanogenmod or any of the dozens which are available in precompiled packages for specific devices , then you will need to use heimdall to flash a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) . the zipped rom images are flashable through these recovery modes . if you want stock , samsung android/touchwiz then you can use heimdall to flash over the entire android image from samsung . ( google around to find the one for your model ) if you want to compile android yourself , you will likely want a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) and you can download the android source code or if you want to modify existing custom roms , you can download their respective source and compile it yourself . you had need to hunt down some in-depth android compiling tutorials in order to do this , as it is not a simple process . note : before flashing anything to your device , make sure that you match the model numbers !
google play is covered by the terms of google 's privacy policy , and in fact links you to it when you first launch the app or visit the link in the play website 's footer . the very brief summary is that they divide it into : " information you give us " - any info provided during registration device information - noted to be "...your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number" log information location information unique application numbers local storage cookies and anonymous identifiers since google 's apps are proprietary i doubt you will get much more definite information than that unless you ask google directly . you can read the full text of google 's privacy policy to see how they use the information they collect ( among other things ) .
if you just want a fresh start with your phone , you do not need to reinstall the os at all , because os files and user apps and data are stored separately . in normal use , the os partition is read-only . all you need to do is a factory reset . this wipes all user data and apps , but does not usually touch the sd card . the process to follow is slightly different for different phones , but there is usually two ways : either reboot into recovery mode , which has a " factory reset " menu item , or from settings → backup and reset .
look on the charger for where it says " output " . it'll say 5v , 0.5a or similar .
as i already pointed out in multiple places , the integrated " google backup " . . . does not backup everything ( apps have to explicitly support it ) is unrelyable on restore ( sometimes it works , sometimes not at all , when it gets interrupted e.g. by a network outage it cannot be resumed . . . ) not everybody likes to have personal/sensitive data backed up somewhere in a cloud in no way this " google backup " can be counted as a complete solution . at least with android 4.0 and higher , there is a possibility to do complete backups ( and restore them successfully ) -- see full backup of non-rooted devices . but this also has some disadvantages : you can do a full backup -- but then you only can do a full restore ( not selectively pick parts ) you can do " selective backups " , but if you want to do that for all your apps etc . separately , it is not an easy task ( but rather excessive work ) other options for complete backups require root access on the device , e.g. titanium backup as the best and most famous variant . same applies to other full backups like nandroid via a custom recovery ( such as e.g. clockworkmod recovery , mentioning the most famous example ) -- and again , these can also be restored only completely ( except you use just mentioned titanium backup for restore , as it also can read nandroid backups ) . all other solutions are not complete , but only cover parts . there are lots of apps to e.g. backup/restore single components like sms , call logs , contacts . there are also apps which claim to create " full backups " -- but without root , that is impossible for an app . still , one might succeed finding solutions for the most important data without requiring root access on the device .
i have used wondershare mobilego with good reults . ther eis a free version and a paid version . other usefull tools as well . wondershare mobilego how to
are you using the galaxy nexus ? on your home screen you will see the " google search " bar . on the right , inside this bar , you will see a microphone symbol . tap it . i believe you are stuck going back to this screen .
as you had said yourself , the maps size can be known only when you start to download . the app itself takes approx 20mb ( total size = app size + data ) and it includes no map ( actually app will say installing World map , but unless you download a country 's map you would not be see anything on screen that resembles a map ) . map for france : you might also be interested to download other stuffs other than map . for instance for uk , you can download postcode database which can be very useful for locating a destination without internet connection . also , it would be worth while to download speed cameras database so that you would get a warning when you approach one and warn if your current speed is high to cause you trouble .
i have the same phone and got it to work on eduroam just now ( was actually googling for solutions when i managed to solve it myself ) . was your problem also that you could not find the right part of the settings ? weirdly you need to first just try to connect any old how ( so it is saved as a network you use ) and then long-press on it and choose " modify network " . this time you get a much longer list of options and can choose peap etc as in the university instructions -- at least , my university instructions work ( http://www.oucs.ox.ac.uk/network/wireless/services/eduroam/android/ ) and i believe the point of the network is that you only need to set it up once . however i am already on the 4.1.2 update . if you still can not get on you could check if the ota is available for you yet ( all settings -> about phone -> system updates ) .
i had the same problem with my razr i ( android 4.0.4 ) and was able to solve it by installing wifi connection manager . within the app , 802.1x peap is available for configuration .
okay , i figured out how to set the good ol ' voice commands app as the default voice commands interface . it has to be done while not connected to a hands free device via bluetooth . tap into the phone app tap the phone app 's microphone icon in my case a prompt appeared asking me to select the default app to handle voice commands . thereafter , it is used the correct voice commands app when connected via bluetooth . for those who wanted to know how to disable google now , here 's how it is done : swipe up from the home icon to activate google now scroll all the way to the bottom tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dot icon ) tap settings tap google now tap the off/on switch in the upper-right to disable google now
the method above works , or did for me -- disable google , but i found out later that while it still lets google work as a search engine ( or does for me ) , it killed maps which means you can not use navigation . if you want to re-enable google , follow the same steps : setting , apps , all , then scroll to the bottom and you will find the disabled google . re-enable and maps works but you are back to the horrible google voice dialer . it is either/or ( good voice dial or maps/nav ) until google fixes the operating system .
i agree the google voice dialer is horrible ! i was able to restore the android voice commands on my droid razr maxx by doing the following : go to manage apps , then swipe over to all apps . look for google search then disable it . this is probably all you need to do , but i went about it probably the wrong way by also doing the following . in manage apps , click on your menu button and reset app preferences . ihe google search , click the " clear data " button . the next time i pressed my bluetooth call button , it asked if i want to complete it with my motospeak or voice commands , either always or just once . i selected always it works again !
i have a motorola droid , was getting great voice dialing using my bt voyager pro via the " voice commands " app ( same as mic icon ) but after the android 4.2 update , google voice was activated and was a disaster . to fix this i went to Settings &gt; Apps&gt; Google search and deactivated it . this fixed my voice dialing problem ( went back to " voice commands" ) but the search ( magnifying glass icon ) on my phone went dead . i then went to the android store and downloaded/installed the new " google search " app . when i used voice dialing for the first time , it gave me the option of either using voice commands ( mic icon ) or google voice ( i think a read icon ) . i chose the first one and now it works as before . the search button is also working as intended . the above may sound trivial , but when one is driving and wants to make a call , having to hold your phone to type the number after 5 failed attempts to voice dial is the last thing you want to do .
you can create an application for any device that runs the android os , this is not restricted to specific device manufacturers . restrictions in the execution are caused mainly because of the version of the android os that runs on the device ( the differtent api 's ) or the difference in hardware capabilities between devices . if you are planning to make an application you should by all means have some programming experience . with the use of some very helpful software development tools you could create personal application like suggested . be sure to check out the documentation provided on androids official website to get a solid introduction on this topic .
while any android device can be programmed , there are some caveats you should be aware of . first , what features are available to you as a developer depend very much on what version of android is installed on your tablet . very importantly , a tablet that is running a version of android below 3.0 honeycomb ( or ideally 4.0 ice cream sandwich ) will not have any of android 's tablet-specific features accessible to it . second , an app you develop will not necessarily run on all android devices ( or even all android tablets ) . obviously tablets that run a version of android lower than what you have targeted with your app will not run it ( though there are ways to make such apps run with some features missing ) . but also , android device manufacturers often add a layer on top of android ( for example , samsung adds a layer called touchwiz and htc adds sense ) . if your app uses any of these added features , it will not run on devices that do not have it . lastly , i do not know where you are , but in india , where i live , there are a ton of cheap unlicensed android tablets . if you buy one of these , all bets are off , since these manufacturers have not committed to rigourously testing their devices for full compatibility , which is one of the conditions required to be an android licensee . in general , stuff will probably work on these tablets ( provided the above criteria are met ) , but you can not count on it . since these tablets do not have access to the google play store , so you are going to have to sideload any apps you install on them . despite these exceptions , the majority of applications will run flawlessly on most android devices . the android development tools are pretty good at warning you about api incompatibilities and it is pretty difficult to accidentally use a device/manufacturer specific api .
you can change the appareance of your device using the go launcher ex applicationn that is available in the play store . if you are looking for the intergration of ( new/old ) features on your device your best bet might be installing a different rom . a rom is like a modified version of android . it requires your device to be rooted though . there are not many rom databases on the net but the unlocker provides you the tool to select a rom based on your device manufacturer .
to change the home screens , you need to install a new launcher application - search the play store for Launcher and see what is available .
seesmic well designed , good for facebook , twitter and buzz .
seesmic and tweetdeck are good for spamming updates . if you use foursquare or picplz these both post the " intelligent " version of the checkin or picture to facebook while doing the normal text + link with twitter .
you can also get an app on facebook that will grab your twitter feed . that is what i do and it does a pretty good job .
if you have a bootloop ( samsung logo looping ) , it is because you messed up the rooting procedure . i had this problem when i tried to root a relative 's ace . since you have tried factory reset and it does not work , enter recovery mode and do factory reset . ( recovery mode : press and hold volume down + power button for 15 seconds , navigate up/down by volume button and power button to select ) . reboot and see if it fixes the issue . if it does not , there are two options : flash cwm from recovery ( here 's the cwm zip file to flash from stock recovery ) , then reboot to cwm and install a custom rom . this is what i did , as i wanted to load cm7 anyway . if you want stock , download odin , get stock firmware from sammobile . com or xda forums ( look for developmet section under your device specific forum ) and flash it .
as you write you know unix scripting , you might want to take a look at apps like sh script runner , script manager , script kitty , and similar . they all allow you to run shell scripts on your android device . also , you could utilize tasker : create a task to run a script , and then create a shortcut to that task on your homescreen . so you have easy access to your scripts directly from there .
alright , well you said you are running windows , which supports microsoft 's " batch " scripting . this is not available on your android device because the android operating system runs in a linux environment . so you will need to learn " shell " scripting . first , you need to check to see if you can run shell scripts from your phone . use the adb ( android debug shell ) to open the console to your phone . the program , " sh " should be available to you . simple test ( list files ) : sh -c "ls"  have you ever used the android terminal application before ? take a look : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jackpal.androidterm have you ever written shell scripts before ? take a look : http://tldp.org/ldp/abs/html/ once you have written your scripts , you need to run them using " sh " . some applications can run scripts for you or you can do it manually using adb . take a look : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=os.tools.scriptmanager i hope this is helpful , let me know if you need anymore help .
one thing i have not seen mentioned yet is sl4a , the scripting layer for android . this allows you run various types of scripts on your phone , python scripts being one of them . since sl4a is not directly in the play store , you may want something like qpython instead ( which incorporates sl4a ) . tasker , also mentioned by izzy , has the ability to launch sl4a scripts .
you can install qpython to code python apps and make what you want : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hipipal.qpyplus or you can try to tweak with tasker : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm
that is easily possible using tasker ( i do the same for selected reading apps to increase the timeout to 2min , while also having the 30s default for all other apps ) : condition : app ( select the apps you want to keep the screen active for ) task : display timeout ( configure the timeout interval using the sliders ) alternatively , in " task " you could also let tasker switching the keyguard off to disable the lock screen . at least concerning the display timeout adjustment , this might be possible with other automation apps as well , such as llama -- i am not sure , as i use tasker i do not use the others . though tasker might look a bit pricy ( ~5 eur ) and complicated , after you figured out how to use it you will find it worth every cent . until then , there is a free trial available on their homepage .
the fix is available here via gist on github . i can confirm it works and blocks the exploit against the linky in the op 's question . have ran it on gingerbread 2.3.7 and successfully blocked/defeated the exploit . in case of link rot :
i just tested my own phone by loading dylan reeve 's web page and to my surprise the lookout app i have installed stopped it . i guess lookout also functions as a dialer . according to this page there is a version that supports 1.5 ( although i am not sure if that version does include protection from ussd attacks ) . i have not tried it myself but , according to this post you can download apk files from the play store to your computer . if you succeed just copy the apk to your phone manually and install .
in fact , i never had an android device where this was that easy to achive ! our friends at xda-developers offer a guide and the necessary tools in this thread . having a " microsoft free zone " and " only " running linux machines ( yeah , even the android ones run a linux kernel ) , i was able to follow up those steps with a little adaption here and there -- and so i will sum up the results for windows and linux users as well : preparation first you need to download the required tools , all of them available at the linked xda-developers thread : o4xr . zip is the rooting toolkit is11lg_systembackuptest . signed . apk to prepare your device windows users only : lgunitedmobiledriver_ver_3.7.2_lg-p880_lgo4xhd . zip -- the windows drivers for the device having everything downloaded , some additional steps are necessary at your computer : windows users only : unzip and install the drivers linux users : make sure adb is able to detect the device ( check with adb devices ) . if it is not , see at the end of this answer for some hints . everybody : copy IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk to your optimus ( e . g . after connecting it via usb in mtp mode , copy the file to the internal sdcard ) everybody : create a new directory , unzip o4xr.zip there , and change into this directory . the rooting process on your optimus , go to settings&rarr ; security and make sure " unknown sources " is ticked ( i.e. . contains a checkmark ) go to settings&rarr ; developer options and enable " usb debugging " now install IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk ( e . g . use a file explorer to find and " launch " it ) open the " systembackuptest " app you just installed . nothing spectacular will happen , so do not be disappointed here . hold the power button and choose " power off and restart " . when you can see the lock screen , you may notice that the phone is running very slowly , this is normal . once the device is fully started up again , connect it to your computer with an usb cable . make sure the phone is in " charging only " mode . on your pc , open a terminal ( linux ) resp . command ( cmd.exe, Windows window and change into the directory you've extractedo4xr . zip` into . ( on windows , you may need admin privileges : right click , run as administrator . on linux it did fine for me without superuser/root permissions ) now run the rooting script : windows users : type root followed by the enter key linux users : type ./root-linux.sh , also followed by the enter key any mac users ? type ./root-mac.sh , also followed by the enter key . do not worry , it will not root your mac/linux machine ( windows users : it is unlikely to root your box , either : ) do not disconnect your phone while the script runs ! wait while it does its job . during that process , the phone will reboot automatically a couple of times . the script will inform you about this in your command/terminal window . once the command/shell prompt returns , the misdeed is accomplished : ) now uninstall SystemBackupTest from your optimus . do not launch it again at this state , or you might have to start over from step 5 : ) on your phone , open up google play store and search for " supersu " . update the app when prompted , then open it . press ok to update the su binary . you now have root and can safely restore the " unknown sources " and " usb debugging " settings back to how you had them ! congratulations ! next steps are to install titanium backup , lbe privacy guard , and all the other things you might need and which require root ! hint for linux users to get adb recognize your android device these steps should work with all android phones . the example data of course should exactly fit the lg optimus p880 this question deals with . open a terminal window , and make yourself root ( sudo su - ) enter the following command : lsusb . note the output in your mind . connect your device with usb debugging enabled using an usb cable . again issue the lsusb command . now it should output an additional line which has to be the just connected android device . for the lg optimus p880 , this should read like : Bus 002 Device 103: ID 1004:61a6 LG Electronics, Inc. 1004 is the vendor id for lg , 61a6 the device id of the p880 in usb debugging mode . use your favorite editor ( still in root mode ! ) and open /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules ( if no such file exists , simply create it ) . add the below lines ( first line is optional ) , and then save the file . restart the udev daemon : service udev restart now you just need to disconnect your device . when reconnecting it for the next time , adb will see it -- as you can confirm with the adb devices command . so here are the lines for your /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules file : #LG Optimus X4 P880 SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="1004", ATTRS{idProduct}=="61a6", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n" 
unfortunately , unless someone ( almost certainly the sensor manufacturer in conjunction with the camera manufacturer ) has provided methods to get raw data from the sensor level all the way up through the android stack , it is going to be somewhere between very difficult and impossible . even if you did get raw data , most processing suites probably are not going to know enough about the sensor data to do a good job of processing it into a decent image .
if you want a tablet that gets the newest updates on time , get the new nexus 8 that will be coming out soon . there is not really any reason to get another type of android tablet ( although some of samsung 's new stuff is compelling ) since nexus products generally have excellent specs and cost half the price . however , even if you want to go with another manufacturer , there is a pretty vibrant community of people on the internet who prepare updates for various android devices that you can flash onto your device yourself . i bought a $150 chinese tablet last year and was able to get the newest version of android on it even though the manufacturer never would have rolled out an official update . happy traveling in android tablet land !
your tablet will come advertised with the version of android it carries in the box . when they make it they do not know what versions will be released , obviously . the packaging and advertising will say ross tablet comes with kitkat 4.4 . that does not mean i will not update my hardware with a newer version of android , but it means there is no guarantee i ever will . there is nothing that says explicitely it can not be updated , unless the hardware is insufficient to run a particular build . jellybean was heavy on resources but kitkat is much lighter . it would depend on this also . either they did not update their advertising and/or they did not update the device . there is no hard fast rule . updates to android itself are creted by google , then released to the oem . the actual updates to the device are dealth with by the oem ( manufacturer ) and released by them if they decide they want to . this is after they skin it ( touchwiz , sense , motoblur etc ) , test it and make whatever changes they decide . this is why i have a htc on 4.1 and another on 4.4 here . each manufacturer has it is own unique hardware , as does each device model . there is no concept of a ' generic ' android rom across devices . the hardware and software for it ( e . g . the oem 's camera ) is closed source and rom developers have to use their own kernels and work arounds to get these installed on the various devices . you would need to check on a device by device basis . google should tell you the answer , but xda developers is also a great resource .
as far as i know , the 3.2 update on the a500 has not been rooted ( some discussion here ) . there is one xda thread where someone has described a method of downgrading so you can root , but nothing that lets you root 3.2 in and of itself . if you want to have root access then i would suggest rooting the shipped version , then manually upgrading to a pre-rooted version of the latest ota update .
rather than a notifier and managing all of this yourself , had you thought about using a dynamic dns client ? this would allow you to always use the same name to contact your phone over the internet ( or even a local lan ) and the 3rd party would manage the problems with changing ip addresses for you . there are a number of dynamic dns clients on the market , i have not tried any , but it is a pretty common solution for machines that change ip , so i can not see why there would be a problem .
this is pretty much what happens if you connect your phone to a corporate ms exchange server . i think it is possible with other exchange active sync compatible servers that support the exchange mobile device security policies . if any of the foss exchange/messaging clones currently implement the security policies , then this would all be possible on any android 2 . x phone without needing anything other than built-in software on the client .
i do not know of an app that meets your exact requirements . but a simpler version that is ( in my opinion ) equally secure is an android app that listens for a specific sms message , and wipes the phone . remote wipe does this . of course , it does not entirely kill the phone 's software ( that would be very device-specific and require a modified bootloader in most cases ) ; and it might be useful to use one of the apps that reports the phone 's physical location too , if you want to recover it .
try cerberus app for android . this app works on both rooted and non rooted devices ( giving some additional options to rooted devices ) you create account , and login , which allows you to fully control your phone , even so that no one notices that you are doing anything ( even if he who stole your phone is using it at the moment ) . some of the main features are taking gps position every few secs , and posting it to this server as soon as it gains any kind of internet connection . you can even send sms to your phone with special codes and messages will not appear on your phone , but it will answer you with sms with gps coordinates and other information without the user holding your phone knowing it . you can take front camera or back camera photos . you can record voice , etc . it has many more features . if you are interested , you should totally check this app out .
unfortunately you can not do this . you would need to entirely remove your account ( the primary phone account ) from the phone and add hers as the primary account , which would perform a factory reset on the phone . hopefully future versions of the android os will support multiple users , especially the tablet versions , but currently it does not .
i doubt there is an answer to this beyond " because that is how google designed its apps " . android itself does not require a google account to use , only google 's proprietary applications do . cyanogenmod and other pure source builds of android are actually forbidden from distributing the google apps within the firmware package itself because of their proprietary nature , and if you install such a rom without the associated google apps add-on you will not even have the ability to add a google account in your settings . if you do not want to be tied to google then do not use the apps they produce , but also do not be surprised that they want you to sign in when using services that they provide . it is really not that different from any other app or website that requires sign in to use the services it provides , in my opinion , but if you do not like it use different apps . re : the question about why maps specifically requires a sign-in on android but not ios : the comments about the ios one being developed by apple could certainly be correct , and i do agree with those statements . in addition , apple may not want you to sign in google 's servers with their maps app . it would create a tie ( however loose it may be ) between you and google 's services , which i am sure apple is trying to discourage as much as possible to prevent customers from jumping ship to android . another angle you have to keep in mind is that google is pushing pretty hard to tie together all of its online services as much as it possibly can . based on their priorities and their business model , it makes sense that the android version would try to integrate as tightly as possible with their other services and with the web . it is in their best interest ( from a business perspective ) to try to make android apps and their web counterparts as seamless as possible in order to attract users to android who are already heavily invested in google 's products . of course , this is just conjecture on my part , i think only google could truly say why maps works the way it does .
you need a google account only if you want to use google services . if you do not want to use google services , you are free not to have a google account . however , it looks like you actually tried to use one of google services ( google maps ) and you were suprised that it requires a google account . by the way , you can use the rest of android without a google account since the operating system itself is free and open source .
i connect with my samsung gsii with cm9 to my eduroam network in the university of alicante . here you have the link with instructions in english i followed on how to configure the wifi network : http://si.ua.es/en/wifi/eduroam/peap/eduroam-installation-for-android.html however , the issue is simple , you have to go to wifi settings , and add a new network manually , ssid will have to be " eduroam " and you will see that if you choose "802.1x eap " security setting , more settings will appear where you can insert the info provided in the link of your question . of course you will have to choose as ca certificate the one you installed already . i hope this helps . cheers
check that the following setting is ticked : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> data enabled also verify that the access point name settings are correct and the correct access point is chosen . you should be able to find the details of what it should be on the vodafone website . the settings are at : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> access point names
as izzy pointed out in the comments , greenify might be what you are looking for . it includes an option ( i suspect that this is only available for paid version users ) to consolidate all app 's sync actions . if several apps have sync tasks , greenify will " collect " all those tasks and then wake the phone periodically and run all those tasks at once . this is exactly what you are looking for , no ?
to break the upper/lower limits of device settings , you had most likely need to tweak your rom , which requires the device to be rooted . i know there are some solutions for volume limits around ( "booster" ) , so i will not rule out they do exist here as well . to work around system settings at the " lower end " , as it is your intention , you might e.g. want to take a look at screen filter : applies a shade that acts as a dimmer to ensure your eyes do not hurt . far more powerful than android 's built-in brightness setting . great for low-light gaming , web browsing , and ebook reading . it even saves battery life for amoled displays ! so this app uses a trick by adding a semi-transparent layer on top of what is displayed , which makes the display appear " darker " . then there is also night mode , which has a similar goal ( and uses a similar method to reach it ) : night mode 's main goal is to reduce the brightness of your screen lower than you can achieve with the default settings . this application applies an overlay filter that acts as a dimmer to darken the screen and ensure your eyes do not hurt . pick your choice -- or check for another . where there are two , there might be more ( super dimmer , screen dimmer , screen filter , . . . ) . a playstore search will be your friend here ( note that that is also all what i did -- i did not use any of those solutions myself , so no guarantees : )
change the background colour to sepia which will appear less bright or even wear sunglasses !
you can change the brightness in the kindle app by touching the " aa " icon near the upper right . this will bring up the font , size and brightness settings , which you can then adjust to your liking .
go to viber app go to right bottom corner ; you should see 3 lines stacked on top of one another click on it click on settings click on calls and messages uncheck free reply with viber there you go , you will not receive double sms notification .
go to viber , in the bottom corner you should see 3 lines stacked on top of one another ( menu ) click on it , then click on settings , then on calls and messages , and you should find that option .
alternatively you can go to settings on your android phone , go to sound , then vibration intensity and you can turn notifications off , the only problem is you will lose it when you get text messages . but if you are using mainly whatsapp or viber it makes no odds .
finally got solution after 2 days of headache . problem is my usb data cable . i have got original samsung 's usb data cable with phone but unfortunately it is not working . though charging can done via this cable . i have tries few chinese cables also but problem remains there . but as soon as i use my friend 's original samsung cable it working like a charm . so any of you have this problem first thing to do is check from another usb cable . and importantly go for oem 's original cable .
this link should help . it contains a link to a thread detailing a special zip file created by one of the developers . it will help you possibly get s-on . the step by step instructions are in the thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=863899 by the way , s-off is not something service technicians actively look for . many people have sent in phones for servicing with s-off and technicians still fix it . with my nexus one , once you get s-off , it shows an unlock symbol that does not go away and is shown every time with the splash image during boot . however , many of my friends with this phone have gotten it fixed without problems . edit : if the s-off doesnt work , you should private message or pm the developer who created the zip file on xda . he will be better able to help you as he has repeatedly got s-on and s-off . i dont have the same device . unfortunately , the bootloaders are device specific and vary on the manufacturer . my experience with s-off will be different from yours .
as it turns out , my problem was that i have unrooted my phone before attempting to reset to s=off . the kernel did not allow this , because the phone was , obviously , not rooted . after rerooting my phone and attempting the method above again ( i had to enter the commands in the unroot script manually . it didnt work when just running the script ) , i was able to get s=on and revert to the stock rom .
you could cheat and change the package name for the uploaded app to the market . that way you will not have to instruct your beta users ' to do anything differently . in the future whilst in beta :  &lt;manifest xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android" package="com.your.app.beta"  then once you want to release just do a little refactor :  &lt;manifest xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android" package="com.your.app" 
the app zt-180 adhoc switcher works with a rooted p1010 tab according to this thread on xda-developers , and as far as i know , ipad can create ad-hoc connections . have not tested this so use at your own risk .
poking around on google there are a lot of other folks with this problem ( mac address is re-generated on wifi/phone resets ) . it seems to mostly be motorola hardware . normally a mac address is burned into the wifi device . so it seems very , very odd to generate mac addresses on the fly like this . too much software ( technically incorrectly ) relies on mac addresses as a stable identifier for an endpoint , so this seems likely to cause more problems than it fixes . . . here 's a post about the problem from 2010: https://supportforums.motorola.com/thread/38758 the only useful recommendation i saw on the internet was the obtuse ' wifi fixer ' app , that is known to work around some problems on early android wifi handsets . i saw no concrete evidence that it ' fixes ' this problem . alternatively , you could look into the tools for mac spoofing ( afaict , these all require a rooted phone ) . then just " spoof " a stable address all the time . here 's a highly manual method : http://blog.thecodecracker.com/hacks/spoof-mac-address-in-android/
do the mac addresses repeat , or are they new randomly generated ones every time ? it sounds like whatever rom you are using has mac spoofing enabled by default .
android 's debugging bridge adb supports backup/restore : adb backup -f wifisettings . bak presents you a message on screen which you need to confirm ( and maybe enter a passphrase ) to create the backup . adb restore wifisettings . bak restores it . just set up your phone to a very simple initial state ( nothing else besides the wifi settings , or so ) . then backup . adb also supports partial backups ( adb -f backup . bak com . app . name ) , but the wifi settings are not part of a particular app , at least i have not figured out which package to backup to catch the wifi settings . another way : is your phone rooted ? then " adb push stored_wpa_supplicant . conf /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant . conf " will restore your password file .
this is a suggestion , it may not meet all your critera and not all routers support it . set a second ssid on the router which is not broadcast have a simple password on this ssid with a minimal number of characters implement mac lockdown on this ssid enter the mac of your phone as the only approved connection your router will only accept connections from specific mac addresses on the new ssid , even if others guess your password .
the motorola razr has a sleep option which works like that so it is possible to do though it probably has to be done at rom level .
there really is nothing a " suspend " mode would give you over simply shutting the phone off , other than maybe a slightly faster resume vs . boot-up time . with that said , most android devices are engineered with battery life in mind . however a phone still must function as a phone , so cellular and data radios must be enabled , touch screens must respond to input , etc . all these things are a drain on the battery . there are many apps on the market that can help with mitigating this drain , especially when the battery is low on power . with an app like juice defender , for example , you can set up profiles that automate disabling data connectivity and only enabling it once in a while for short periods to check for e-mail , etc . there are lower level tweaks as well . custom kernels combined with 3rd-party roms allow you to underclock ( opposite of overclocking ) and undervolt the cpu when the phone is not actively in use , take advantage of different cpu governors that are more battery-friendly , etc . however these require a phone to be rooted , with an unlocked bootloader in order to install these custom kernels and roms .
you can just reinstall your firmware using this tool . it is the official update tool for lg phones . after that you can just root your phone again . just remember , it is almost impossible to completely ruin your phone ; ) edit : you might want to make a backup , because during the update you lose everything on your internal sd ( everything on your external sd is safe )
missed call will do repeat vibration patterns/notifications for sms ( per contact ) , missed/incoming phone calls ( per contact ) , battery , calendar events , device storage , etc . unfortunately this does not do voicemails , but if a missed call is good enough for you , then give it a shot . you can also set it up to do different patterns/notifications per contact for missed calls ( so alert you differently for a vip than everyone else ) .
right now skype for android is limited to vzw , but you are not missing much . you can not use it to make skype out calls over a data connection , only skype to skype calls . you can make skype out calls but vzw redirects the call over their voice network so it uses your minutes . also , you can not use it over wifi , only on 3g . i believe vzw is behind all these restrictios , and i believe that the carrier restrictions are not from skype either . most carriers will block the app unless its gutted like the skype app for vzw . if you want a full featured skype app , do not hold your breath . i suspect the carriers will continue to work dilligently to f#@k up the experience . if you are looking to make data calls , look into finding a good sip service and use sipdroid . you could also try frings new fring out service but i am not very optomistic about that one . update : it is now possible to make skype out calls over 3g with some hacks
as of skype 2.1 for android ( august 4 , 2011 ) , according to the skype blog . the following android devices are supported : acer a5 htc desire ( 2.2 ) htc desire hd htc evo 3d htc evo 4g htc flyer htc incredible s htc sensation htc thunderbolt - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) lg revolution - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) samsung droid charge - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) samsung galaxy s samsung galaxy s ii samsung galaxy tab sony ericsson xperia mini pro sony ericsson xperia play sony ericsson xperia ray
skype is avaiable now for everyone on the market , in case you are still looking !
not until skype opens up their app on other carriers . which rumors keep coming out that it will happen soon , but has not yet . xda has some threads on attempting to get skype working on non vzw phones , but no dice .
if you want to make skype calls over wifi you can use fring or nimbuzz , both should be available in the market . i think you can also do calls over 3g but ymmv and it will eat into your data plan like a fat kit in a chocolate warehouse . if you are on verizon wireless in the us or on three in the uk ( possibly elsewhere ) you can download an official skype app that only uses data for presence ( who is logged in etc ) , when you want to make a skype call it calls a toll free number which is then redirected to skype so it is not using your data allowance and not killing the network for others . i do not know about the us but in the uk this only works over 3g and will often fail to work if you have wireless enabled and are within range of a wifi network . using this app on three ( uk ) you can make skype out calls and even configure your phone to automatically use skype for international phone calls instead of just dialling the number normally .
there was an official skype lite app available on international android markets for quite a while ( it was definitely on the uk market at one time as i had it on my old phone ) , but they have pulled that totally now , and as far as i know it is literally only available to one carrier in one country , which seems like a bizarre decision .
i believe that the official 1.2 update will only install on top of an official firmware ( 1.0 , 1.0.1 , 1.1.0 , ) and only with the stock recovery , not clockworkmod . you will need to revert your nook color to one of these " stock " firmware versions before trying to upgrade to 1.2 . alternatively , there are a few clockwork recovery- friendly versions of the 1.2 upgrade that will not require going back to stock first .
some android devices with usb-on-the-go ( or usb host mode ) support can use a usb ethernet adapter , when connected through a usb-on-the-go connector . if your device supports this , you can buy a usb ethernet adapter and connect it to your network that way . if your device does not support that , you can use reverse-tethering to connect your device through usb to your pc 's network connection ( the pc acts like a router ) . see the existing questions with this tag to learn more about that .
for setting file permissions , you can use the chmod command . the permissions shown are basically split in 3 parts , each consisting of 3 chars : a triple for the owner , the group , and for " others " . usually , each triple holds definitions for reading , writing , and executing a file ; so rwx means " can read , write , and execute " , while r-- would say " can only read " . the resulting 9 chars are usually preceded by another one , giving information of the type of the " file": ( d ) irectory and ( l ) ink are the most common examples . again , if no " special condition " matches , a leading - indicates a " normal file " . based on that , let 's take your input : -rwsr-sr-x obviously describes a " normal file " ( starting with - ) , readable ( r ) by owner , group , and others , writable by owner only , and executable by " others " ­– while owner and group have a s instead the x for execute . this stands for " suid " , elevate the caller to the level of the file owner/group . taking advantage of the fact permissions can be set " bit-wise " ( x=1 , w=2 , r=4 , suid user=4 , group=2 ) , after my long " rant " finally the command which should do the trick : chmod 6774 su  should set the permissions your question shows . if i " mis-calculated " , you have got all information to re-calculate for yourself now : ) additional hints from the comments : instead of calculating the " bitmask " , one can also use symbolic names – as dan hulme pointed out , and as explained e.g. on the chmod manpage : defining whom to grant to : ( u ) ser / ( g ) roup / ( o ) thers / ( a ) ll defining what to grant : ( r ) ead / ( w ) rite / e ( x ) ecute / ( s ) uid defining whether to ( + ) grant or ( - ) revoke so the following two commands should be similar , provided there have not been other things granted before : chmod 6774 su chmod u+rws g+rs o+rx su  the difference becomes clear in case e.g. before " others " had also write permission : while the first command ( using a bitmask ) sets the permission explicitly to match the " grants " defined ( and thus would remove that write permission ) , the symbolic one " makes a diff " ( in the example , it just adds the permissions specified to whatever was there before , so that write permission would not be removed ) .
i can not think of any reason why this would not be a good idea .
i am not going to answer if its a good idea or not - you need to solve that for yourself : ) . having your contacts stored with google contacts will eliminate any duplicates ( at least duplicates where you have the number stored in the sim and e-mail in google , or something like that ) and allow you to manage/sync those contacts from anywhere you can access google contacts , like a computer . your are correct that it will ' backup ' your contacts so that if you were to switch phones or even carriers , you would not have to worry about bringing your contacts as long as the phone you have supports google contacts ( web or app ) . keeping your contacts on the sim allows you to keep them from google ( if you are worried about privacy ) and if you get another sim-based phone you can easily move them ( provided you keep the same sim ) . personally having my contacts in google contacts has been great . easy synchronization , use photos from picasa as contact photos , management from a computer . . . but you will have to decide for yourself which is " better " you may want to see this answer to help you move your contacts from the sim to google contacts .
widgetlocker is a great lock-screen replacement that will allow you to put any widget installed on your phone on the lock-screen . you can also configure it to allow your notification bar to be usable . the actual calendar popup i am not sure about , but i know you had be able to see it when it shows up in your notification bar , and from there you can open it up and snooze/dismiss it .
you can make an automatic nandroid backup using rom manager ( free / paid ) . open the app - go to settings and select automatic backup . you can select the time and frequency of the backups in the following screens .
the voice recognition is performed on device ; information of the voice is persisted in google 's cloud
while i do not have any official source , from testing it is clear that it is cloud based . watch paired , handheld with internet connection -> works . watch paired , handheld without internet connection ( e . g . airplane mode ) -> does not work . watch not paired ( e . g . handheld turned off ) -> does not work .
the apps are not the problem . sometimes there are huge log files or other files which take all the memory . the solution : install sd-maid app and use the system-clear function . you may have to root your phone first . this is the only thing worked for me .
i use diskusage for situations like this . it graphs the directory structure for you in a very pedagogical way to show you what directories ( and subdirectories ) that are taking up the most space . it literally solves situations like this in 15 seconds for me , because i will see a big square with the text " movies " or something on it , realizing i completely forgot i put an entire season of wonders of the universe on my device or something — or i will se a folder with a name of an app that has long since been deleted with a bunch of useless cache : ) try it out , i am not sure how well it works on non-rooted devices but i think it should work on those as well , i do not think it does anything else than list directories and add their content size up .
i have written a tutorial on how to get mtp devices recognized under ubuntu . if you have already installed mtptools and added the udev rule , you still need to create a static mount point for your device and let mtp know that is where it lives . make sure you have restarted either your computer or the udev service since you added the udev rule ( sudo service udev restart ) , and then sudo mkdir /media/mtpdevice ( call the directory whatever you like ) sudo chmod 775 /media/mtpdevice sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/mtpdevice attach your phone ( make sure it is unlocked , if you have a pin or swipe pattern ) . you should then be able to see both the internal and external cards . note that you will not be able to open files directly from the cards , you will need to copy them locally first .
as suggested by @logos this works ( take care of using sudo ) : sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/MTPdevice  however mtpfs is very unstable on this phone so i tried go-mtpfs and i found out it works better . you can install go-mtpfs using the info provided in their site the command to mount the phone is very similar ( change the bin path according to yours ) : sudo /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs /media/MTPdevice/  automount once you are able to mount the device with the above command you can make the phone automount : you only have to add a couple of rules to udev . you will need those info : id_model ( mine is tcl_s950 ) id_model_id ( mine is 0167 ) installation path of go-mtpfs ( mine is /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs ) you can find those info running this command in a terminaludevadm monitor --environment --udev and plug/unplug your phone . now you can create/edit an udev rules /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules and add these lines ( change id_model and id_model_id with yours ) : at this point everything should work , check this thread for more details : source
actually , the easiest way is to modify /usr/lib/udev/rules . d/69-libmtp . rules adding your product id as it is likely that it already contains your vendor id , so create a new line for your device with your vid and pid , restart udev and it works !
assuming you are using a ubuntu 12.04 or 12.10 based distro ( v13 and up supports this natively ) and that gvfs-mtp is already installed : add the backport repository for mtp support in gvfs : sudo add-apt-repository ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp sudo apt-get update  upgrade the system , you should see many gvfs packages in the list : sudo apt-get upgrade  reboot . source : http://blog.sukria.net/2013/03/09/support-for-nexus-4-in-ubuntu-12-10/
this may sound obvious , but have you enabled usb debugging on your phone ?
i am pretty sure there is only one model of the nexus 4 . it should work with no problems . on the off chance that there are problems , there were also different radio images released for different areas . almost all of them ( if not all ) can be found over here , on xda developers . the version for india is 0.54 . if needed , these images can be flashed using fastboot or possibly using a custom-recovery . as long as your carrier in india uses a frequency that the nexus 4 supports , the hardware itself is not locked to any geographical location . from gsmarena : 2g networks : gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g networks : hsdpa 850 / 900 / 1700 / 1900 / 2100 hsdpa 900 / 2100
try pushbullet , it can show you the messages but does not have reply features .
according to this wikipedia entry , this is enhanced version of hspa+ . now , reading from the telephony source in jellybean , depending if its gsm , between the two lines numbered 72 and 107 , there is nothing in there that indicates , the automatic detection of the usage of dc-hspa and is probably being treated as hspa+ for now in the interim , so its very highly likely that it will show up as a ' h ' or '3g ' . and then again , that is dependent on the compile-time specifications used when the rom was built , to elect to show '3g ' , ' h+' or even ' h ' on the status bar .
you probably can not copy and paste the files , because the blank sd card does not have the same partition structure and filesystem flags . what you can do , though , is clone the original sd card onto the blank one . note : the new sd card must be the same size ( or larger ) for this to work . these instructions will make an exact copy , including partition structures , partition flags , and even disk fragmentation . it is an exact bit-for-bit copy . warning : this could mess up your computer . if you put in the wrong parameter for the of= part of the dd command , you could completely overwrite your main hard drive . make sure you triple-check the destination mountpoint . especially if you think the mountpoint is /dev/sda option 1: mount both cards at the same time if you can mount both sd cards at the same time , you can save a step and some time . insert the original sd card on your computer and find out the mountpoint of the original sd card . open up the Disks application click on your sd card in the list on the left . at the top right , just below the name of the sd card , it will list the mountpoint . it will look something like /dev/sdc or /dev/mmcblk0 or similar . insert the blank/target sd card on your computer and find its mountpoint ( using the same steps ) open a terminal ( aka command line ) run the following command , but replace original_mount with the mountpoint you found , and also replace the target_mount with the mountpoint of the blank card . <code> sudo dd if= original_mount bs=128m of= target_mount </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) . option 2: mount one card at a time if you only have one sd card reader , you will have to make an image of the original sd card , then swap the cards and write that image to the new sd card . insert the original sd card on your computer and find out the mountpoint of the original sd card . open up the Disks application click on your sd card in the list on the left . at the top right , just below the name of the sd card , it will list the mountpoint . it will look something like /dev/sda or /dev/mmcblk0 or similar . open a terminal ( aka command line ) run the following command , but replace original_mount with the mountpoint you found . <code> sudo dd if= original_mount bs=128m of=/tmp/sdcard . img </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) . remove the original sd card and insert the blank card . the mountpoint should be the same , but open the Disks app again just to make sure . run the following command , but replace target_mount with the mountpoint you found . <code> sudo dd if=/tmp/sdcard . img bs=128m of= target_mount </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) .
i can not say why you might have trouble duplicating an sd card , but there are a few things i can say , based on both reading and actual experience , that might be helpful : if you are talking about the original nook color , at least ( i am not sure whether or not there are later models still called " nook color " that work differently ) , rooting has nothing to do with it , since the device will boot from the sd card , presuming it is bootable , and not from the os on the internal storage . ( it is actually the os , not the device , that is " rooted " . ) an sd card that will boot and run on one nook color should , barring hardware problems , boot and run on any other , and a good copy of an sd card that works should also work and provide the same functionality as the origina . also , i can see no reason why an os , such as cm , that worked before to run a particular application will not be able , deprecated or not , to run the identical application with identical support files now .
in xperia u you will get in to safe mode when you keep taping on menu button while the phone is booting . safe mode prevents any third-party apps from running . so if you have installed an app that might cause some serious problems with your device , boot it in safe mode to uninstall it . you can boot into normal mode by a simple restart .
android default browser uses webkit check out second paragraph : wikipedia webkit description
if you know where the photo was taken then a desktop app that lets you edit the picture 's exif info , like microsoft 's pro photo tools , will let you add a geotag later . in pro photo tools it is as easy as using the built-in bing map viewer to put a pin on the map , no need to mess around with latitudes and longitudes if you do not want to . as for editing on the phone , i can se a lot of apps that let you view or erase the exif info , including plotting your pictures on maps , but can not see one that lets you add this info on the phone . you could use something like geologger to log your position on the phone , so that you can use that later on to add to photos if they have not been properly geotagged .
actually i found such an app , after a fair bit of searching . photo geolocator ( google code ) currently you can not look up locations via an address , so it only really works for nearby locations , but that is still better than having to edit images on a pc , imo .
are you sure your tags are correct , it sounds like they are not ? try looking at the files with something like mp3tag or mediamonkey they should show exactly which tags are in there and let you clear out any corrupted tags .
every app has an associated e-mail address , most also have a website ( on which you may find a contact form , facebook/twitter account or other means of communication ) . use these to get in touch . feel free to leave your request in the comments , it may be useful information for other users , but you do not have to give an unnecessarily harsh 1-star rating at the same time . unless it is an app that attracts hundreds or thousands of comments , i suspect that the developer will read every comment that is posted anyway , regardless of the rating . if you give the app an artificially low rating you are hurting the developer . a lower average rating means fewer downloads . also , it is counter-productive . like anybody else , developers do not like being threatened/blackmailed . send a polite e-mail and you are more likely to get the response you want . appeal to their ego . tell them how awesome their app is , how you can not live without it and how your life would be complete if only they would add the feature you want . in the specific case of sd card installation , this is such an incredibly simple thing to implement that , if you let the developer know that somebody wants it , they will almost certainly add it in the next release .
i have seen quite a few apps where the developer specifically says to leave feedback on their website , not on the market comments . remember that if you open up the details for an installed app from your downloads list in the market app most of them have a " visit the developer 's website " link . apparently they can not see any more of the comments than we can and do not get a way to search through them or see historical comments , so your comment is very easily lost in the list quite probably before they ever get a chance to see it , whereas if you click the link to go to their website most of them have somewhere that you can leave constructive feedback and requests ( normally either blog post comments or a forum ) .
if you want to provide feedback and/or do have a feature request that you want to have answered it would be best to write an email provided in the android market . it is located below the description and images of the app . also you could check out the website if the developer does have a bugtracker and/or forum ( which is often the case ) .
i considered giving them a low rating in the market and writing in the comment that i would give them 5 stars if they included the " move to sd card " option . please , please , please do not do this . us developers hate it when we are " threatened " with ratings . "5 stars if you do x " , usually when x is the most random and obscure feature request , often not related to the app . the rating of an application should be based off it is current quality . if it is missing a feature that you think would be good for it or if you encounter a bug , then email the developer . the problem with rating down an application ( that does not completely deserve it ) is that the user typically does not change their rating , even if their " threatened " feature request was added . additionally , developers cannot respond directly to comments to make the user aware that they added the feature or fixed that bug . if you email the developer , then they will be able to contact you back ! in the case of " move to sd card " option , it might not be recommended to do such a thing . for instance , if an application has widgets , it is not recommended to move to sd card . see more examples and info here .
do not give them a lower rating ! i , for one , really look at the rating to see if a program is worth investigating . a fine program , just without the option to move to sd , is not , all of a sudden , a bad program . look at their web sites , or at an email address visible in the market of in the program . if none is found , clearly specify it in the comments , but do not give it a worse reading . at least , that't my opinion , here : )
this is a good question , and one that i changed my mind on after reading each of the responses . after some thought i would say consider your audience . the audience for the comments is the android community . most devs probably look in there but some might not . you should rate and comment on the app honestly , and with the intention of providing a useful resource to other android users . if you want to point out that it lacks some functionality , then go ahead , but first off be sure you are correct , and that it is functionality that is possible . as far as "5 stars if you do x " comments , it is not a very clear and efficient way to critique the app . to communicate with the developer , you should email or post in their support forum if they have one . it gives them the opportunity to respond , ask follow up questions , correct any misunderstandings and possibly educate you on how to better utilize their app and the platform .
you should be able to do this natively . android 3.0 ( and below ) : in your launcher , press and hold on a blank area and click " shortcuts " . select " drive shortcut " , then your document , and it will create a link for you . android 4.0 ( and above ) open your app drawer and jump to the widgets section . swipe until you get to " drive shortcut " . long-press and drop on your desktop . choose the account to use ( if necessary ) then select the document .
1 ) go to settings -> storage clear the cache ( select the item and hit ok to clear it ) , then : 2 ) go to settings -> date and time check the first 2 options -- if they are selected already , uncheck and re-select them ; see if the time fixes itself . if it works , reboot the device and see if the time sticks . if not : 3 ) power off the device , pull out the sim and re-insert it , then power on the device . repeat step 2 . if that does not work : 4 ) try a different sim ( preferably on a different carrier ) . 5 ) lastly , try to manually set the date to within a few minutes of the actual time , then see if it survives a reboot . if all of that fails , i would suggest booting into recovery ( while device is off , hold power + volume down until you the the ' laying down android ' screen ) and doing a factory reset ( back up your data first ) .
the other answers ( except for matthew read 's original answer ) are completely incorrect . you can choose whether your installed apps are stored on the 1gb system memory or on the 15gb data memory . i have a nexus s and can confirm this is the case . you do not need a rooted phone or apps2sd to do this ; it is built-in to the standard build .
i believe the 1 gb is for the /system folder , which is not normally mounted via usb . the rest of the space is usable for your apps ! i have a galaxy s and this is how it works , plus there is an external sd card .
nexus s is only using 1gb of its 16gb memory for internal storage which only left 971mb for applications . this is very limited . i read this from test av google nexus s - a deep review in swedish .
the amount of scroll you get on a fling is based on the friction assigned to that flick action . in the stock browser the friction assigned to the vertical fling is really low . so your fling is not a command to get to the top / bottom of the page , there just is not enough friction to stop you from getting there . you can test this by finding an insanely long page and giving it a good fling . you will go pretty far but you will not reach the bottom . the chrome mobile application applies a bit more friction to the vertical fling , so that same mighty flick you got so much travel from in the stock browser will not get you quite as far in chrome mobile . all that aside , it would probably be worthwhile to send a request via the help page that google use the same friction coefficient on both apps for consistency .
uc browser or maxthon browser have the quick scroll/page down function .
of course there are tons of it . many of them just supports what you are asking but i would recommend you llama or tasker . tasker is paid app but llama is free and uses your cell tower to determine your location to make location based tasks as well . for eg , not only it can do what you have asked but also only when you are at your home .
i must say , that is the weirdest thing relating to android hardware that i have heard . but anyway ! i would say that your next step would be to do a rom re-flash using odin . however , there are not any images available for the ace 3 . so , i am assuming wifi does not work at all ? being as soon as you turn it on , it turns your phone off ? because that sounds almost like your wifi modem has a some sort of " short " ( that is the best word i could think of - i am not necessarily saying an electrical short ) in it , and it is causing your phone to die . sounds like you may be due for a new phone , unfortunately .
in short , your phone has a locked bootloader . there is no way to unlock it ( currently ) . what does that mean to you ? basically it means you can flash " roms " , but you cannot flash a new kernel on the phone . the kernel is what controls what clockspeed slots are available on your phone to over/underclock to . for example , if someone made a gingerbread rom for the milestone , you could flash it . but you will always be stuck with the same kernel that originally came with your phone . as far as i know , you should be able to use rom manager to flash roms on your phone so long as it is rooted . it is just that none of these roms will be able to change your kernel .
hardware wise , they are almost identical ( at least to some of the us versions of the galaxy s ) but there are some differences some of the differences are : the galaxy s has 3 hardware buttons ( menu , home and back ) , the nexus s has 4 ( back , menu , search and home ) . these are the buttons below the screen . the nexus s has slightly curved glass the nexus s has an nfc chip the nexus s does not have a microsd slot . the nexus s has a flash for the rear 5mp camera the galaxy s supports bluetooth 3.0 , nexus s , bluetooth 2.1 in terms of software : the galaxy s uses the samsung rfs for a lot of the file system , the nexus s uses ext4 ext4 performs a lot better then rfs does the galaxy s runs the samsung touchwiz 2.2 ( froyo ) modified version of android , the nexus s runs " stock " android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) here is a screenshot of the i9000
( note : you may need to be rooted to do this , depending on where the app is writing these files - if you do , run su before running these commands ) install a terminal emulator on your phone . once it is finished installing , open it up and type cd /the/folder . if you have enough time to type in commands while the file exists simply type chmod -R 444 . , which will make the current directory and all subdirectories read-only . if you do not have enough time , type something like this : while true; do if ls | grep &lt;filename&gt;; then chmod -R 444 .; fi; done . leave it running in the terminal session and when the app creates &lt ; filename&gt ; it'll make the directory and its subdirectories read-only . ( all of the above can be run in adb shell if you prefer , but imo installing a terminal emulator is less of a hassle )
it means that an app with the same app id is already installed in your phone . for eg : if there is an app with id com . example . app and you try to install another apk with same id it will give that message .
there are sms apps in the market that allow you to customize notifications by sender . handcent sms is the one that i have used .
it sounds like you might be getting the " ding " noise discussed on this google groups post : thanks for the question . the alert chime you here indicates is a prompt for an upcoming driving maneuver . it plays in places where the text-to-speech engine is either unsupported or unavailable , but it also may play if the data connection becomes flaky during guidance and navigation is not able to process a road name in time .
you might want as well to set an incognito tab as homepage , so that everytime you will open your default android browser , an incognito tab will open . here ' how : open stock/android 's default browser . open a new incognito tab goto settings > general set home page > current page . now you have an incognito page as your default page ( and it will autonatically open , when you open your browser ) .
i do not know about the default browser being able to -- but searching the playstore for incognito browser yielded a bunch of promising results : inbrowser promises to be a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience for android 1.6 and upwards including honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . looks like it knows nothing else than " incognito browsing " ( i.e. . no other mode ) . rated 4.3 stars with 2000+ votes , it sounds very promising . incognito private browser seems to be comparable . again a 4.3 star rating , but not yet 100 votes ( too new , i guess ) frost lite - private browser is a third example i want to mention here : rated 4.4 stars at about 1,500 votes it seems to be more feature-rich than aforementioned browsers ( e . g . offers tabbed browsing ) . for more details , just follow the links . for more examples , use the first link to my playstore search results . i would like very much to offer you a solution for the pre-installed browser as well -- but unfortunately , i a ) do not know any , and b ) i think it unlikely . of course i love to learn better -- so anybody , please correct me if i am wrong with my assumption : )
tl ; dr - naked browser is the only browser for android you can trust as truly private with each new browsing session . setting the android browser home page to the current page on an incognito browser does not actually start incognito mode . it just opens the static page that launches with incognito mode . you can tell because when you switch to the address bar , there is no incognito man logo . same when you open the tabs view . as per private browsing , none of those browsers give the authentic incognito mode features . test by doing a google search then exit the browser . relaunch and navigate back to google . when you focus on the search bar , if your previous search appears in purple in a drop down list , then obviously not all information is being destroyed between browsing sessions . my method : although not advertised as a private browser , naked browser has advanced privacy features that essentially allow you to start in incognito mode . this is the only browser i tried ( i spent hours testing different " private " browsers ) that actually started each session from scratch when the delete history on exit option was selected . you can also use a custom url for searching from the address bar , so by default all inquiries in my set up go through https://encrypted.google.com . bonuses : you can disable javascript and cookies as well . if you buy the pro version you can whitelist individual sites to allow cookies/javascript ( it is like a simplified noscript extension ! ) . there are also other detailed settings like custom actions for long pressing links that can be combined with gestures . for example , in my settings , long pressed links open in new tabs in the background , but if i follow through with a side swipe gesture , i will switch to the tab . i can also double tap and swipe up/down to reach the bottom/top of the page ( useful ! ) . a two finger swipe down will open a new tab and swiping left/right at the bottom will switch through background tabs . anyway ! all the basic privacy options are there in the free version , but i am so blown away ( still , almost a year later ) that i am gushing about how great naked browser ( pro ) is . not the prettiest browser but far and away the best ( and fastest ? ) !
no , it is not . a windows rt bootloader would have to be leaked and customised for the tf201 , would like to see it as well though ; - )
windows rt is based on entirely different system altogether - right from the bootloader up to user interface . also , windows rt is proprietary so there is a fat chance that the code would be available to make it work . what about : booting mechanism kernel drivers for the chip-set support there is far too many to mention , and quite possibly would require a re-write for it to adapt to the asus tf02 ! : ) this is equivalent to asking if apple ios can be loaded on a android handset and vice versa , in plain simple word , the answer is no - nigh on impossible and there would be so much hackery to get it to work , let alone boot .
from the jorte help pages : select menu \u2192 Settings \u2192 Data Syncronization if " select synsapplication " is not checked , tap on " select synsapplication " and have it checked . when the " calendar " item is checked , synchronizing will start immediately .
i used to do this using tasker and a plugin . it is a cost option , but it will work . tasker allows you to create widgets to tasks , so it does not have to be event based . the plugin can be found here tasker ( if you are unfamiliar with it ) can be found here
this widget might help . it has an airplane mode switch and "2g/3g " ( i am not sure if that is switching from one to another or includes switching both off ) . there should be similar apps to do what you want if that one does not .
it is impossible to add any custom shortcuts to power button menu . looks like you have installed some custom rom . if that is the case , you could also try to find the rom which has this feature embedded . here 's the list of custom roms for you phone : xda-developers : all samsung galaxy mini custom roms ! the roms that are based on cyanogenmod ( cm ) have nice feature called notification power widget , it can be customized and mobile data switch could be added : if you do not want to change the rom , you still have some options : as mentioned in another comment to your question , you could use power widget , also android market contains lots of widgets specially for data switching . also you can simply automate the actions you want to do with earlier mentioned tasker or llama , which is free alternative to the tasker . with this apps you could set mobile data to be turned on or off depending on events like your location , or , screen on/off , etc .
i was seeing the same problem items get stacked in the outbox when you either are not connected to wifi or do not have cell coverage . once you have access to a wifi network the outbox will not empty out or sync either on its own or by going to settings and accounts and synching all . all i did was compose a new message and sent it -- and all of the messages in the outbox seem to follow . ; - ) sounds too simple to work , but try it .
the first thing i would suspect is that a database used by the email app is corrupted . to fix this , you need to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the email app , and clear the data for it . ( if you see anything like " email storage " be sure to clear the data for that as well ) . then re-add your account and see if that helps . if that does not work , i recommend asking your company 's it department if they have changed any settings for the exchange server recently .
weird , i had this problem , tried to send a message with no signal and when i got signal back , i kept getting " unable to send mail " . i moved the messages to another folder and re-sent them and they went . looks like a bug with the client .
android has to mount your sd card ; that is all that " preparing sd card " does . if that does not happen , then the device can not use the sd card . hopefully the format was just a fluke . you should put test files on it ( unimportant / already backed up ) and see if it happens again .
my buddy with a htc evo 4g w/ android 2.2 put the sd card in his phone and had no problem reading the files on the sd card . the files were on a seperate partition that was not recognized w/ my mytouchslide using 2.1 . he was unable to format the card with his evo but had a card adapter and put it in his computer and formatted the card on his computer . : ) he said best practices are : un-mounting the sd card before you remove it from the phone putting the card back in when the phone is off backing up your sd card data regularly just in case
for certain cases with low accuracy ( requires taking multiple cameras , you can not do it from one saved photo ) : see this question . i general : nope . even humans can not do this without reference information not present in a photograph . a short person against a plain white wall filling the frame of one picture appears to be the same height as a tall person with the same proportions against the same wall filling the frame of a second picture , and so on . the most important reference information is a second perspective . this is why we have two eyes and people talk about loss of depth perception when a single eye is lost or covered . is there an existing algorithm that can take multiple photos and possibly some extra info and make a semi-accurate guess about the sizes of some objects in some photos ? probably . is there an android app implementing it ? probably not .
smart measure advocates the ability to do what you are looking for . the advertise : measure the distance , height , width and area of an object with your phone . smart measure pro is the 2nd set of smart tools collection ( distance , height , width , area ) . although , there are quite a few variables to be aware of : they also have a free version with reduced features .
make sure you have this --redirect-gateway in your configuration file . that option is documented on the openvpn man page
this was an issue with the computer i was running adb on . i took the transformer to work and adb worked perfectly first time .
i use " es file explorer " as a file explorer on my device . this allows the creation of file shortcuts . once installed , just choose the homepage you want the shortcut , press and hold on the homescreen and you should be prompted to add a widget / app / shortcut . in shortcuts , choose " es file explorer " and it then lets you choose the file you want a shortcut for . perhaps if used in conjunction with a git app you can create the shortcut to a file within a repo saved on your device ? never tried it but do not see why it would not work
uninstalling the app that is doing this is your best bet . as you have noticed , it is an unreasonable liberty to take with your phone . there is another possibility : i made an app burly which lets you control what your phone does when an app tries to open a web link , such as to a play store app page . even when other apps ( such as the play store app ) can open the link directly , it lets you preview what link will open , and create rules . you can make a rule to automatically ignore links to apps on google play , except when you allow it first . burly is a free download from google play . after you install it , the next time an app tries to open a link to the google play website ( which would normally open directly in the play store app ) , android will ask you what app to use . choose burly from the list , long-tap do nothing ( ignore this link ) from the list of actions , and then click save rule and go .
are you clicking on ads inside apps ? because they would pop-up play store immediately . remove all those apps which pops-up ads very frequently . if no - try signing out of the play store and stop it forcibly using app manager . then start it and login again . post what happened .
after i installed the astro file manager and i went to " preview " - astro popped up , and saying , " give a filename " ok , then it saved the files ! ! ( the files must be ex . : zipped ! ! ) - and then i was able to extract the files in the zip .
you can not , at least not with any consistency , and it looks like you can not request the feature anywhere either . you will need to use a different email client , or wait for the google apps team to implement this out of the blue .
sounds like you have a crippled version of the app . i emailed myself an mp3 file and got " download " and " preview " buttons . pressing " download " downloaded the file ( as one would expect ) to /sdcard/download . ( this is an original droid with froyo . )
i found a number of apps just for this purpose : download all files save my attach gmail attachment download all of these apps function by becoming options when you click on the download or preview button . these are just a couple that i tested out . download all files was my favorite . i am sure there are other apps out there with similar functions .
and a third variant is a kind of "1x1 multi-widget " , capable of holding other widgets , and expanding to their size when opened . there are several of those " widget folders " available , see e.g. widget folder or widget container ( there might be more of them , but those are the two i was able to find short-term ) . then each of your widgets consumes just 1x1 when not used , and the one you use opens on top of them . to make it more plastic and better understandable : widget container : all closed , weather opened ( click images to enlarge ) the first screenshot shows 4 closed " widget containers " ( the green ones ) . in the second screenshot , the " weather container " was opened , and here covers 4x4 , i.e. the entire screen . admitted , not the most beautiful , but a practical solution to your problem ; )
i think a log reader would be able to help you . alogcat is a good , free one . here 's what i would try : install the app . run the alogcat app once to enable logging ( not sure if you really have to do this ) . repeat what you did before , to make the popup error message show up . run the alogcat app again , and check out the most recent logs . it'll probably be in red , and it should identify which app showed the message . hope that helps . update : your comment said that it did not help . i do not know any specific tools to monitor what app is downloading . i have used systempanel before to monitor the overall phone system . it will shows you upload/download network traffic for the whole phone , and it can also show you what apps are active . turn on monitoring in the app , go through the process again to get the error message , then check out which processes show as active during that period . you might be able to find the culprit that way . some screenshots of systempanel : system metrics showing recent network usage , and historical usage ( click images to enlarge ) with historical usage of an individual process , you might be able to correlate with the network traffic .
i have read in several websites that users with the samsung galaxy s3 are getting that exact same message when having mmses that fail to download ( probably old ones . . . ) . if possible , delete all and repeat the steps taken to get the message . if you do not get the message , the problem is solved and in the future we all know from where it is comming . my original comment on the question : further into that issue , other users of your device have reported the same message in relation to the mmses . do you have any mmses on your device ?
you may want to check textspansion that works for android https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.designatum_1393.textspansion i am not affiliated with the author although we make a text expansion software for windows .
but can i make text expansion play as nice on android-windows as on iphone-mac ? blueduino has a soft keyboard mode that allows to type text which is then expanded , it is seemless integration . it currently does not offer sync with text on your computer , i would consider this as one of the top next features though . it is in the google play store
do you have the " quick toggles " in your notification area when you " drag down " the notification bar ( imho the s2 has this by default ) ? sgs2 notification area ( click image to enlarge ) if so , simply tap the " speaker symbol " there to switch modes between " ringtone " , " vibrate " , and " silent " ( the symbol then will switch as well to indicate the current mode ) .
go to System &gt; Sound &gt; Ring mode &gt; Vibrate .
you must enter the time . for example , if you want it to be every 5 seconds you need to write "5s " .
at the time of this writing , there are apparently issues with the periodic timer trigger . ( according to this forum post ) using the period timer ( inexact ) trigger instead works , but is still not very consistent . ( which , yes , i realize is not to be expected since " inexact " is in the title of the trigger )
this is now addressed in google+ v4.1 4 . location sharing includes more controls starting today you can share your pinpoint or city-level location with others ( if you want ) , and you can do so on a circle-by-circle basis . for example : you can share your pinpoint location with family , and your city-level location with co-workers . you can also use circles to filter who appears on your “locations” map . it’s rolling out to google play over the next few days ( goo . gl/xaxmx ) . . .
you can certainly install the amazon app store app on the emulator . first go to the settings and allow installation of apps from unknown sources , then open the browser and download this app . this will download the app store . apk , which you can then install . however , if you are planning to download and run angry birds ( or other games ) , on the emulator , you will probably find it is too slow unless you have a very fast pc . it might work ok for less demanding apps . also , beware that at the moment amazon only permits us users to download apps ( see how can i get apps from the amazon app store from an unsupported region ? ) .
ok , so this problem reoccurred a couple more times until i realised it seemed to happen after my phone restarts and sorts itself out after killing a few running services i did not need . i narrowed it down to an app called announcify . the lesson for me , and others , is to try selectively killing services to troubleshoot any such problems in future .
i have never seen such a file on ics . you could simply try to move the file to your pc and see if everything works . i think it is pretty safe to do so , because critical system files are usually not placed on the sd card .
i do not think it is normal> i had a similar issue on my samsung s2 . some people have reported that this was created by the generation of log files ( alog_* ) ; others from anr_history.txt . if you can root your device , you can safely delete these files . if you cannot root your device , then you need to factory restet the phone in order to wipe all the data .
i am not sure what did it but it must be os dependent as once i installed cyanogenmod9 alpha6 i had those options available under performance settings and they also became available in the tasker menus as well .
jes today i root my samsung galaxy s4 mini with kingo root it works .
take a look at this article . i think what you are looking for is " restrict background data . " keep the tethering app in the foreground and every other app will be starved of connectivity . restrict background data : this option prevents all apps and services from using data in the background . apps that depend on background data won’t work how you’d expect them to – for example , gmail won’t automatically download new messages in the background if you enable this option . http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/why-you-dont-need-third-party-apps-to-manage-background-data-use-in-android-jelly-bean/
try android firewall from the play store . you could create a " white list " that starts off with denying all network activity for all apps , to which you had then allow just your tethering to go through . then , when you want everything to go through again , just disable the firewall . . . or better yet create another white list that you can switch to .
i faced similar problem until recently i found the fix . i use vodafone 3g pack . if you are an android user , check the network and settings -> Access Point names in that check if apn is set to vodafone live . if yes , change it to default settings and it should be changed to vodafone mobile connect . also , then check the value of mcc and mnc . it should be as per country code and mobile operator . i didnt understand , why this changed on its own , but after making this change and rebooting phone , it worked for me . i hope this works for you too . .
i also had the same issue . incase you are on vodafone network , try and select vodafone gprs as ur default settings . it worked for me the same way . hope this suggestion helps
as i wrote in my comment , there are some special characters needing extra care when working at the shell prompt ( or in shell scripts ) . one of them is the $ sign , which usually indicates a variable . if that should be taken literally , you need to escape it ( or enclose the entire string by single quotes ) . similar rules for quotation marks . how your command should look like with an escaped $ , you can already find in eldarerathis ' answer : shell@android:/ # am start -n com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity  note the " back-slash " in front of the $ -- that is the escape sign . use the same for quotation marks or blanks , if your command includes some to be taken literally , e.g. myscript.sh first\ parameter\! myscript.sh "first parameter!"  both would do the same : making the string a single parameter . in the example of your am start command , this is what happened on parsing : command : am parameter 1: start parameter 2: -S parameter 3: com.android.settings/.Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity has a $ , interpreting : variable $PowerUsageSummaryActivity is not set , so empty conclusion : parameter 3 is com.android.settings/.Settings note also that if you run this directly via adb shell , the command goes through shell parsing twice , so you need to escape or quote the command again , like this : user@desktop:~$ adb shell am start -n 'com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity' 
escape the $ in the sub-class name and it should work : another option is to instead send the intent that the power usage screen listens for : shell@android:/ # am start -a android.intent.action.POWER_USAGE_SUMMARY  you can find the intents by looking at the &lt;action&gt; tags in the androidmanifest . xml file for the settings " application " ( which can be viewed on github ) . as an example , here is the activity definition for the Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity:
hey tolomea . i could not find a widget that could do all that but i did find this app that can . world watch is an advanced world clock for an editable list of locations around the world . includes sunrise , sunset , dawn and dusk times for the current or a given calendar date . also includes weather conditions and a 4-day forecast . i have not used it since it is a paid app but looking at the description and the screenshots it looks like it can do everything you have asked for . i do not believe it is a widget but having a single icon on your home screen to launch it would be just as easy as having widgets . world watch
i am favoriting this question . i just installed diviclock widget this morning--http://www.appbrain.com/app/diviclock/divi.clock. it does not tick all of your boxes , but it has a 1x1 widget option ( which i wanted and saves a great deal of space ) plus the date ( also something i wanted ) , and you can have multiple instances for your different time zones .
thank you all . i got the solution here
if you can enter into recovery mode ( with power and volume up buttons pressed on startup ) try to restore a nandroid backup ( if made ) or flash a new rom . if you can not enter into recovery mode you need to reflash a stock rom using odin . you need to choose the right stock rom for your region . see xda-developers , it also contains a guide to flash these files with odin . then you can go on trying to update to ics or jb .
this is bit long , round about and bit approximate way . other than this method , i do not know any other way . in google maps , press menu , goto settings-> about-> map centre . the value showed as map center is the coordinate of the place at the centre of the screen . so , you may have to align the starred place to centre of the screen and do this sequence to get it is coordinates . this will only be as accurate as you can position the starred place at the centre . the accuracy can be improved by zooming in . it will be nice if somebody comes up with a better idea .
in a case of letmegooglethatforyou , i found the answer . turns out , it is a single byte on the phone that determines whether the phone is gsm locked or not . someone found this , and made a nice tutorial on how to flip this byte . the instructions look scarier than they really are . the detail is not because it is complicated , but because they show every single step . the hard part for me was prepping my windows box to be able to do this ; you need motorola drivers and the .netruntime for the motorola diagnostic/programming application .
just long-tap that network on the list and click " forget network " . android will only autoconnect to networks it has previously connected to and still remembers .
as dan suggested , you could simply remove the ap from your list of known networks . your device then would find it again , no problem – but it would no longer auto-connect to it until you do so once manually . and the latter point might be a little troublesome , in case you need that ap " from time to time " – as then you had also need to remove it manually each time you have used it . so if the latter is the case , you might wish to take a look at e.g. open wifi cleaner : removes open wifi networks from the saved networks list after disconnecting . notification reminders on connection/disconnection whitelist of open networks to keep settings saved using google android backup service with that app in use , and the ap in question not whitelisted , it would automatically be removed from your list of known networks whenever you decided to manually connect to it . simply whitelist other possible open aps you want to auto-connect to , so they would not be affected . another app with comparable functionality is wifi ap whitelist .
as far as i am aware , apps cannot be moved to an sd card . apps such as app2sd only move apps to ' external sd ' which is not your memory card .
in case you decide to root the phone ( you can only root it temporarily to install the certificates , it does not need to remain rooted ) , you can upload the certificates into a directory and the next reboot they will be validated : adb shell mount -o remount,rw /system adb push 1dbdda5d.0 /system/etc/security/cacerts/  where 1dbdda5d.0 is your certificate to be trusted .
there is no way i know of which will achieve this . i have been looking for a way of doing the same thing for a while now , as my work requires me to use a ca , but have found nothing after a lot of looking . if you were rooted then it might be possible , but without root i am afraid you are going to have to just deal with it . sorry !
there is a way . just install your certificate the usual way and set " patterns " as lock screen to do so . lock the screen . fail on the patterns 5 times , then click on " forgot pattern " in the lower right corner , login with your google account and voilà . . . the lock screen is reset to " none " and certificates are still there . just tested it on galaxy note n7000 with 4.1.2
i have written an article on creating and installing cacert certificates as android system certificates ( android > =4.2 ) , thus allowing you to use your device without lockscreen : http://wiki.pcprobleemloos.nl/android/cacert main part of my article : copy the files 5ed36f99.0 and e5662767.0 to /system/etc/security/cacerts/ ( and chmod 644 them ) , reboot and it should work . check settings -> security -> certificates , it should list both " cacert inc . " and " root ca " . note that some browsers might use their own certificate store instead of the android one . the android security model explicitly forces you to have a lockscreen whenever a non-system ( user ) certificate is installed . there is no configuration option around this . you can either replace your stock android version with one which has removed this requirement ( i do not think that any exist , but you could theoretically create your own ) . the other option is using ( temporary ) root access for installing this certificate , and then ' unrooting ' it , although that sounds a bit silly .
on the play store there are several utilities to clean phone and speed up processes . my favourite is this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguard your excessive use of system ram is ( maybe ) due to some persistently active process on your phone . follow this guide to see yours ( and maybe evaulate a uninstallation of some ) : http://www.wikihow.com/see-what-apps-are-currently-running-on-android by the way , can you please tell us more information about your android version ? best regards , luca
in Settings -&gt; Applications , in the permissions section , tap on Show All and under Network Communication there should be Receive data from internet if the application has requested push ( gcm ) permission . tested on 4.1.2 , labels and positions may differ .
you could try greenify . it is an app for hibernating apps so that they do not take up a lot of resources ; thus , improving battery life . however , it also lists apps in a way that lets you see which ones support gcm .
in short : gps works without an active connection , it is completely passive . gps has however an addon feature called a-gps ( assisted gps ) which speeds up the startup ( time to first fix ) considerably . it basically warms up the receiver with gps status data such as time , coarse location and most of all gps satellite orbit location data ( ephemeris data download ) . everything of this is also included in the gps signal but a cold start needs longer if the receiver needs to fetch it itself . with a-gps this data is downloaded from the internet and fed to the receiver . note : the a-gps data is good for some days but deteriorates over time until the phone needs longer to ( once ! ) cold start again ( or a internet re-download is necessary ) . you can trigger a manual redownload with some apps , for example gps status .
basic concepts you are confusing two different concepts : " gps " and " navigation " , that are used for two distinct scenarios on your device . gps is used to pin-point your location in the globe . navigation is used to plan and track your movements from point a to point b . while navigation may depend on 3g or wi-fi to access the internet and retrieve maps and other information as to graphically present your location in relation to the designated route , gps does not use the internet , it works communicating directly with antennas and in turn with satellites to ascertain you global position . phone settings there are two phone settings regarding gps , one is the gps on/off toggle , the other one is the a-gps ( assisted gps ) , that actually relies on internet connectivity as to provide faster and some times more accurate results : tap your device " menu " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " location and security": " use gps satellites " - when locating , accurate to street level : tap to apply the green tick as to have the regular gps method available . " use quick gps " - use server to assist gps ( check to improve gps performance ) : if the gps option is active , you can tap to activate this option , improving gps accuracy , but keep in mind that this only works with a data plan , as it uses network resources to assist ascertaining your geolocation . navigate offline if you need navigation capabilities while offline , you can use an app that relies on maps downloaded to your phone . personally i am happy with navfree : free gps navigation by navmii available from google play store . i have downloaded some maps , for portugal , around 90mb , but afterwards i am fully capable of navigating without any internet connection . maps are provided by openstreetmap . org free of charge and updated by a large community . about gps the global positioning system ( gps ) is a satellite-based navigation system made up of a network of 24 satellites placed into orbit by the u.s. dod . there are no subscription fees or setup charges to use gps . read about it at : garmin - what is gps ? wikipedia - global positioning system about navigation navigation is the process of accurately ascertaining one 's position , planning and following a route . read about it at : wikipedia - navigation
gps and navigation are separate concepts . gps itself does not require internet connectivity . however , many navigation apps ( e . g . google maps or waze ) require an active connection in order to access map data on-the-fly , compute directions , look up traffic details , search for points of interest , etc . there are other ( usually paid ) apps that do not require internet connectivity for navigation because they provide this data as a separate download . directions , turn-by-turn navigation , pois , etc . can then be accessed from data that is stored on sd card , while the device is offline . in both cases gps is only used to place your current position on the map .
these apps are not hidden . they were not meant to be launched . the example you mention - phase beam - is a live wallpaper . to use it long-press on your homescreen and select live wallpaper . there're many others that can not be accessed by the end user . they are meant to be used by another . usually to provide a feature in a plugin form .
the minimalistic text widget app allows you to launch any activity ( android speak for program ui module ) when you press it . within the settings for the widget you can get to a list of all activities in the system .
actually , this is even easier : http://www.computerandyou.net/2012/01/how-to-fix-android-samsung-galaxy-s2-not-recognized-on-linux/ android 4.0.3 does still have the usb mass storage feature , it is just hidden in " other network settings " where one would not really expect it . . .
ums ( usb mass storage ) was replaced by mtp somewhere with , at latest , ics . some kernels still may contain for ums , but most will not anymore . so here are your options : check the market for apps which can enable ums again ( i heard mentioned a few who should be able doing so , including al mass storage manager , usb mass storage watcher , and usb host controller -- but no guarantees whatsoever , as i did not try any due to lack of ics devices install the mtp packages on ubuntu ( apt-get install mtp-tools ) some helpful information on the second point : connect your android ice cream sandwich how to mount an mtp device as a drive
check if your charger 's current or voltage is not higher than what your phone is supposed to accept . i had similar issues before with generic ( chinese ) android chargers .
on twrp recovery , tap Reboot and then System
that should be possible . how to realize it , depends on the android version used : for android 4.0 and earlier , the imho best solution is installing lbe privacy guard , which you can configure to issue a popup whenever a given permission was requested ( so you can decide whether to permit or deny access ) . however , do not attempt installing this on android 4.1+ , or you will end up in a boot-loop ; the xda developers have " localized versions " of lbe security master available instead ( a version i find bloated , as it tries to cover to much things ) . apart from these two , i know of no other app informing you of an access at the time it is made ( which does not mean there are not any ) . other tools might however log access so you can either see the log entry afterwards , or at least know whether an app has used that permission at all ( e . g . xprivacy ) . i am not sure how pdroid handles this , as i have never used it .
yes , it works on droid x on verizon ( although the app might have unrelated issues ) : http://androidforums.com/1208709-post1.html
it does not apply to google maps navigation afaik but you should ask this specific question to your local verizon dealer . for instance , i use google maps navigation on my htc droid incredible and a friend uses it on the motorola droid , each with verizon ( but again , be sure to ask before you buy the phone ) .
i had a droid 1 for about a year . google maps works great . recently switched it out for a samsung fascinate . the fascinate comes with verizon navigator pre-loaded . but i downloaded and installed the google maps without any issues . i do not pay for the verizon navigator application at the additional $10.00 a month . i also have used titaniumbackup to " freeze " lots of the preloaded programs from verizon . have had zero issues with doing that . the fascinate had an issue with the gps taking a while to lock on , but it has recently been addressed in a software update . using google maps and navigation is something that i use daily .
for completeness , my at and t sgs3 with android 4.3 has another way to do this : under the Settings app , on the My Device tab , there is a section for Voice Control . if Incoming Calls is checked , then you can answer calls with the voice command " answer " when the phone is ringing . answering a call with the voice command will automaticallly turn on the speaker .
i have not tested this , but tasker should be able to do this . create an event " phone ringing " profile to perform the " speakerphone " task ( which you configure to turn the speakerphone on ) . this can be configured to only activate for certain callers if necessary .
some androids have a car mode ( often branded by manufacturer ) in which you can say it will be auto-answered when ringing and the call will go over speaker . if your device does not have a car mode or it does not work for you , you can try one of the many apps available which can handle this function for you : https://play.google.com/store/search?q=auto%20answer%20callsc=apps ( first app seems simple and serving your described needs , but i would always recommend to check out a few ) .
the odin-able kernels for my galaxy s are simply the zimage in a . tar file . but the zimage has a peculiar format , and i believe it is specific to samsung devices . i would assume that either the kernel you have compiled is the wrong format , or simply does not work and the system is restoring the stock kernel from the recovery image .
fastboot boot zImage  is for testing purpose only . it will boot your phone to the kernel for only once . the next time you boot your phone , it will use the original kernel .
i assume your selecting browser > menu > settings > clear cache ? you can also try clearing the full app memory from your home screen ( outside the browser ) : settings > applications > manage applications > select the brower app choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . if all else fails you could also factory reset the phone .
when the market re-upates itself . goto : settings > applications > manage applications > market and select ' clear cache ' now go back into the market and re-signin with your market account . see if this helps .
odin mode is run in a very very early stage of phone boot - that is why you do not see the phone logo when entering odin mode . the virus ( if it really is the problem ) will not have a chance to execute its malicious code because the bootloader is not even running in odin mode . so yes , you can safely kies your way back to working condition , but sometimes you should use the specially created odin program ( google it , i can not give links right now as i am on a slow connection ) to flash the firmware by yourself if kies does not feel like working . just note that either way , you will have to download 1+ gb of firmware .
in this specific case your friend is correct , but it can probably vary somewhat . we will take the galaxy nexus as an example since it is a reasonably accurate internal representation of the other samsung devices . the ifixit teardown helpfully identifies all of the major components of the device and their function . in step 5 they remove the wrapping from the battery to expose the nfc antenna underneath . later , in step 12 , they identify the nfc controller on the main motherboard . putting the controller itself on the battery is perhaps possible , but i would imagine it is not really realistically feasible . for one , it would probably increase the fabrication costs of the batteries an unacceptable amount ( the antenna , conversely , is likely not very pricey ) . it would also require the battery to have some non-standard and comparatively complex circuitry to transmit data from the controller to the motherboard , whereas the antenna is basically served by a simple conductive contact to pass the signal along . this is mostly conjecture , though - i am not an electrical/hardware engineer ( i do not even play one on tv ) .
you might try doing a manual update .
others are reporting similar issues . is your build number 4.06 , 4.08 or other ? i would suspect that if you missed the initial rollout you will have to wait a bit , since they would want to do it gradually and not overload the network . you might get prompted again later or they might enable manual upgrades at some point . verizon says you can update over wi-fi , though again it looks to be an automatic thing rather than manual , but maybe you will get a second notification if you connect to wi-fi .
try flashing again , while you do tick off the auto reboot . then take the battery out when it’s done flashing . then enter clockworkmod recovery right away . ps : just try if you are ready to experiment . i do not give any guarantee .
yes . you can reinstall the os . there is a low level flash tool called heimdall ( or odin ) that can be used to reinstall the firmware or install aftermarket firmware onto the galaxy ace .
you can do that in kies , by updating to factory version from the update menu
many usb ports on computers do not have power sufficient to charge a phone battery . does the phone charge with the plug-in type supplied with it ? some computers will advertise a charging usb port . the default current ( amps ) is 1/2 a or 500ma in a standard usb connector . it is not uncommon for tablets to require 2 amps .
do you have google voice itself set to pass through the phone number of the caller or do you have it set to show the google voice number ? if you currently have it set to show your google voice number instead of the callers number then change that setting . let me know if that is the case . if you already have that set then we can delve deeper . the setting in question is in the web version of google voice under settings - calls - caller id ( incoming ) .
i would first test by adding a 1 to a number and having them call you . android should be smart enough to treat them identically but google voice might not play nicely . i am not sure of the specifics of how gvoice works , but keep in mind that your contacts are calling google and google is calling you . somehow they pass on your contact 's number , but it is spoofed , and your phone is probably relying on the " real " number ( i.e. . google 's number ) for choosing the ringtone .
thanks to a pointer from pam , i waded through a number of potential solutions until i found one that seems to work : [ update ] although the steps appear to work , less than 24 hours later google now will automatically re-add your work address - even though you have not got it listed in google maps . from google now home screen tap your " menu " button to open the settings ( for my galaxy s3 its the far lower left button . ) tap " settings " and then turn google now to " off . " a confirmation box appears . check the button that says " also turn off location history . " click " turn off . " at the next screen , click " turn on " click " yes , i am in . " your " home " address should show as your current gps location . scroll down until you see a " magic wand " symbol in the lower right corner and tap it . click " places " ( it should show a #1 next to it . ) your home address should appear ( you can tap to edit this if not correct ) and " work " should be empty . you will have to re-enter any other personal settings but at least you can now edit your " work " location ( or just leave it blank )
try various steps mentioned in this discussion
according to mobyware there is a stylish-custom addon available for the mobile firefox . the page also mentions you need the stylish addon itself to make it work -- however , i could not find that . the compatibility list starts with android 2.0 and goes up through the version to 4.0 ( ics ) , a list of compatible devices is available as well . moreover , some discussions on userstyles . org seem to mention some availability for android , you might want to check them out . not sure if it works , i did not try myself as i do not use the mobile firefox -- but you might give it a try .
stylish 1.3b1 adds support for firefox mobile .
there is stylish add-on for the dolphin browser .
as near as i can tell , you need to run " ip route add " as root . i do not have root , so i can not try it . but something like this should work : ip route add 192.168.42.0/24 dev rndis0 scope global proto kernel ip route add 192.168.43.0/24 dev wlan0 scope global proto kernel  you can use ip route show to show the current routing rules .
i got it done via iptables . first , open the terminal , run su , and type ip route show . this will show which interfaces are currently being used . in my case , i had wlan0 for the wireless hotspot and rndis0 for the usb tether . second , run the following iptables commands , replacing wlan0 and rndis0 with your actual interfaces : # iptables -I FORWARD -i rndis0 -o wlan0 -j ACCEPT # iptables -I FORWARD -i wlan0 -o rndis0 -j ACCEPT this will cause the phone to forward the traffic between the two computers . to revert back to normal settings , i simply restart my phone .
as long as the material of your clothes or bag contains no metallic element that could block the gps signal then your phone should be able to receive a gps signal fine while in your bag or pocket . i use the htc desire almost daily to record gps tracks , and generally keep it in my jacket pocket and have noticed no problems with the gps positioning . those problems i do have are related to travelling through built up areas or in buildings . you should remember that gps can be less accurate in dense urban areas as the receiver may be able to see some sky , but that patch of sky may not contain enough gps satellites for a direct fix . the signal may also be affected by weather , particularly humidity . have you tried any other applications , as it could perhaps be the app that is causing the poor performance you are seeing . for recording running i can particularly recommend runkeeper , i have been using it for six months now and it works really well , plus has some really good online features . for general gps recording the my tracks app is also pretty good . i would suggest trying a couple of different apps and comparing the results . if they are all showing gaps or jumps in the gps track then it may well be something to do with the way you are using your phone ( or the area you are in ) .
check your system configuration if it is 32-bit or 64-bit processor . download android sdk ( 32-bit or 64-bit ) and install it . also download eclipse ( 32-bit or 64-bit ) and install it .
the market on the emulator is a special case . it is also recommended you use a google account i.e. you are using username@hotmail . com change to use username@google . com to reset the account associated with the phone , either clear all google app 's cache or do a factory reset . as you are on an emulator just delete that one and create a new one .
you could replicate many sense features with 3rd-party apps such as launcher replacements , dialer/contact apps , various widgets , etc . however , you will likely lose the deep system integration of such apps . you will also most definitely lose the integration with the htc sense site .
why is the android stock browser still alive ? as of june this year , 15.7% ( 0.8+14.9 ) of users still use android 2.2 and 2.3 . x ( froyo and gingerbread ) , since chrome supports only android 4.0+ , these users can not use chrome for android . also android 4.0 ( ics ) , which has 12.3% of users , does not come with chrome preinstalled . moreover , i think the stock browser still comes preinstalled in all android jellybean phones ( version 4.1 . x , 4.2 . x and 4.3 . x ) , which is used by 58.4% ( 29.0+19.1+10.3 ) of users . that means the stock browser is still preinstalled on 86.4% ( 15.7+12.3+58.4 ) of android phones . the above should be the reason why the stock browser is still being widely used . a lot of users do not bother downloading or changing the default/preinstalled browser . there are no technological advantages of using stock browser over chrome for android . google has already phased out the stock browser in android kitkat ( 4.4 ) . chrome for android is licensed from google , while the stock browser is not . also , oems can modify the stock browser if required but not chrome . so from a business perspective , it is actually better for google , if oems use chrome . but some oems do not like being dependent on google too much . to say more is beyond the scope of this answer . if you want more info go here and here . google has been slowly shifting the core of android from aosp to it is closed source and licensed google apps and the browser is one of the last components in this roadmap .
posting this a separate answer from an unrelated edit to an existing answer . flash is the reason we continue to use the old , stock browser . the so-called stock browser is small and it supports flash video , as do a couple of newer browsers . and the flash . apk is still available from several reputable sites ( but not from google play ) so it is easy to get hooked up . until all video streaming sites migrate to html5 there will continue to be a demand for browsers that support flash , security issues or not .
the easiest solution is to simply use airplane mode . the wifi chip still works but the cell radio will be turned off , so you have no voice , sms or cellular data capabilities . this will be in your settings somewhere , probably Settings-&gt;Wireless and Networks-&gt;Airplane mode . you may need to explicitly re-enable your wifi after turning on airplane mode ( ex : my phone disables wifi at first , but i can just turn it back on ) . some phones also allow you to toggle airplane mode from the power menu , but i do not know if this is a standard feature of the android os .
there are many people facing similar problem here , http://community.htc.com/na/htc-forums/android/f/107/t/12961.aspx?pageindex=3 the solutions they came up with was : use handcent sms app instead of stock sms app keep low number of messages in inbox delete read message waiting for gingerbread update which will fix it if i were you i would choose number 1 .
now , that is weird ! play some music or unplug the charger . try a different cable . try a different charger . i will not tell you to change your car , your stereo , or your phone , as those are expensive . but you can always try it out in someone else 's car , if that is an option . you have to narrow down the problem by using trial and error method .
after a lot of googling around , i found 2 possible solutions : hardware solution : kensington noise reducing aux audio cable - have not tried it myself . yet some guys at android central report it worked for them . software solution : aux noise filter app - tried it on my galaxy note . works like a charm .
this problem is a known bug in android 2.1 ( do not know if it is still present in newer versions ) . there is not much that you can do except being careful not to send too big emails . from my experience , it will eventually be sent but it can take up to a day . be careful because it will block all the emails you sent after the large one ! it seems they need to be sent in the order they were created . a solution to this problem is to use the dropbox application , to upload your pictures to dropbox , to " long press " on the filename , then " share . . . " and " share a link " by email to your recipients . this will only send a link by email so the message will not block as it does with large files .
yes you can do it by using this number saver app . app description is as follows : save a number while you are in a phone call , and dial it right after . access during call from notification bar , or from app icon to pull notification bar in the call screen , press home first ( android limitation ) the app has two modes for number or note : save it to the clipboard ( which later you can ' paste ' it wherever you like ) save it in the internal app memory on both you can later access the last saved number or note and create a contact , dial or sms .
do not worry vinit , one of the standard way for payment gateways ( including google checkout and paypal , paisapay etc ) to validate your account is by deducting a small amount ( typically 1 usd or an approximate equivalent 50 inr ) and returning it in next few days . please wait for few days and while doing so , please observe for any reversal of 50 inr . if you see a credit to your payment account then all fall in order .
touiteur has been updated today and now has filtering . please note that this feature may just be the paid version . i will update this answer with a link and qr code when i have confirmed those details . edit : it would seem that filtering is not a premium feature . the filtering can be found under the mute settings in touiteur -> more -> mute . you can choose to mute text ( inc . hashtags ) , users and apps ( sources ) . touiteur homepage
use a program like titanium backup to back up the data , then remove the program and install the new one , then restore the data . but . often the data will be incompatible between versions and this may lead to force closes .
apps store user data in different ways : some store the data on the sd car in a public folder and as long as you do not manually delete the folder after you uninstall the app , it will still be there when you reinstall . other apps store data this way but have their configuration data in the secured portion of the internal memory and that data is lost when you uninstall ( example : podcast app that stores the podcasts , and they subscription data on the sd card but the login , password and settings data internally . you will still have your podcasts and subscriptions but you will have to re-enter the other data ) . some apps store all their data in the protected memory so you will lose everything when you uninstall unless you use some kind of backup utility . angry birds stores data in the protected portion of the internal memory and all is lost when you uninstall . there are apps that specifically backup angry birds data and other apps that backup apps . there are so many there is no point in mentioning them here but just search the market for " angry birds backup " or " app backup " . titanium backup is the best in my opinion but you need to be rooted to use it , while others you do not .
if you are simply trying to turn the screen off , like the normal single press of the power button on the droid does refer to this question : is there an app or widget that can replace my screen on and off button on my moto droid ? if you are trying to power down the phone you will need to have a rooted droid then you can install an app that give you a boot menu like quick boot or reboot manager , both of wich give you an option to turn the phone off .
try pressing and holding the power button . this should bring up a dialog box with several options , once of them being to turn off the phone .
for that , you had need a local dns server on your local network , which gets updated by the dhcp server assigning the ip to that machine ( many routers offer this feature ) . you can then tell your android device to use that dns as primary when connected to your wifi network , while leaving the secondary as-is ( so the latter would still resolve everything outside your network ) . this option is located in the wifi apn settings : long-press the entry for your home wifi , select to edit it , enable " advanced options " .
i have bad news : it almost impossible to get data from your internal storage if your mobile does not turn on . first we need to know more about the problem : what do you mean under not turn on ? does it light up or no signal at all ? what if you plug it into the charger ? can you see any lights flash up ? can you get into recovery ? if none of the above happen , then i need to ask : is your important data stored on your sd card ? most apps store their user data on sd card so you can access them if you pull out your sd card and read from that . if you re-install android , you will lose your internal data so if you have lots of important things on your phone ( not your sd card ) you should not reinstall without backup colornote does not store your data internally but uploads to the cloud . see their faq
i use netcounter . it separates the wi-fi data usage from the 3g/4g data usage , and so far it has been very accurate ( at least on the mobile data ) .
i use stats free app . it shows 4g data in addition to 2g/3g and wi-fi .
first , let me say that network data counting in android is not so easy , because there is no api which provides this information in a clean way . the app developers have to work with some linux internals and other issues . this is why most traffic counting apps do not work on every hardware/software combination . for exaple i had an app that worked with eclair but stopped working with gingerbread on my galaxy s . android introduced long term evolution ( 4g ) support with api level 11 ( honeycomb ) . most traffic counters read their volume information from the underlying linux network interface . afaik there are only two interfaces , one for wifi and one 2g/3g/4g , which means : it will be hard to monitor 4g data separated from 2g/3g if a app says it monitors 2g/3g it is very likely that this also includes 4g androids 4g api is relatively new . support , including separate traffic counting ( if it is possible ) , will hit the apps in the near future . here is an example listing that shows the interfaces and their traffic on my galaxy s . pdp0 is the mobile and eth0 is the wifi iterface :
as of now ( unless someone can correct me ) there is no app that will monitor sprint 4g wimax data . although , it can be found by calling information *4 from a sprint phone and pressing 4 to hear details of the individual phone use . the 4g data will be listed , and can be sent in a text message to the phone ( if desired ) by pressing 2 .
let 's print droid will print directly to wifi addressable pcl/postscript printers . it does not contain drivers for ink jets howoever .
there is a paid app called eprint , which i believe works locally to printers attached to a wireless network ( printers themselves do not need to be wireless ) and does not appear to use a cloud service or need a pc in most cases . they have a free eprint version that you can use to test the functionality before you pay for the full eprint version . next there is printbot , this " network printer driver " supports 1,000s of printer types connected to a local network . the free version lets you print a few pages to test , the full paid printbot pro licensed version is unlimited . try both of those out and see which one works with your printer and apps . there are also some free proprietary apps that work with specific hardware , hp eprint should work , but only to hp printers ( both older network enabled ones and newer eprint enabled networked ones ) , samsung mobileprint should work ( but only for samsung printers ) . motoprint lets you print to a lot of different printer types as long as they are connected to a wireless network ( do not have to be wireless printers ) , annoyingly you can only install it on motorola devices , so not putting down as an answer for you but someone else might find it useful .
still no way without root . ( but i will post some quick links for root users . the old method ( need to edit settings . db with sqlite database browser ) : http://blog.pathany.com/2011/12/swype-on-kindle-fire.html new easier methods : [ guide ] get swype working without having to edit settings . db four simple steps to use alternative keyboards with kindle fire utility it is rather easy to obtain and revert root .
yes , an application can lead to a phone reboot , usually by combining a badly designed application and a bug in the framework . exemple : an application that registers an Account but no ContentHandler issue 5009
yes apps can reboot if giver permission , search for " public void reboot " on http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/powermanager.html
an app can certainly deliberately reboot the phone , depending on the permissions for the app in question and whether it has root privileges . an app can also force you phone to reboot if it bombs out and takes android down with it , particularly apps that interact with phone functionality ( volume adjustors , automatic task killers - which are a bad idea in general , location aware apps , etc ) if an app has the right permissions this can happen quite easily . so to sum up , yes , it is quite possible that an app could be causing the system to die and your phone to reboot . if you want to troubleshoot , you can use titanium backup to freeze one app at a time to see if that alleviates the issue , or you can just uninstall and then reinstall later on .
found this on the dell forums : my dell streak gorilla glass broke today . . . i was coming back from eating dinner with the family and walking up the stairs the dell streak fell out of my jacket pocket . . . . and bam crash boom . . it has all types of cracks and glass pieces all over the place . . . solution . . . . i immediately called dell customer care to see what my options where and the csr . . . was just great . she went out of her way to take care of all my issues and she did . . . before i knew it she had ask for my service tag on my streak . . . and some personal info and the next thing you knew it was getting a email confirming that my new dell streak was on the way . . . . ups tracking # i was amazed . . . . how quick it was being resolved . . . . thank you dell you can also probably get replacement screens off ebay , and i am sure there are youtube video tutorials on how to replace the screen .
i would assume the gorilla glass is not broken , just the underlying lcd display , but i would definitely argue that it should have provided more protection if i were trying to get a warranty claim fulfilled . i would also assume the screen is replaceable , most are ; talk to your carrier though ( not sure if they will route you to dell ) .
it should be located at /data/app/ . you can access that directly if you have root . if not , you will have to use adb pull . for example : adb pull /data/app/myapp . apk c:\backup\myapp . apk more info on adb : http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html
if you know the installed file name of the apk ( which on some devices may be myapp-1 . apk or myapp-2 . apk rather than just myapp . apk ) you can directly access that as an ordinary user including the one adb runs as on a secured device , so you should be able to adb pull it . but if you do not know the installed apk name , you cannot browse the /data/app directory without being root or aid_system . it might be worth just guessing at the installed name - try it plain , try it with the -1 . apk , and the -2 . apk , etc . there may be another way : i believe the following will work on a secured device but do not have one in front of me at the moment to test it . edit : new idea for determining exact apk file name 1 ) adb pull /data/system/packages . xml 2 ) look through it for your application 's codepath entry 3 ) adb pull that edit : with regard to the old idea below , matthew discovered that while the per-process files under /proc have read permission on a secured device , they are empty when read by an unprivileged uid other than that of their owner . so this will not work . 1 ) get your app running . you will also need a machine with adb . 2 ) type adb shell ps  and look for the line with your app 's name : app_1 11959 907 112984 27580 ffffffff afd0c5bc S com.clevername.myapp  3 ) take the number in the second column which is the process id , and view it is virtual memory map , in this case i would type adb shell cat /proc/11959/maps  and look for a line where it has mapped its own apk file into memory 43e9c000-43ea3000 r--s 001f4000 b3:06 15393 /data/app/com.clevername.myapp-1.apk  4 ) that is the file name you would need to adb pull adb pull /data/app/com.clevername.myapp-1.apk .  examination of the directory permissions in /proc suggests this should work for an unprivileged user , my apologies if it does not . if you are familiar with the usage of ' grep ' you can use that to avoid manually scanning the output . addendum : i am not really sure what the story on apps installed to the sd card is .
the problem is not really cm7 's fault . it sounds like you have an issue with the proximity sensor on the device . the screen should go black when you put the phone up to your ear . searching , i have found that this seems to be a common problem with the desire hd . you could try some things like recalibrating the sensor .
it cannot be done . usb devices interact with your android phone through a protocol known as usb on-the-go ( usb-otg for short ) . this protocol has to be implemented in the software ( kernel ) level on supported hardware . unfortunately , the galaxy core does not have this protocol available .
usb-otg is seemingly not supported according to the specs over at gsmarena 's galaxy core page . in contrast , see the sgs4 , which offers usb on-the-go .
your device does not support otg . download the below app and check for yourself . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.homesoft.otgtroubshooter the app . detects and offers solutions to issues around usb host and otg cables . it is designed for the nexus series , but should work with any android device . this app . does not offer support for usb devices . it simply detects whether they can be supported . it also detects certain android bugs that may be affecting your system .
settings> security> device administrators and you disables all administrators
this turned out to be a red herring for me . i just had to enter my password one last time to get rid of the lock screen . i had not pushed on an unlocked door . so go to settings-> security-> lock screen enter password
there is indeed a way to remove the lock screen while keeping the certificate : set a pattern lock and try to unlock the phone with a " bad pattern " for 5-10 times , it will show you an error message , now select " forgot pattern ? " and enter your gmail/password . after these steps the screen lock will be removed without removing the certificate . "
go to settings and go to more , which is below data usage option . then go to vpn and delete all vpns ( jus clear it all ) . it is that which is blocking that screen lock setting .
just delete all vpn profile . . it should fix ur problem
i just had that same issue today . go to Settings , and make sure you have removed foxfi as an administrator . go to Trusted credentials &gt; User &gt; and remove Foxfi . then go back into Settings &gt; Security &gt; and Clear credentials . it'll let you change the lock code then ! : )
same thing happened to me . all you have to do is go to " security " then go all the way down to " credential storage " then clear all credentials . than you can go back and it is all done .
you should be able to turn off the lock screen security somewhere in settings> security> screen lock and then change it to none or just a simple slide to unlock or whatever you want . this is how you get to it on my s3 , but yours should be similar no matter what phone you have . to fix your other issue , also in the security tab on my phone , there should be a tab called " device administrators . " when you go into this tab , it allows you to check and uncheck which apps have access . if you uncheck the app that is preventing you from changing this , it might solve your problem .
there is a simple solution to this one . first of all change password lock to pattern lock . then enter wrong pattern 5 times . you will see forgot password . click that and enter account details . then a screen will appear saying to change the lock type . simply hit the back button and it will be automatically set to none .
resolved solution , please check the below thread : http://control-search.com/forum/showthread.php?tid=1
to my knowledge , the motorola xoom does support the usb to ethernet adapter solution , but i do not know of any others . even the xoom however requires some serious work , and you will need one of two custom kernels for the xoom as well as an adapter based on a particular chipset . for more information , check out this xda article and the threads it links to .
the most easy way to use lan to your android device is to connect your lan cable to a portable wireless router ( about us$20 in ebay ) then you can use wifi service from your lan cable .
i am using a toshiba thrive ( os 4.0.3 ) , a curtis klu mid704 ( os 4.1.1 , and one of the rockchip clones ) a polaroid branded pmid704 and a zte phone . of all these , the polaroid and curtis have ethernet support in the settings . i am using a radio shack belkin usb-to-ethernet adapter , which is supported off-the-shelf by android . ( only the toshiba thrive has a full size type-a usb jack . ) the polaroid is " broken " in that the ethernet does not work . you click on it in settings and it clicks but does nothing . the curtis works , it shows me my ip and mac address in settings and i can set static ip parameters including ip address , gateway , netmask , and 2 dns servers . however , the android frameworks ( in the java ( tm ) -like language ) are broken . the connection managers only support wifi and mobile data . you can inquire about the eth0 device but can not open a connection or do anything with it . i know . . . i have got a $70,000usd contract hinging on solving the ethernet connection problem and it is getting frustrating . i have got google people telling me it is in there , but i can not find api 's or examples . supposedly google 's working on it .
looks like ' no ' , with some xda-developers work . if you want to connect to a lan , why not go with an access point the size of a deck of cards ? if you want extra security , you might turn off your wifi router 's beacon , use wpa2 without wps , and turn on its mac address filtering . your device will connect without the beacon if you ' add network ' .
install go sms pro and use its Mark all read option ( its in More tab of options menu ) . as data container of text messages are shared between apps , changes will be reflected in stock messaging app too .
ChompSMS has a " mark all as read " option
they are nothing to do with your app , and they are not really errors . as you might have guessed , they are just reporting changes in the light sensor state . ( that is the sensor that controls the screen brightness . ) samsung roms are particularly known for having very ' noisy ' log output , owing to samsung being a little slapdash about software integration . in contrast , nexus devices tend to have very clean logs , because google engineers are aggressive about disabling logging when code is committed . you can filter the log messages in eclipse ( or when you use adb logcat on the command-line ) .
if this is the stock system , then the only way to change it would be to root it and install a custom rom ( or remove the stock video app and replace it with a 3rd party video player ) .
most likely the video player registered a listener to be notified on " usb connected " . if you want to keep the app but get rid of that annoyance , the only way goes via root . you will not need a custom rom for that -- just an app like autorun manager pro which allows you to disable listeners of any app : as the screenshot shows , autorun manager lists up all apps along with their registered listeners . check here for your video player app , find the responsible listener , and remove the checkmark in front of it . that should do it . if you do so for some apps , and some day decide to remove autorun manager , your restrictions would persist unless you reset them before uninstalling arm ( the app has a " revert " option , and can even revert all changes at once ) . if you forgot that , and want to re-enable disabled listeners , the only way is to re-install the affected app ( not arm , that will not help as it remembered its actions in its settings , which are removed when you uninstall the app ) .
vlc for android beta is reported to support opus format . ( src )
i have found gonemad music player and neutron music player support playback of opus . update : if gapless playback is an important feature to you try xmms2 or rockbox . both are still in the development stages as far as android is concerned but they are both worthy of a mention . xmms2 is a music player server , so you will also need to download a controller to use it . rockbox is not available via the play store and it can be a bit tricky to setup so you will have to do your own homework on this one .
freeamp supports opus decoding as well from build 119 using the bass for android library .
applications in the knox container are pushed using the samsung knox api 's . these api 's are usually consumed by mdm 's for " pushing apps " , and i do not believe are generally available . samsung has a free emm solution at https://www.samsungknox.com/en/solutions/try-knox#management-with-knox-emm which you can use for pushing applications into the knox container . ( as well as full mdm , and sso ! ) note that the container is considered a premium feature and must be licensed .
edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/ as far as i know there is currently no wep/wpa cracking app . the fact android is open and linux based would allow this basically , however most ( all ? ) wifi chipset drivers do not allow the necessary monitor mode and solutions would be tied to single makes/models with supported chipsets . using known working usb wifi adapters with otg ready devices would allow to circumvent this restriction but there has not been a project to do so yet . update : there is some effort by the author of kismet . this is not covering your question but is somewhat related : you might however have luck using these 2 tools ( root required ) : element53 and proxydroid background : many paid access points allow dns resolution . element53 is a tcp-over-dns tunnel app ( dns has port 53 , hence the name ) to exploit this . the free version has 10mb traffic limit , here 's the explanation from the google play : element53 , the dns tunnel for android . element53 is a ready-to-use dns-tunnel for android . it can be used for penetration testing ( other uses are not supported ) .
most of the time it is because battery saver mode is on . 3g is ( often ) slow compared to wifi , so it takes a lot longer to complete large downloads and drains the battery a lot more . turning battery saver mode off will allow you to download via 3g on many phones . another possible ( app-specific ) reason is that it just uses up too much bandwidth and would not be practical on a limited-transfer 3g connection ; if this is the case there is not much you can do about it .
most apps do this now to protect the user 's mobile data usage . knowing that most data plans are limited ( 200 mb a month , in the case of my roommate ) , developers prevent users from , say downloading a 45 mb game from the play store/amazon app store via mobile network , as this would not be beneficial , seeing as it would take almost 1/4 of your data and would take a significant amount of time and battery . same goes with uploading . most apps do this as an option , though some ( in the case of the amazon app store ) will block you completely from performing these actions without wi-fi . but no , this is not an issue with your carrier . i have sprint ( and unlimited data ) and i am still forced to download certain apps and upload pictures through various services only through wi-fi . note : i have found that some apps that prevent wi-fi-less downloads ( i.e. . amazon app store ) allow me to do these on my network as long as it is over 4g . if you have this option , try it and see if it works for you as well !
most phones work pretty fine with a little amount of water , but it also depends on your luck . my first android volume buttons stopped working after i played basketball with it in my pocket and sweat screwed it up . under warranty got it replaced .
i have a htc nexus one and carelessly ended up with it being immersed in three inches of river water in the bottom of a plastic bag for over an hour . i assumed that it would be write-off but dried it out anyway in the sunshine on the dashboard or the car and held it in the warm summer breeze for an hour on the journey home . i put the battery and cards back in and after a short period of irregular displays it worked perfectly . i was astonished !
if the water finds its way into the circuitry and causes a short , that could be bad , but i do not think there is any good way to quantify how likely that is to happen to any phone . i have a moto droid and get it a little wet all the time and have never had a problem , although i have heard of people bricking their phone under the same circumstances . if you do actually get it wet and it dies , it may not be bricked . after it dries out it will probably work again . you can aid the process by putting the phone in some rice or just blowing dry warm air on it . it is also worth noting that many phone manufacturers install moisture detecting stickers inside the phone . on the droid it can been seen through a little hole under the battery cover that shows red plus signs on a white background . if that gets wet , it'll bleed and that way if you try to return a broken phone and say it just died the tech can see if you got the phone wet , and even if that is not why it died , it'll void your warranty .
yes , preloading has been removed from version 5.6 ( and above ) . to make way for some upcoming mobile features , we removed the preloading feature on the youtube app for android . we apologize for any inconvenience , and we look forward to bringing these new features to you .
i have a quick step-by-step guide to help you " join " your contacts - in other words , take two separate contacts and make them one ! open the people application . navigate to one of your duplicate contacts ( any one will do ) and tap it to open it up . in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . this is the settings menu . select " edit " . again , in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . select " join " . android will now ask you to select which contact to join this contact with . select one of the other duplicates of this contact and android will join the contacts into one contact ! rinse and repeat until all of the duplicate contacts have been " joined " into one single contact .
the problem was partially solved . download . apk file from the device ( with airdroid for example ) remove assets/fonts directory from the archive install the application with modified . apk file i suspect that this bug appears again with every application update , so this fix has to be repeated after every update
you can try the following : 1 . try calibrating your battery ( few says it is necessary to calibrate your phone after rom installation ) charge phone to 100% boot in to recovery wipe battery stats reboot and drain the battery completely ( by playing or media or normal usage ) after complete drain recharge the phone again to 100% 2 . try freezing or renaming or removing nfc.apk and tag.apk ( instead of removing the apk just try renaming them like nfc.apk.bak )
you need to set android-wifi-tether to give out ip addresses in a different subnet than the other networks your laptop connects to ( e . g . home , work ) . you can do this within its settings . you also need to set up your web server to listen on the given address . based on your description you are most likely using nginx ; in that case add listen 192.168.2.100:80; to the appropriate server block .
problem may be caused by http proxy server . proxies help to manage web traffic on the providers end , but can and probably will disrupt access to local addresses . proxy options may be available in your network settings , but on many phones these options are hidden . an app such as http proxy settings will give access to the hidden settings . simply clear out the hostname and port for un-proxied access . make sure to write down original values so changes can be undone .
there is not anything built in but you can use an app such as changelog droid . you would need to add the apps you wish to be notified for to the observed list within the app .
i am charging the device regularly and checked with a system monitoring app the temperatures , that i reached . it was never more than 33 degree celsius , while charging or after charging , still laying on the charger . this is to be considered a completely normal temperature . just today i was out with the tablet on the sun and i reached more than 40 degree celsius , just because of the sun , so i would not really consider charging with qi an issue .
i was having the same problem with my phone until i uninstalled the turntable . fm app . this is the post that clued me into the fix : https://forums.motorola.com/posts/bc23079218
you can try using firefox for android with this plugin that lets you disable double tap zooming . hopefully that will let android pass both taps through to the website so it can register a double click .
note : please be sure with what kind of application you are going to dis-able as disabling a wrong app ( factory app like keyboard will not display keyboard ) could cause your phone to miss-function ( not able to enable the mobile data etc . ) so please proceed with caution as you see that google has some pre-installed apps which are loaded on the phone at the time of purchase like google maps , google play music , google drive , google chrome etc . ( let 's say google play music is the most unwanted app you want to disable ) . you can do it very easily just follow these steps carefully . step 1 :go to settings> application manager . step 2 :you will have three side scroll options under the application manager . - downloaded : it will list the apps which you have downloaded from the play store or any third party apps . - running :it will list the apps which are presently running on your phone in the background . -all :this will list all the apps i.e. the installed apps from the play store , running apps on your device , stock apps from google . step 3 :choose the all option by scrolling to the extreme right/left . step 4 :choose the app which you want to disable . ( say google play music . ) step 5 :after selecting the desired app you will have some options like force stop . disable . clear app data . step 6 :choose clear app data to remove any data stored by the application . step 7 :choose force stop to stop the application from running . step 8 :choose the disable option to disable it from running again ( it will be in your phone but will not be displayed under the menu ) . step 9 :after selecting the disable option your app which you have disabled should appear in the bottom of the all screen . ( say you disabled play music then play music will appear in the bottom of you all list apps along with a disabled displayed to the right ) . also in the play store under all apps the application will be displayed at the last with the same disabled next to it . after doing all the above 9 steps correctly and in order your disabled application will not be enabled automatically and will not show any updates to you as it has been disabled permanently . also if you choose auto update application even then your application will not be updated .
there is no way to disable an app for some users of a device but not others ; it is possible to freeze an app using a third party program ( ie , disable it by changing it is permissions so it can not run ) but that will disable it for all users . android apps and services do not distinguish between physical users of a device - they all run using a single logical device user account . that being said , depending on what exactly you are looking for it may be sufficient to disable data synchronization for a specific google account in the settings . in android 4.4.0 , this would be under settings-> general-> accounts-> google-> [ account name ] , which will bring up a checklist of services for which data syncing can be disabled .
it just can not be done . similarly whatsapp too does not work on non gsm devices .
yes . install viber on tablet . once it asks for phone number give any cell phone number where you can receive the confirmation code from viber service . try to activate the account . once you receive the activation code on the cell . . put the same activation code on the tablet and you are good to receive calls on the same device . make sure you do not activate this viber cellphone number on any other device .
the camera api within android is not written to be able to capture raw . the camera firmware is at the kernel level and would require a custom kernel that is written with raw in mind . some of the post processing is being handled on the phone at the camera firmware level making it nearly impossible to find a way to actually capture raw images .
i really like apndroid and have not had problems with it at all . however , i have got an htc dream that is unlocked and running on at and t so it is pretty much guaranteed that i am not getting ota updates . you can always access your apn settings directly , so even if an update broke your apn settings , you should have been able to go in through Settings &gt; Wireless controls &gt; Mobile networks &gt; Access point names -- i have the option of manually adding one or more apns and a " reset to defaults " button that will restore the t-mobile apns my phone shipped with .
edit : rereading your question suggested i am pointing to the wrong direction altogether . try oneclick widget . it opens the settings where you have to un-check data traffic ( so , it is two click actually ) . this is the safe way to do it . quick settings , like apndroid , simply renames the apn thereby disabling/enabling it in one click . so , when you uninstall/update the app when the apn is renamed to something illegal , you will need to re configure your settings renaming the apn to the network provider 's default . turning on the data traffic takes time because of the handshaking required as a 2g/3g standard , so this cannot be avoided . note : my phone ( xperia x10 mini ) comes with several widgets : data traffic , power control , status switch ( same thing ! ) . so you might as well play with your phone 's stock apps before venturing outside .
your google profile picture and your google+ account can have different pictures . i am sure most other google apps probably use the google profile picture . make sure they are the same .
i found the workaround using the google talk app : open google talk ; click on your user profile thumbnail ; click on the profile picture and select change ; browse for the picture and select it . after a while with sync option on , then the updated picture is shown on other apps .
yes it should work with google cloud print . from : https://support.google.com/cloudprint/answer/1686197?rd=1 log in to your user account on the windows , mac , or linux computer . open google chrome . click the wrench icon on the browser toolbar . select settings . click the show advanced settings link . scroll down to the “google cloud print” section . click sign in to google cloud print . in the window that appears , sign in with your google account to enable the google cloud print connector . a printer confirmation message appears and click finish printer registration . you will see a confirmation that google cloud print has been enabled . click manage your printers to learn more . now when you have something to print , for example : some document in google drive , hit print button and your printer should show up . but your laptop must be on all the time and connected to printer .
here is another option similar to @onik 's reply . . . in the Contacts -&gt; menu key -&gt; Display options , there is a list that says Choose contacts to display . for example , google , backup assistant + contacts , preset , hotmail . there is a down arrow on the left of each item . click the arrow and panel appears with All contacts and a check box . uncheck the box , and those contacts will not be displayed in your list . this is for android v2.3.5 on verizon motorola
in the Settings -> Accounts &amp; Sync , select your gmail account , in there you will see " sync contacts " . you can uncheck that and the device will not sync your contacts to gmail , nor will your gmail contacts sync to your device . as onik said too , you can have it show only people with phone numbers too .
first copy all your g-mail contacts to your phone . you can find this under menu -> manage contacts -> then copy contacts . choose to copy from g-mail to phone . all the g-mail contacts will copy over ; then you can decide which ones from the phone contacts can stay and which ones you can delete without having to worry about it " syncing " with google and erasing important contact info . then you can also take it a step further and click your contact phonebook viewer . you can choose phone only , sim , gmail , etc ; by selection . the phonebook will show only this information . finally for those who do not want to clutter up their phonebook with every email you have ever sent - you can click under settings " view contacts with phone numbers only " . this will give you a cleaner look for the phonebook . hope that helps
there is an option to only show contacts that have a phone number , you can set it in Contacts -&gt; menu key -&gt; Display options . this will hide the unnecessary contacts but keep your email synced .
have you tried going a different route and just use airdroid ?
there have been some issues with the fact that android 's bluetooth was not up to date . testing your phone with another headset would be a first step in singling out the problem . also , try to see if you can go to your local authorized reseller or a carrier store to see if a technician can have a look at it .
if i recall correctly , for navigation directions over bt you need a2dp ( just like music ) . i just checked the specs on plantronics ' website for the discovery 975 and it does not mention having this . there is also a setting somewhere in navigation to route it over the speaker or the headset ; i remember turning it off on mine because it was interrupting conversations when i was trying to listen . unfortunately i can not recall exactly where the setting is ; i will update this later if i find it again .
simple answer : no . on my device ( lg p990 optimus 2x ) the path changed after upgrading from 2.3 to 4.0 . currently the path on my device is /mnt/sdcard/external_sd . so this is highly dependent on the device provider or on the version .
androidforums has a guide for rooting the htc one v . i can not post the steps here , since the link is blocked at my current location .
follow this link . all the details given in it . if it does not understand your external sd card as memory device you might have to create a new partition in the sd card . here is a link for that
i have lg p768 android 4.1.2 . i can move apps to sd using move2sd some app2sd ( that can not work ) will show this error " device does not have a real primary external storage or the primary external storage is emulated "
all you need to do is to create a partition in your sd card and root ur phone . install an app called link2sd , and link all ur apps to ur sd card .
app data usually go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( in case of chrome : /data/data/com.android.chrome ) . but those directories are only accessible by the app itself , and by the system/root – so unless your device is rooted , you will not have much luck checking there . concerning the file-system hierarchy , you might wish to first consult the file-system tag-wiki , and then follow up to android folder hiearchy .
i can see how you had be confused by that . it does not indicate that your phone is rooted , just that the kernel was compiled by the root user ( on a dell build machine , apparently ) ! if you look at /system/build.prop ( probably requires root to look , ha ) you will see some other similar information about the build . mine says " jaeyoon . yoon@sep-05" for the same info .
how about using several different apps ? mapswithme is awesome for viewing openstreetmap offline . you can download whole countries , and see them in a very fluid interface osmtracker is a good basic gps tracing app , with buttons for taking quick notes of various kinds ( do the actual openstreetmap editing later when you get home ) vespucci is a more full-featured openstreetmap editor which would allow you to add roads . i could be wrong but i think it is the only android app which supports full geometry editing . that is always going to be a bit fiddly to do on a phone anyway though , and i do not find vespucci very easy to use ( prefer take notes and then edit at home ) those are some of my personal preferences at the moment , but people are developing/improving these apps all the time .
osmtracker ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.guillaumin.android.osmtrackerhl=en ) will meet your requirements . it can upload the gpx tracks directly to openstreetmap , but i prefer using josm to upload the data .
i think that osmeditor4android does what you are looking for . functionality includes : create , edit new nodes and ways append nodes to existing ways create , edit tags up/download to osm server highlight unnamed highways and ways/nodes with todos if it somehow does not do what you want , the osm wiki has a nice chart comparing a number of android apps .
samba filesharing is a great app for connecting over wifi , but does require root . i use it regularly myself . just turn on wifi , fire up the app , and then you can browse your sd card from your pc .
not exactly " accessing the filesystem " , but you could try airdroid . it has a really nice file manager .
andsmb is functionally more useful among free samba file sharing apps .
with samba you can access the files like a network share . i think it requires a rooted phone though . should be better than ftp , and it should also be better than usb in that the phone can use the card in the same way ( you do not need a specific mode )
there are many ways , you can use adb over wifi , run an ftp or ssh server on the phone , or use dropbox . the easiest to set up is dropbox , but it is fairly limited which files and you can synchronize . the best solution would be installing an ftp/ssh server on the phone , but setting up those might be difficult .
over wi-fi install a small app swiftp ftp server . ( original link ' dead ' - 2012-09-22 , see 'http://ppareit.github.com/swiftp/' instead ) just , setup username and password . after tapping Start button , your device will become ftp server and the app will give you url ( handy if you do not know device ip and ftp url format ) . on pc , you can use any ftp client software to access file system of device . windows explorer works , too . you can also create a network drive in computer . for example , you can visit this in address bar of windows explorer : ftp://192.168.1.10:2121/  here , 192.168.1.10 is ip of android device and 2121 is port on which ftp server is working ( you can configure port in app , too ) . visiting it will ask you username and password . enter what you specified in app . done ! the app will not give you url if device is not connected to pc using external wi-fi router , but it works in those situation too . if you have made device wi-fi hotspot and connected pc with ad-hoc network , then you will have to find device ip by yourself ( ipconfig /all command is fine with windows ) . it really works as long as you have ip of device ( i have tested it by myself ) . just , use this ip in ftp url and visit it . the interesting thing : as ftp is universal standard , this method will work with any pc , mac . that is not true for samba file share , airdroid etc . over bluetooth there is no need of external app . if bluetooth software on pc supports obex ftp , you can do this directly . if you have issues with stock bluetooth services , install bluetooth file transfer app . it supports both obex ftp and opp . means , you can do both-side file system access : device to pc and pc to device !
the xperia z supports usb-on-the-go , so with a usb-otg adaptor and a usb keyboard you should be able to enter the encryption passphrase to boot the device .
from the what is new page on the play store for the current version of the facebook app ( v3.1 , april 18 , 2013 ) : faster photo uploads get chat heads to keep chatting while you are using other apps if you install facebook messenger new permissions to set up facebook messenger and facebook home , which you can install separately : http://www.facebookhome.com bug fixes ( my emphasis ) so the facebook home app definitely pulls it is data from the main facebook app , and " piggy-backs " on the main app 's permissinos .
the facebook home app does not really do much itself . it gets all its data from the main facebook app , so it does not need to access the internet . doing any action from the launcher uses an intent to launch the main facebook app , so it does not need to ( say ) access your location or take photos to make posts : only the main facebook app does . to take another example , say you use facebook home to " like " something . facebook home does not go to facebook 's servers : it tells the main facebook app ( on your phone , so not using the internet ) to " like " the thing . then the main facebook app ( which does have the internet permission ) uses the internet to tell facebook 's servers about the " like " . the same goes for the size . all the facebook functionality , sync code , custom button graphics , libraries , and so on are in the main facebook app , so why would they duplicate them in facebook home ? facebook home probably just has a little code for laying out the home screen , a few icons , and the information android needs to understand that the app is a launcher . the apps can use each other this way because they are both by the same developer . ( actually there is a little more to it than that , but that is the first requirement . ) android verifies this by looking at the signatures on each app to check they were both signed with the same private key : in this case , a key that facebook ( the company ) has . without this private key , another developer can not create another app ( or modify this app ) that can use the facebook app like this . it is also possible for an app to create a new type of permission . so , as an example , the main facebook app could create a " read my facebook timeline " permission , and then i could write an app dan 's bookface , which would be able to request that permission in order to read the timeline directly from the facebook app , without needing the " internet " permission . when you install dan 's bookface , you had see " read my facebook timeline " in the list of permissions just like you do with the permissions built into the system .
i had issues with the last facebook update , the one that came out the past 2 weeks . i uninstalled it and reinstalled it and now it works correctly . my issue was not quite the same as yours , it kept redirecting to the mobile website ( although i do suspect some http vs . https issue ) , but i would give it a try . i know the advice seems weird because the update is like a new install , but it worked for me .
unfortunately i do not know of a fresh and safe way to do this absolutely automatically but there are some tools which can help you with the same . for call logs and sms you can comfortably use these two apps and then transfer the backup files they create to you new phone . - sms backup and restore and call logs backup and restore for getting a list of your applications which you have currently installed , you may use appbrain app market . some time back this had a companion app to it called fast web installer . i believe apks are still available on the internet . this one will take a backup of your app list and fast web installer can restore the same on the other device . personally i recommend that you sign into your google account and go to all applications you have ever installed and manually handpick . this prevents useless or unused applications from your old phone to carry over to your new phone . contacts are automatically backed up at google and you can do the same for the pictures as well . if you want to transfer pictures , you can also transfer them via external sd card and just use the same sd card on your other phone .
if you have the kindle app installed , just open it and it should show a selection of the books you have purchased from the kindle store . books that have not been downloaded to your device yet are available via the " archived items " menu option that pops up when you press your device 's menu , you should be able to select and download any books there . if you have downloaded kindle compatible books from elsewhere on the internet , then if you move them into the " kindle " folder on your sd card , they should appear in the listing of books when you open the kindle app . you have two options to do this : plugging your phone into a pc and mounting the sd card as an external drive , using one of the many android file manager apps that are available from google play store .
this worked well for me aswell , but not real smooth . choosing the optimus s from the " change device profile " makes the hotspot visible and works fine on the kindle . there is an error associated with the app when the hotspot is started with this profile that is annoying at the worst . it appears this profile is attempting to start the built in os hotspot app which fails as we knew it would . in doing all that , it all works out . . . . . thanks for the heads up . will be pinging a few developers for a cleaner solution since the combo does work , just not very well with avail hotspot apps/tools . until then , free is still going to get a donation for providing me with " a " option . ; )
i was able to figure it out . : ) after getting my phone rooted , i found this link : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/downloads/detail?name=wifi_tether_v3_1-pre113.apkcan=2q=label%3aexperimental all you have to do is download that code in the link into your phone . it takes you to an app , and you install it . this is an experimental ( beta ) version of the app , which uses infrastructure wifi -the updated version uses ad hoc . the beta version works great , and now i can get a great signal on my kindle fire from my phone , without having to root my kindle .
my nexus 10 recently stopped connecting to the internet via wifi after it had been connecting for 3 months . i simply rebooted off my wireless router by removing the power for 30-60 seconds and then powering up . once the router rebooted , presto , my nexus 10 was once again connected to the wireless network and the internet .
someone with access to that router may have accessed it through the internet just as you did and set up the mac filtering . you have to manually enter every mac address of every device that is running on your network in order to block just one mac address or multiple addresses . then you have to set what mac address to block and save those settings just as you did to unblock your mac address on that specific device .
i have resolved this issue myself . here is what i did to resolve it : accessed wireless router 's settings . please remember i do not have access to adsl router which is connected to the internet . the linksys wireless router setting has " wireless " menu . under this menu , click on " wireless mac filter " . click on " enabled " radio button . click on " prevent listed computers from accessing the wireless network " radio button . i saw a list of mac addressed in this list . one of the mac addresses was that of the tablet which was not connecting . i removed this from this list and voila ! ! ! ! my tab was happy : ) ( i still do not know how it got into this list ! ! )
many android 2.2 users report the same issue 1 . i would recommend trying : delete the network from known list and then reconnect and/or set a static ip address for your 2.2 device : wifi settings -> menu -> advanced -> use static ip ( depending on your network config , submask to use : 255.255.255.0 , default gateway ( router ip ) : 192.168.1.1 ) to something like 192.168.1.200 -- 1 see the original authors : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/bbo7y3cpon8%5b1-25%5d
i have encountered this problem twice , once with my htc flyer , originally with android os 2.3 , but somehow after i updated os to gingerbread the problem 's gone . second happened with my google nexus i515 , running os 4.04 . tried everything until i clicked settings -> system -> change wifi regulatory domain , and chose emea and rest of world ( the other options were us and japan which were not where i am located ) wifi settings resetted and problem 's solved .
you can force the language that app descriptions are shown in on the web version of the play store by changing the language code in the link . this is shown in the url as hl=language , for example hl=en for english , hl=fi for finnish or hl=fr for french . so for example , to see an english description for the gmail app you had got to this link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=en or in finnish : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=fi or to see it in french go here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=fr or in german go here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=de you will see that all that is changed between those is the &amp;hl= bit at the end of the link , yet the whole play store page including the description and reviews has changed to the relevant language .
i am sorry for my english : ) i had the same problem ! and i did everything you did and nothing ! but 1 minute ago i just press the power button and volume down at the same time for 2 sec and a white line appeared ! ! ! around the screen and i had a capture ! it is really hard to do ! just try once more ! good luck ! : )
i own the galaxy tab 2 10.1 and that is not the way to do a screen capture . holding the power button with the volume buttons cause the galaxy tab to reset . on my model ( there may be other models that may have a different location for these buttons . . . . my reference book shows the buttons on the lower right ) the galaxy tab 2 10.1 has 4 buttons on the left bottom of the screen . the curved arrow is the back button . the house is the home button the two rectangles are the recent apps button . the fourth button is a rectangle with a cross - that is the screen capture button . . . just press it .
press and hold the power button and volume-down button at the same time . it works .
it works out that you just have to keep trying . the power and volume down together ( for around a second ) will eventually yield a screenshot about 1 time out of a hundred . took a look at most of the apps out there and they either need you to root the device or install loads of other stuff , work for phones rather than tablets or just do not work . guess i am stuck with the crazy combination !
if you have not yet rebooted your device since this problem started , do that first , then try the following if that still does not correct the issue . log in to the google voice site and go to settings -> calls and turn off call screening . now see if a call will go through , you wont have to press "1" because you are no longer screening . if you do want call screening , try to now turn the call screening back on .
lacking a better answer . . . from what i have seen so far on htc-dev and xda : htc-dev provides an online tool . you ' normally ' can register an account there ( with an e-mail address ) . the registration process had problems . maybe they were resolved , or identified . maybe you need to get help by moaning at them on their twitter account . failing that , you might be able to get someone on the xda forums to do it for you . they ( 3rd parties / xda folk ) are still using the htc site , just with an account that works . there is a 10 step process . presumably , they guide you through using things like adb and fastboot to extract a " token " , submit that token to htc 's online widget , and receive a " code " . the code is not something you enter , it is a binary that you . . put somewhere on the phone . it then gets run by . . . some kinda process , i guess . then some magic happens . the " code " is derived from the " token " . the " token " has a relation to the phone 's . . . model number and imei . maybe it is simply a concatenation of the two , maybe not . each " code " is unique to a " token " , which is theoretically unique to a phone . submitting a token will register it ( and hence the constituent imei and . . [ phone-hardware-id ] ) to your account . the htc-dev widget will generate invalid codes if you give it bad info . that might not break your phone . ( all of this jeopardizes/voids your warranty , of course ) there might be phones that need an ( ota/stock/signed 'sealed'delivered ) update before they can do any of this . they are pre-magic phones , locked with anti-magic bootloaders , lo .
problem solved ! i flashed cwm to the phone using heimdall for mac , then loaded a gapps file from a zip i had copied to the phone . works like a charm . thank you rossc for all your help .
unfortunately , without a backup of the app ( android 2.1+ needed for authenticator app after 0.62 ) that you had earlier , you will need the app apk from someone who still has it or hunt around for this old version . you can still use 2-step verification by opting to receive the verification code via sms or by using the one time codes that were generated when you originally signed up for 2-step verification .
uninstalling multirom - source addictivetips the developers have provided an easy way to get rid of multirom and get things back to the way they were before . all you have to do is flash the appropriate multirom uninstaller file for your device from recovery , and multirom will be removed from your device . do note that this will also remove all secondary roms that you may have installed . multirom uninstaller for nexus 4 multirom uninstaller for nexus 7 ( 2012 ) multirom uninstaller for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) the multirom-modified twrp recovery will still remain on your device , but that shouldn’t be an issue ; you can simply ignore the Advanced &gt; MultiROM submenu , and use the rest of the recovery as the regular twrp . though if you want to remove that as well , you can easily flash a recovery of your choice .
just flash the original / stock rom for your phone . but first , make sure to clear data / factory reset , wipe cache , and clear dalvik cache .
it is a safety factor . depending on the exact method , the rooting process can take a hour or more and if you run out of juice in the middle of the process , your phone can wind up bricked .
here is what i would do : clean way your sd card image is stored in the following location : ~/.android/avd/&lt;avd name&gt;.avd/sdcard.img  stackexchange-url so , if your avd is named screen_large , then your image file would be at : ~/.android/avd/SCREEN_LARGE.avd/sdcard.img  i am using a mac but i am sure the location for the . android folder should be inside of your ' user ' folder as well . you can then duplicate this file and then use it with another avd . less clean way copy all of your files/folders that you want off of the old image from adb : adb pull &lt;dir or file&gt;  how to use adb pull then , using adb create a brand new image : mksdcard &lt;size&gt; &lt;file&gt;  mksdcard can be found in the tools/ directory of your sdk folder . then load the avd with the new image : emulator -sdcard &lt;filepath&gt;  once the avd has loaded your new image , you can then push your files : adb push &lt;dir or file&gt;  info taken from google page : http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#sdcard i hope this helped !
i have no idea how to stop that behavior through os , and i found no reference either . connect it either to a ups if the drop out period is long otherwise connect it through a stabilizer if the current drops at a very higher rate , like a blinking of a bulb . otherwise i do not think it would be good for your phone 's charging system . you could also use usb charging .
it is probably doable , but i very much doubt that you can do this with the default ( unmodified ) factory firmware . custom firmwares such as cyanogenmod may allow you to do this . your mileage may vary and you may even need to modify or recompile these custom firmwares to get what you want .
the snoozy app will let you manage this . ( see this answer for details . )
i did not like this behavior either and even though i have a custom ( or more like modified ) stock rom ( removing the bloatware and rooting it ) it did not change this behavior . however , i found that setting the screen timeout to the lowest value of 15 seconds did the trick in that it would force the phone to go back to sleep by shutting off the screen in 15 seconds after it comes to life , this meant that there was minimal loss of power while unattended , maybe that would help you since there is no way to stop the behavior altogether .
no , at least no-one found a reliable way to do it . higher android versions introduce new apis that the app may require to function correctly .
technically , one can override the version requirement by cracking open the . apk file and editing the manifest . xml file and setting the android:minSdkVersion attribute in the &lt;uses-sdk&gt; element to your sdk version ( or simply remove that attribute altogether , in which case it will default to "1" and assume it will work on any android version ) , then using your modified . apk file to install it . however , this is almost always a bad idea . the developer of the application presumably set that requirement to the value it is because they actually do need something introduced in that sdk version . if they did not , they had set it to something else or omit it . trying to make the app run on an android version missing those features it needs is likely to cause havoc , crashes , force-closes , and other unhappiness . in the case of google-made apps , i would assume they knew exactly what functionality their app uses and when it was introduced and that it would definitely break in some manner without that functionality when they set the minsdkversion for their app , and thus trying this trick will almost certainly fail . but if the developer is just a lazyish type who insisted upon setting the attribute ( probably to the current version ) without much thought about whether it is really needed ( i.e. . " i do not feel like going through my code and checking what functionality i actually use and when google added it to android , so i will just set the minsdkversion to the current version of android" ) , it might just work . or the missing functionality might only be used in some part of the app you never use , and thus the brokenness is irrelevant to you .
when in your wifi settings , could you try pressing menu ( or clicking the overflow dots ) , and selecting Settings . once done , untick the Avoid poor WiFi networks option , and see if it will now connect . also , restart the router .
i have spoken with the measy the manufacturer of the rc12 , they claim their . kl for the rc12 is proprietary , so i was unable to get an actual layout to install in the system/usr/keylayout/vendor_xxxx_product_xxxx . kl in order to map the keyboard/keyevents you need to figure out the vendor# and product# of any usb keyboard/mouse device . adb shell dmesg | grep usb this gives you the vendor/product#s . now you generate your own . kl file . my suggestion is to use the generic . kl file in the /system/usr/keylayout/generic . kl for reference . adb pull /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl  then modify it as you see fit and change the name to /vendor_xxxx_product_xxxx . kl adb push /system/usr/keylayout/Vendor_XXXX_Product_XXXX.kl adb reboot 
i found the setting , and something interesting as well : Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Flash notification  when i came into the settings it was already unchecked , yet my phone was exhibiting behavior as if it was . i had to check the setting and exit the menus . then i went back in to uncheck the setting and exited the menus again . this time the setting took effect - my camera light is no longer flashing . hope this helps others in the same situation .
there seems to be another alternative to appdialer called fastly . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.siristechnology.localappsearch.fastly it displays apps in a grid allowing to view 12 icons at once . also , allows to search using native keyboard as conjure and quickly .
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.in.spd.quickly.activity this app allows you to : - Search all Installed Apps - List all Recently used Apps - Sort installed Apps alphabetically  clicking on the button , which is right side of search box , shall switch the app listing from alphabetically sorted to recently used and vice-versa .
gesture search is very nice ( see the comment by al everett ) . it uses gestures to pick up letters which means you have more screen real estate ( no on-screen keyboard shown ) . it does not show google suggestions which i do not need anyway , so it is a win-win for me ( more space for what i am interested in ) . my only complaints would be about the accuracy of the character recognition - but i hope they will work on it some more - and i wish i would have the ability to add custom searches for web sites or applications ( a la webos ) . also very well complemented by gesture bar - which allows quick access to gesture search from the notification area or with a long press on the search button ( which is the one i like ) .
apparently there is now ( was created after this question was asked ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iojess.conjurehl=en
google search , aka google now can search installed apps on your android device . yes , it is super-slow , especially on older phones , but it includes among other things the ' search phone/tablet ' option . i was looking for a cleaner and faster alternative that does not search everything , including the web , but finally ended up using it nonetheless , because all alternatives i tried are half-baked or crash on my devices . if you fiddle a bit in the settings there are things that can be disabled under tablet search , e.g. disabling the google now feature makes it somewhat faster . to launch it , simply tap the google search bar , or tap and hold the home button . google gesture search is not bad , and it works , but it is too much work for me to draw each character - definitely not in my list of ' productivity ' apps . imo , it is more of a proof of concept app , or an drawing api demo rather than anything else .
( edit ) new solution : you can revert to your complete old behaviour . it needs some hacking though and might be illegal ( decompile and recompile google app ) solution proposal : use apktool to decompile and change the whole namespace from com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox to com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox 2 of a working old . apk ( see . zip below , mind the 2 in the end ) , then recompile and install the newly crafted package . result : old and new ( broken ) provider can be installed next to each other at the same time because they have a different namespace ( . *searchbox 2 instead of . *searchbox ) . just find out which one is the old one and use that . benefits : no root required , permanent ( cannot be taken away ) drawbacks : you get 2x the same widget offering ( 1x from the old , 1x from the new ) , so you have to find out which works and which not my test so far ( 'apktool ' is an alias to ' java -jar /usr/local/bin/apktool . jar ' on my machine , fyi ) : ( edit : old solution ) what would be nice to know : does this only affect samsunng and google 's us customers ? according to androidcentral , samsung now deploys this update as a stability fix globally . it is most probably this package , that got " updated " : com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox ( located at /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk ) having root is definitely required to revert the situation . i would however decide to get rid of samsungs firmware altogether and install cyanogenmod for example ( this might even be easier than getting root in the first place on the orginal firmware ) . you might want to " reinstall " the unaffected version from the last firmware or one of a euro firmware ( if they are not stripped ) . for example , this archive from the popular goo . im hosting site will most probably have a working ( older ) . apk that has the functionality you miss . it is a generic installation package for the popular cyanogenmod aftermarket firmware that holds all relevant proprietary packages from google ( they had to be stripped off cyanogenmod by google 's request some time ago ) . you can open it with any unzip program and extract the /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk package . that is how i would do it ( using the adb tool from the google sdk : i used application explorer to generate this listing and see where the . apk is located : App Name: Google-Search Package Name: com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox [...] Source Directory: /system/app/GoogleQuickSearchBox.apk  you can get the version of ' google-search ' by going to settings-> apps-> all-> google search , which lists the current version . mine ( the same as in the above mentioned . zip is : 1.4.1.299849 )
here is my first free android app named " quickly " , available in google play store . this app allows you to : search all installed apps list all recently used apps sort installed apps alphabetically clicking on the button , which is right side of search box , shall switch the app listing from alphabetically sorted to recently used and vice-versa . your valuable review/feedback/suggestions are most welcome .
while file expert is a good app there are great apps out there . i was hesitant to switch because i did not want to install another app for ftp sharing , but i discovered solid explorer . it is the best file manager app for android , bar none . it has an exceptional text editor with optional monospace font ( ! ) , size setting and line wraps can be disabled ! and of course root support out of the box . all for the great price of 0$. ( thought it is in beta , so that might change . ) it also includes ftp/sftp/smb/cifs browsing , support for google drive , dropbox , box and skydrive . and so many other goodies that there is not enough space here to list it all .
file expert at the moment cannot open such files . i recommend using the app called es file explorer ! it is free and you just enable root option in the properties , and you have root access . do not buy file expert 's root plugin as it is a waste of money ! ! !
a bug in the latest version of chrome can cause this in certain circumstances ( low memory being one ) . details here : https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=342190 https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=399521 seems like a fix should be making its way into the beta soon .
it sounds similar to a bug with 16-bit transparency . if your phone has this setting , turn it off , then try again , but your bug does seem a little different , so no promises .
i have the same problem . i usually just press the home button to go back to my home screen of my phone , then i hold the home button and clear apps running in the background . then i open chrome again and the screen is displayed properly . only solution i have until the bug gets fixed in beta .
you can check if your phone is currently unlocked/rooted in bootloader ( volume down+power for a few seconds when phone is off should do it . otherwise google for your phone . ) i guess there is no way to check if your device was ever rooted . indeed , the safest* is to root the phone yourself and flash a rom . another advantage of this is that you are up-to-date . *of course , there is always the potential risk that rooting fails and your device explodes : )
the free space difference can be accounted by three relevant factors that may end up giving you some misleading information about the real space available on your internal storage : the free space reported the free space reported at the end of the " manage applications " screen is rounded to mb , and it gives you a general free space estimation based on the moment you opened said screen , and it gets updated from time to time ( by my tests about every minute ) . i have mentioned " rounded " because if you access the " storage settings " panel , you will get a clear picture regarding the free space available , down to kb . the app allocation as already mentioned by t0mm13b , an application may be entirely moved to the sdcard or leave a portion behind , this issue is more related with the development of the application itself and there is no standard rules to follow . i have performed an exercise with " angry birds " , and while the download mentioned 20mb , after installed it consumed 24mb . after moving it to the sdcard using the option for this end under " manage applications " screen , 1.85mb were left behind on the internal storage , plus 4kb of data . temporary system files from other applications or running services while i was writing this answer , the free space reported varied between 2mb , this tells us that the os is constantly creating and freeing up space depending on the stuff running . there may exist other factors that concern the ext4 file system specifications used by gingerbread , but i do not believe they better account for the 2mb difference . by the three points mentioned above , while performing an exercise with the application you have mentioned using a device with a stock gingerbread rom , i have managed to account for 2mb of difference , just like the space you have mentioned . determine internal and external space occupied following up on the comments , regarding a way to accurately know how much an app occupies on the device , and being able to view it by external or internal storage , the most accurate application i am currently using is sandisk memory zone by sandisk corp . available for free from google play store . open the application select the desired storage check the details about it
this sounds like you are using apps2sd or equivalent whereby , moving the app onto the sdcard , only a portion of the app is stored in the internal storage and the rest on the sdcard . for verification , check your sdcard and see if the app 's data is still there , this should be present in /sdcard/Android/data/ followed by the package name of the installed application . that is a normal mechanism of the apps2sd .
many people have that kind of problem and i have the same one . moving apps to sd card just delays a bit the problem because something else fills up the internal storage . i finally figured out and it works great . i have a galaxy tab 7 but many android devices will experience that . the one called /data is actually not really just data but it is where android install the application apk and some of the data related to it . if you force the apk to install on sd card , it will still use some of the /data space ( small amount ) for some data . the problem i discovered is in /data/tombstone , you will find 10 files named tombstone_0# . these are constant/non-stop debugging info collected by android . these files build up over time . you do not need that for a normal user . delete all of them . these 4 files were using 1.4gb of my 1.89gb internal tablet storage . to do so , you will need to root your device . yes , you must . and it will not explode do not worry , i have done it and many others too ! then get a program like " root explorer " to browse and delete the junk . it will request and be granted root privilege if you rooted your device before and you will be able to do whatever you want . to root your device , just google " root android [ my device model ] " and you should find quickly how to root your device . this problem is a design flaw . when there is a low internal storage , android should start a background task to clean up that junk .
checking around , i just found a few useful apps which reveal where the storage goes . for one , there is diskusage . though the screenshot 1 shows the sdcard here , the video on the apps playstore page makes clear it can be used on internal storage as well -- and even links to the apps page you usually find via menu -> applications -> manage applications . you can walk and zoom in/out each area , as the annotations on the screenshot show . my second candidate is folder size chart , which comes with a different design and , as seen in the screenshot 2 , can also deal with internal storage . these two may definitly help to identify " storage hogs " . there are many others found in the playstore which follow this concept , but most are limited to the sdcard or require root access .
as the n1 is closely related to the htc incredible you might be running into the same low storage space issue that plagues incredible users ( like myself ) . i asked a related question when i started experiencing apps force-closing due to a lack of partition space and later consolidated my understanding of the data partitions in an answer to a question about false “low on space” ( internal storage ) warning on htc incredible : . . . my app settings screen shows me what must be the /data usage ( never close to full , numbers match /data size reported by diskusage ) even though my apps are actually constrained by the much smaller /data/data ( where i run out of room often ) . . . i found that the number reported as " internal storage " was reporting something entirely unhelpful and was , by all accounts , useless in helping me actually manage app storage . i concur with izzy in his recommendation of diskusage , i found it very helpful especially when rooted ( with root permissions it can display /data/data partition usage ) . using terminal emulator to investigate usage was also helpful in diagnosing my problem . when you take a look at your /data and /data/data partitions , do you see the same discrepancies ?
i can play all videos like 780p hd on galaxy y . download mx player from google play .
i am sorry but your device cannot play high-res videos . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen .
another option , which works to get the apk of any installed app , is to get it from /data/app/ ( or /system/app/ ) using a file browser or terminal , etc . you will need root to do that on the device though ; it is easier just to use titanium backup in that case . without root : from your pc you can use adb pull for some locations . carbon automates this .
install the app from play store and use astro file manager to backup apps . from backup directory , you can get apk files of the installed app .
there are several possible approaches to this . if you are using a headset ( which i assume you are ) , there are several apps for headset control allowing you to use your headset button for that ( e . g . one click = pause/play , double-click = next , etc . ) . on the other hand i have seen c locker is capable of exactly what you are asking for : using the volume rockers for that while the screen is locked .
assuming you have configured your device with a google account , and have already used google play store with it , the easiest way is to visit google play store via web browser from your pc login with your account select any keyboard app you like ( e . g . the standard google keyboard ) trigger the installation from there . shortly thereafter you should see the installation starting on your device ( provided it is connected to the internet , of course ) . once that is finished , the keyboard should automatically be available .
try : 1 ) you can install gapps for your model if available . 2 ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jlsoft.inputmethod.latin.jelly.free 3 ) http://google-keyboard.en.softonic.com/android
if you have bought an unlocked phone then there is no issue of what kind of carrier you have and which country you are in . just connect to the internet and get an ota update from settings , provided they have rolled out the update to their customers in the country where you bought it from .
you could try changing your system language and then see if play store takes the cue . but if the system language has been coded into the build . prop then it would be of no use as your play store would still show chinese version and apps specific to china . the only alternative you have is try to flash a european/wwe ruu for your phone . read up on what ruu is else you could possibly brick your phone . you problem is similar to this . try this thread on xda
there is no call recording issue in android . as you have seen , not all phones support it . android supports call recording just fine , but this can only work if ( 1 ) the phone hardware can be told to send the call audio to the application processor of the phone ( the main processor that apps run on ) , and ( 2 ) the baseband firmware ( part of the phone 's drivers ) also supports this . some phones do not even have the hardware set up correctly for this , so there is no way call recording can ever work on these phones . others have the right hardware , but no driver support . these phones could possibly work , but the soc manufacturer would need to provide an update to the drivers , and the phone manufacturer ( the oem ) would need to package this into a new rom . the bug report you linked to is completely pointless , which is why there is no comment from google on it . android already has a working api for call recording : it is now up to the remaining soc and phone manufacturers to make it work on their phones .
you might try to stop/disable it . if i do this with a system-app on my nexus 4 i get a question wether to uninstall all updates . say yes here , too . if you want to give it another try , re-enable that app and check for updates and install those . this way ( disabling that sub-component , then re-enabling it ) i could get google street view to work again within google maps .
you need a rooted device to remove system apps . there are many apps on the market which will do this or you can do it manually via the command line . link2sd , for example , allows you to " convert " or remove system apps . be careful when removing system apps and do not do anything unless you fully understand what you are doing .
to install the stock ics build : go to https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images and choose your device ( mine , for example , a us nexus s that works with t-mobile , is https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#sojuimm76d ) , download the file , then download the surprisingly-not-very-large android sdk from http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html . run the sdk manager ( it is called " tools/android" ) which will open a gui ; make sure " android sdk " and " android sdk platform tools " are checked . you can clear other check boxes , since those will download very large stuff that you do not need . once you have got all that , follow the instructions in the tarball that you first downloaded ; roughly , you want to put the sdk 's " platform tools " directory on your path , power off your phone , then hold the power-up key and power it back on ( that'll get it to display the sekrit startup screen ) ; and then on your computer run " fastboot oem unlock " and then " flash-all . sh " . i have done this twice in the last few days ( for fun :- ) and while it may sound complicated , it is actually pretty easy and worked fine . ( i installed 2.3.6 just for the nostalgia of it and then installed cyanogenmod and then went back to stock 4.0.4 ) .
if you do not mind to end up with cyanogenmod9 ( ice-cream-sandwich ) : here 's the full update guide from cyanogenmod 's wiki : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/nexus_s:_full_update_guide here are builds ( go for release candidates or stable builds for cm9 ) : http://get.cm/?device=crespo recovery images are here : http://www.clockworkmod.com/rommanager/ flash via ' fastboot flash recovery [ recovery . img ]
you might want to look for a " custom rom " . for many devices , the community provides custom-built roms which bring newer android versions to their devices -- often even improved over the manufacturers version ( better optimized , no bloatware ) , and even covering newer versions where the manufacturer stopped . a good source to find out if there are any custom roms available for your device and which is theunlockr , where everything is nicely grouped by manufacturer and device . also , it seems to be the most complete source . alternatively , there also is communityrelease ( you can filter by device , android version and developer ) plus pdadb ( no filters at all : over 800 pages to check , and not restricted to android devices -- so it will be hard to find things here . though , it may serve as a kind of " last ressort" ) . as you report your device to be rooted , the most important pre-condition to install a custom rom is already met ; )
while there does not appear to be much activity on the development front , i have found one nice little enhancement for the pe . this mod will enable the google play store , as well as the other google apps .
you have to tell the mail application to delete the messages from the server explicitly . this options is provided during the initial setup , but is also accessible from the account setup options . change " delete message from server " from " never " to " when i delete from inbox " . this was not part of my original answer , but was added by the editor : this is fine if you do all your email on your handheld , but if you need to leave messages on the server for any reason ( you deal with some later on computers at home or work ) your android will keep grabbing other old messages to take their place until your set maximum is filled . this seems to be a bug or at least a weakness in the platform .
there are several gestures which are not really supported on mobile devices including right clicking , hovering and most keyboard shortcuts . it is up to website developers to recognize this when designing their user interfaces and either build in alternative gestures or simply rely on universal input methods like clicking/tapping . your best bet would be to contact the owner of the website you are having trouble with .
pocketvm pocket cloud one of these should help you
do you know how the internal storage is formatted ? if it is fat then there is not much you can do . otherwise you could do something like this from adb shell or from a terminal on the phone : cd /sdcard ln -s /sdcard2 &lt;name&gt;  for example , if &lt;name&gt; was sd2 then you can now access it via /sdcard/sd2/ .
what version of cm are you using ? a bunch of those mount points do not even exist in my version of cm ( cm7 ) there is what i get when i do a df . i did think it was interesting that /cache/download was in there twice though . but , also , if you notice , both /data and /cache/download are on the same device . really , it is not uncommon that a device could have multiple mounts .
try this : go to contact list select contact open menu , and press the " block " button ( or " add to blocklist" ) i also found call guard in the play store . maybe you take a look at it .
you can use the tried and tested Call Barring method Go to Settings select Call Settings look for Call barring now select All Incoming enter your default pin ( 1234 ) there , all incoming calls will be blocked . you may still be able to place calls unless you barred that too . this feature is carrier network dependent and it already exists in the dumbphone era . still useful though .
go to call forwarding menu and forward all calls to voicemail
you can install cyanogen now , and in the event of an official update , go back to the stock rom . steps to install cyanogenmod in asus tf300t : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/install_cm_for_tf300t
this is not an direct answer but will help you achieve your goal . the app link2sd extends ( actually preservers ) your internal storage by linking an app 's apk , dex , and lib file to a partition in sd card . you can use the app in rooted phone or you can contact the developer and ask him how he did it . he is very friendly . you may also want to check data2sd where the whole app is installed on sd card .
your command is wrong . it is not : mount --bind try this instead : mount -o bind the complete command is : mount -o bind /path/to/directory1 /path/to/directory2
from @eldarerathis -- do you have busybox installed ? have you tried mount -o bind /path/to/dir1 /path/to/dir2 ( i think the busybox version supports that on android ) ?
have you tried symlinking to the folder ? you can do this in the root explorer app , which does cost , sorry !
some ip blocks or other header information can be used to identify requests as coming from phone carriers . in an attempt to over engineer the user experience , some web designers could to extreme lengths ( such as using this info instead of the user agent ) to force what they consider the optimal experience to be on the user . you can get around this by using wifi instead of your mobile data plan , but i suspect that is not the answer you are looking for . other than that , there is zip i know of that you can do about it except complain to the website operators . for what it is worth , some sites have a link in the header or footer to allow mobile users to view the standard page ( like facebook ) , but that is the exception rather than the rule .
some sites may be swapping css based on screen size . there is not too many pcs out there running at phone resolutions . disabling javascript might work around that along with a useragent change .
i am using dolphin for pad , and it loads the desktop version of engadget with the default settings . will not try redtube since it is nsfw . give it a try ! : )
i had the same issue with watching full episodes of daily show on my android . turns out i visited the site as mobile first and had to clear my cache and put it in desktop mode first .
you could simply use a bluetooth/wifi mouse app like premotedroid . there are a bunch of others , and generally speaking they just allow your device to be used as a mouse/keyboard input . if you can pair with your pc it should work , although i have never tried it myself ( i do use premotedroid to pair with and remotely control my xoom , though ; works great ) . another option would be some kind of vnc or remote desktop client , but that is not as lightweight and some of them do not support linux ( splashtop , for example , does not have a linux server , iirc ) .
i did end up using the paid app presenter . i liked the interface and the way it dominantly shows the presentation time .
google presentation remote is great and really easy to use on your android phone . it is dependent on the chrome extension " google presentation remote " .
assuming you are certain these games are being installed as time goes on rather than merely being part of the myriad apps samsung preinstalls on all is phones , i would consider backing up your data and doing a factory reset although it is annoying . it sounds like there is some kind of malicious code that is installed on your phone and it could be doing worse things than installing games ( eg capturing your keystrokes ) . search google for how to back up your android phone - there are lots of guides . the factory reset will put your phone on the same condition it was in out of the box software wise . from then on be very careful about what you install , what webpages you visit and what email attachments you open . good luck !
i had a similiar problem . in my case it was the android emulator " bluestacks " . i connected bluestacks to my google account and ( automatically ) activated synchronising . bluestacks provided some games and installed them on my phone . long time i dod not know why this happenes but than i saw this sync seeting in bluestacks . maybe you hava similar problem . alternativly there are apps downloading other apps . there is an app checking if this happens . but unfortunately i do not remember it is name .
yes . page camera is now included in the evernote widgets . add it to your droid screen just like you would any of the other evernote widgets .
appears to be a bug . the " make the recent apps button act like a menu button " setting appears to not be changing the appropriate values to inform apps that a permanent menu button exists and thus apps act as if it does not have the menu button . viewconfiguration is what handles that .
silent mode definitely is not supposed to mute media or alarms . both of those are controlled by you , unlike calls and other notifications that are caused by external events . you would not want to miss your alarm just because you forgot your phone was on silent : ) but it is definitely strange that it disables the volume controls entirely , that must be a motorola thing . you could try the audio manager app for better control over the settings . it does not sync the media volume to the ringer volume , but you can use profiles to quickly set up one where both are muted and then it is easy to switch with a click or two . it also manages alarms , notifications , in-call volume , and " system volume " ( probably the noises you can enable for when you click things and so on ) .
yes . see : can i install apps on phone without using the android market ? you can not install directly to the sd card . in many cases you can move much of the app and its data to the sd card , but the os and the app have to support it . even then , you need to install normally and then move it , and you can not move 100% . not without a custom rom , and maybe not even then .
i read that this procedure here helped others . you should give it a try . following the advice from znewman i am " copy-pasting " the instructions here . the article refers to galaxy nexus w/ android 4.0.2 but you can follow similar steps for other scenarios too . download the factory images to your pc . unzip the file and its contents into your sdk/tools folder ( wherever your adb . exe and fastboot . exe files are ) . *make sure they are not in their own folder , but have all been extracted to tools . from within your tools folder , open a command prompt ( shift + right click – “open command prompt here” ) : type the following commands , allowing each to finish before moving onto the next : ` reboot your phone by highlighting “start” and pressing the lock switch . it really is as simple as that . your phone is now back to a 100% stock , unrooted and locked state .
yes indeed you can ! it is not a ' stock ' or ' hangouts ' feature though , but there are apps that can perform this functionality . sms notifier on the google play store has this option as you will see in the screenshots for it . off the record a friend said that google tend to prefer you to activate something , rather than mark as read ! that is why you do not see this option very much . as per bmdixon : this does not work in hangouts . it seems ok if hangouts is not the default sms application , but this may vary between android versions and oem devices .
well , i think you are friend has guided you over the wrong direction its not the malware it has happened because of rooting the device . tell you what this is another demerits of rooting sometimes it results in less stable rom which i guess is the case with you you have rooted you device , means all the restriction imposed by your carrier gets removed means let me give you a short example now you are device is free to function like the way you want it . suppose you have installed an application which under rooted condition wakes the core for only one minute and then let it over the standby process because of the limitation imposed . but now the same core is busy for more than the stipulated time because your device restriction is removed and it will work according to the way you want . so , it results in performance but the battery life started suffering . it can be said as some of the disadvantages of rooting your device , i would say you might have heard the term rooting is not advised and is mainly intended for developers .
there is a couple of different things going on here . the latter part of your question , the laptop-to-pc issue , is likely as you suspect — because the laptop is on a separate lan from the desktops ( each router being its own local network ) , neither side can browse for computers on the other . you very likely could access the wired pcs from your laptop , if you connected to them directly by ip address . ( say , by entering \\192.168.12.34\ into the windows explorer address bar , if that was the ip assigned to one of your desktops . ) it is merely the browsing and discovery functions which do not work , since they are confined to the immediate lan . not being able to browse for the files on your android phone , though , is an entirely different issue : you can not remotely access the files on an android phone , because android phones do not do windows file sharing — at least not by default . most likely , with your stock phone as configured by the manufacturer , the only way to remotely access its files is over bluetooth from a paired computer . es file explorer knows how to speak windows file sharing as a client , so it is able to connect to the files shared on your pcs . but to go the other direction , you need to install an app on your phone that'll act as a windows file sharing server . i am sure there are several choices available in google play . ( however , you should think twice or more before doing something like that . opening up remote network access to your phone 's files carries serious hacking and privacy dangers . it is not something to undertake casually . )
use teamviewer , the best tool also for other things ( e . g . remote control of pc from android device ) .
i do not know if it will help but give a shot to airdroid , it let 's you transfer files from android device to pc , connected over the same network back and forth . if the problem is not so complicated , this thing will handle it .
its a huge security hole because it allows an application to add your facebook and google and other account names to your online profile without you realizing it . if the site is hacked the hackers could follow through to other know accounts if you were stupid enough to use the same password . lots of people are that stupid so it will happen . an online dating site or porn site might leak your real facebook and google account names to the people you are chatting with even though you never gave that information to the site itself . anonymous online ? not any more .
this permission is of moderate-high importance . this allows the application to read what accounts you have and the usernames associated with them . it allows the app to interact with permission related to that account . an example would be an app that was restoring your contact , would discover your google account then send you to google 's login screen . it does not actually get to see your password , but it gets to work with the account . this is also legitimately used by applications to add contacts to your accounts , such as dialer replacements and contact managers/backup/sync/etc . source
make sure that when you add a contact , the contact type is set to gmail . if it is set to phone then it will not sync to gmail and will stay solely on the device . contact type is the first field on add new contact and is set to phone by default .
when you have a htc droid phone with sense , it seems to be required to setup your htc sense account to be able to synchronize contacts between google or exchange and your cell phone . at least , that is a statement which is to be read when starting the sense setup app on your htc phone .
the slideout keyboard comes with quick keys which you can assign to quickly open an app or an item when pressed . open the slideout keyboard . press and hold shortcut key #1 to assign the first quick key . press and hold shortcut key #2 to assign the second quick key . tap ok tap apps or shortcuts , and then tap the app or shortcut that you want to assign to the selected quick key . if you are assigning a shortcut to an item on your phone , follow the screen instructions to proceed . press the quick key you’ve assigned . the app or item opens . source : http://www.htc.com/help/www/howto_iframe.aspx?id=18599type=1p_id=325
i had this phone , and i had this problem . your " search " key is stuck down -- press it a few times to unstick it . this model has a feature where you can press search+e to open email . ( it is , in fact , fully configurable . ) when the search button gets stuck , those shortcuts activate , leading to the behavior you describe .
if you have root you can do as suggested and use titanium backup to remove the stock email app . if you are not rooted you can remove the duplicate notification by going into the stock email app , settings , and then delete your email account from the app . if you want to keep your account you can also go into your phone settings and find the application manager , swipe over to the all apps tab , find the stock email app and uncheck show notifications ( if your android version is jelly bean ) .
google migrated to using the mobile interface for tablets in android 4.2 you will not be able to change to the previous button arrangement on your stock rom . you could root your phone and install a custom rom such as paranoid android to get back your old button arrangement . hope this helps .
you can root your phone and install a custom rom . also , there is an app called full ! screen for rooted phones i believe . it let 's you remove the buttons and then reposition them . not sure if it is the right app . otherwise . . just search the play store for root apps related to buttons
you can also just hit your volume key , and hit the settings button that shows up on the right . you can turn the system volume up and down from right there .
try silent boot from the android market . it automatically mutes your phone when you shutdown .
in system -> sound and display -> system volume you can set it , unfortunately the power on/off sound is also tied to the touch feedback sound ( ie you press a button , hear a sound ) . if that is not a problem , turn it all the way down and problem solved . .
try sgs tools from the market . it has the option to mute startup and shutdown sounds , or set custom ones . note : works on a rooted device only .
yes , what cheuer said . installing an ota while you are running a customized rom in any way ( even just rooted ) pretty much always screws up root , sometimes even having a high risk of bricking your phone . never install an ota update while running customized software . if you ever want to go back to stock software , you need to go find the thread for your phone/rom that tells you how to do this . only after reverting back to stock should you attempt an ota install . lastly , note that after an ota update , you are not always guaranteed to be able to root your phone again . sometimes you are stuck unrooted .
i would recommend not installing the update while you have root . the manufacturer of the device could have changed something in the update which stops the root from working either intentionally or unintentionally . if this is the case there is a risk that the phone will be bricked ( i.e. . stop working ) . i would recommend seeing if you can unroot the device then perform the update and then put the root back on if you can .
you almost always lose root when installing an ota update . i would keep an eye on rootzwiki or droidforums for someone to confirm that it can be rooted or someone to release a rooted update .
you could use an app like tasker . next to location and time , tasker can also act on certain system events . i use this e.g. to " switch to night mode " when i place my droid2 onto its docking station , turning it ( amongst others ) into " silent " mode . similarly , you can have it react on " bluetooth connected " , and have all volumes adjusted to your convenience -- e.g. notification volume to 0 , but media volume to 6 ( for some music ) . many more possibilities wait there . . .
make sure that you are using dhcp on your phone ; if you have a static dns set and it is the wrong one , you will not be able to browse the web . go to Settings-&gt;Wireless And Network-&gt;Wi-Fi settings , hit the context button ( or right click button , or whatever you call it ) , select Advanced , and make sure Use Static IP is unchecked .
first ensure the phone is using the right password for the network and try rebooting the phone . then play with with your ap , one of these at a time : reboot it ensure mac filtering is not on try disabling any firewall it might have ensure it uses channel 1 or 6 or 11 ( assuming you are in an 11-channel region ) try switching to 2.4 ghz if it is broadcasting on the 5.0 ghz band try switching from wpa to wep encryption or vice-versa try switching to or from mixed mode ( e . g . 802.11 b/g rather than just 802.11b , etc . ) if nothing changes , please provide your phone model and i will try to help further .
assuming that the smartphone connects to the ap as you say , try the following . take the ip of the phone . connect to the same ap your laptop run ping ip_of_phone from cmd ( if you are using win ) or from terminal if you can do a ping means that something is wrong , perhaps with the dns if you can not ping , probably something is wrong with ip assignment . perhaps a two devices have the same ip . a common mistake is that people assign an ip to an ap and do not exlude that ip from the dhcp pool of the router .
every mobile battery has an inbuilt thermistor , ( which is a transducer which varies its resistance with respect to its temperature ) with which the charging circuit constantly measures the battery temperature . it can even prevent charging the battery if the temperature reaches dangerous level and by controlling its temperature , the life of battery is increased . mobile battery has more than two terminals , one of which is for this thermistor . see the image in my question asked in this site .
you can get to the hidden http proxy settings via the ' proxy settings ' app . this should work for http sites and services but android does not currently allow https via proxy ! ? ! ( so no gmail or app downloads ) .
there is an outstanding bug on this , from november 2008 , with no sign of a fix . it is a real pita , and a really obvious issue .
as i see it you have some options . i dont know if they will work though . return your phone if it has an internal error , demand your money back and get another phone . android os is build by google . htc etc . only patches the opensource version of the os from google . so if you want something in android fixed , i think google would be the place to " place your demands " - not that i think it will matter much , but they do have a forum for android too . if you know its an application that made the phone faulty , then dont install that application ? thats what i know/think - dunno if its of much help , but its my answer .
i assume from your posting that resetting the phone fixed the problem ( temporarily ) . if you want the problem fixed for good , you can help by trying to narrow down the problem further . this will allow you to address the right people with a very specific request of what needs to be fixed . you should : try to reproduce the problem . install the apps you previously had on your phone one by one until the problem re-occurs . if you can not reproduce it , there is not much chance of getting this anywhere further . if you can reproduce it : try the offending application on a different type and brand of phone . if the problem exists on all phones , contact the author of the application about the problem and consider raising an issue with google on their issue tracker . otherwise try the offending application on a different phone of the same model and brand . if the problem occurs there too , contact htc telling them which application has that effect and on which phone is does have that effect . also consider filing and issue with google as above . otherwise , if only your phone is affected , it is probably save to assume it is a hardware defect with your phone . return it for repairs .
you must be referring to mobile data . take note that using mobile data on the road will incur data charges per minute or per data size ( consumption ) , depending on your plan . in the samsung galaxy s4 , mobile data can be enabled in Settings &gt; Connections &gt; More networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; Mobile data . see if you can find something similar for the samsung galaxy s . with this checked , you can now surf the internet using your phone .
with a little extra care ( such as taking backups first in case you want to go back ) , if you have root , simply rm-ing the .apk in /system/app is sufficient to remove system apps . take care though , as removing certain apps may cause the system or other apps to crash .
it is not because of cracked screen . it is because something has broke inside , i believe that is causing the battery to lose efficiency . get it checked at the service center , it may cost you much for the screen , as much as half the price of the phone sometimes , so you may want to consider buying another , over repairing . your preference .
it could be that the visible crack is not the only damage to your phone . if a connector is shorting in the screen or another component , that could be draining the battery ( as well as generating heat ) . a short could also cause sparking around the damaged component , which will cause further damage over time . you should get your phone repaired . if you tell the mechanic that you broke the screen by dropping it , they will know to look out for other damage while they disassemble the device .
you can do this with an app called grooveip : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gvoip i have it on my og droid , which is no longer activated on vzw , and use it as my " house phone " with my google voice number .
no , google voice does not work over data . you can use a voip solution or do some complicated things with sip accounts and clients to make use of your voice account over data , but this is not supported by google or the voice app .
you could use gtalksms . it may not be easy to configure for the average user . but if you get the idea , create some xmpp accounts and are able to install one of the many xmpp clients for android on your tablet , you get exactly what you want . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
i have tried several solutions like tablettalk , desksms , but none of them was really reliable . two weeks ago i found mysms which works very similar , but for me works a lot better . you install mysms on your phone and on your tablet ( there is a seperate tablet app for this ) and it immediately syncs your messages from your phone to your tablet . if you send a message from your tablet it will also be synced back to your phone . you get notifications for new messages and have a few settings to optimize them for your use . as far as i know there is no option for forwarding calls , but for texting it is just great !
use tablet talk . i use this between my phone and tablet , and it works flawlessly . auto syncs messages between the two , and forwards texts and calls to the tablet when connected . has lots of settings to autoconnect , and suppress notifications on the phone when it pushes things to the tablet . i have it setup to connect whenever both my phone and tablet are connected to my home wifi network , or when the tablet is tethered to my phone . it even has a floating notification window that you can enable , so you can quickly reply to an incoming text , then get back to whatever you were doing on your tablet . brilliant app , barely use my phone at all any more .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) allows you to send and receive sms messages over xmpp . using an xmpp client on your tablet you can therefore receive and reply to sms messages from your android smartphone . it also allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
you can get your sms off your phone to your tablet via desksms . works well , i have been using it for nearly a year now . it'll also forward your sms to your email and you can reply via email just as if you were texting . phone calls is a bit trickier without google voice . the best android app solution in canada now that gv has closed the 403 area code hack is probably bud phone , which gives you free calling within and to most canadian cities . if memory serves , you can forward your phone to it or it to your regular phone . it is run by freephoneline . ca , which is a pretty reliable voip telco .
for text on your tablet , i found an app on google play called textnow . it gives you " text number " in the area code you want and you can text any number ( all for free and not just for " app to app " text only . . . ) . did you find how to make and receive phone call on a tablet without a sim card ?
if you are in the usa , use google voice - it allows a user to make voice calls while on wifi and also allows sending / receiving sms . also look at tablet talk for your sms needs at least . in early development , there is also phone link if you are working on your tablet , i believe the simplest solution for voice calls is to have a bluetooth handsfree paired with your phone so you can make and receive calls .
you could get heywire on your tablet , its completely free texting , they have small adds in the bottom , but you will hardly ever notice em . they give you a new heywire number though . you dont have to buy it or spend any money at all , you just have to download it and install . it doesnt send your cellphones text messages to your tablet though . ive been using it for months now . its quick and very simple . .
i just fixed it ! i am running a galaxy nexus phone with android 4.3 and i had a similar problem . in addition to saving words like " thibk " and " tou " ( go home , thumbs , you are drunk ) , it somehow ended up containing the word " theyre , " much like op 's " dont . " this drove me insane - how dare the great googly one tell me not to use an apostrophe ? it is my right as an american citizen ! anywho , i went to settings > apps > all > google keyboard and then uninstalled all of the updates to google keyboard , bringing me back to the stock factory settings . it did not delete all of my texts , nor did it mess with my personal dictionary ( "mutha***kin'" is still right where it belongs ) . i am also now running textra instead of swiftkey and i find it much cleaner and easier to use , but that is neither here nor there . anyway , good luck ! dont let them get you down , op !
i just worked out how to do this . if you open a text in messaging , then type the word that autocompletes , long hold , as gil noted , and then select delete , it will then remove all instances in other software . this also means you do not have to clear all your other , correct , auto-completes . i am using 4.4 on a s4
this is a strange solution but it seemed to work ( tested on android 4.4 ) : go to system settings scroll to accounts section click google under privacy section , click search under search and now cards section , click accounts and privacy scroll all the way to the bottom and click search engine storage click clear now try typing one of the words you did not want in your dictionary and it should not appear . it seems like google has not documented that their keyboard now uses suggestions from the personal/user dictionary , their standard dictionaries , and also from their google search and gmail suggestions . i think swiftkey only learns words from your email or texts when you explicitly allow it to . otherwise it learns from your typing . google 's keyboard should probably do that or at least make it clear exactly where the suggestions are coming from .
i fixed it ! the trick was to clear the cache and data for google keyboard . settings => apps => all* => google keyboard => {clear data , clear cache} * be sure to go to ALL instead of RUNNING . the instance under RUNNING will not give you the correct data clearing options .
i had the same issue and found it a couple of months ago . you should go to : settings > > language and input > > personal dictionary . choose the language which the incorrect word was stored and then a list of all personal words will be there . just choose it and then delete ( or you can also edit , it is up to you ) . this path was used for my nexus 4 4.4.2 kit kat ( the same of yours ) . other brand 's android version may be quite different .
i found out on my samsung note3 that i had to deselect the google voice guided ( my translation is " google spraakgesturud ty . . " after that i could hold and delete words from the dictonary .
long press on the word when you type it and see it above keyboard . you will be given an option to delete it from learned words . android 4.3
i finally found the solution in this tutorial in french : http://forum.frandroid.com/topic/180104-tuto-flash-arnova-10dg3-rom-uberoid-jeally-bean-411-root%c3%a9e/ it seems like the firmware from arnova is somehow incomplete . i installed a rooted rom .
if you go to settings > apps , there will be a list of installed applications . if you press the menu button on that page , you can sort the applications by their size . note that this size includes both the program files ( apk ) and stored data ( databases , private saved files excluding those on sd card ) .
that sounds like a known problem updating apps which were moved to the sd-card using app2sd . it does not always happen -- but if it does , a helpful work-around is : move the app back to internal memory run the update ( should work now ) move the app to sd again ( optional -- if you want it to be on the external sd )
as far as i know there is no way that you can limit the ability of the phone to edit content . that said there are many steps you can take to ensure that somebody will not be able to get to the stage where they can delete your content and dealing with it if it happens : setup a pin number on your sim setup a lock screen on your phone install an application like seekdroid and give it admin access so that you can remote wipe your phone if you lose it install two factor authentication on all accounts which support it ( google , dropbox , facebook certainly do atm . others may ) make regular backups of anything you would be lost without , and store those backups in the cloud or in multiple places do not use the same password more than once . i use lastpass to ensure that all my passwords are all over 20 random characters . you should really follow all of these steps - it adds a bit of overhead to some tasks , but i certainly favour the security over the convenience .
that is an issue for the cloud service providers ( google , dropbox , facebook , etc . etc . ) . suggestion : if they have so much storage , then only an elevated login should be able to permanently delete / re-password , etc . final thought : however , there is just as much havoc in all your information being disclosed ( copied , publicly released ) , as in it being deleted .
basically the proximity sensor gives 1 if it is covered , 0 if not . so you just want to use the state to detect it , then run a task for activating the password .
and the answer is pretty simple , use cp instead of mv )
all android web browser do not support multiselect feature , so you couldnot select more than one picture or download links at same time and add them to download manager . selections limited only for text on web pages .
there is an app doing this on android : website downloader . you can easily download the page you want and view it offline on android devices .
personally i usually just click the link of the file and it downloads . as for the image : try long pressing but instead of choosing " save as " look for " copy link url " or " open in new window " or something similar to those two menu options . " copy link url " should copy the url of the file to your clipboard , then you can paste that link in the address bar and hit " go " and it should download your file . " open in new window " should essentially do the same thing ( i am just trying to give you as many options as i can to try ) . if you click on the link it may not take you anywhere but to a blank page while the file downloads . so to check your download list : you may have already tried this but to see if the file was downloaded you can open your browser , open the menu , then select " more " , you should see " downloads " . this is where your downloaded files list is . another way you could check is to look in the " downloads " folder on your sdcard ( /sdcard/downloads/ ) using es file explorer or some other file explorer . if this is not a solution let me know and give an example of what you are trying to accomplish and i will try to figure it out .
i have struggled with this same issue , though in my case i wanted to save a text file ( . txt ) that i had open in the chrome browser on android 4.4 . x ( kit kat ) . after reading this and other questions posted i realised that neither chrome , the google applications , nor the standard android tools would allow me to simply save a text file from a url . to save a text file from a url to the file storage on my android device i used the file explorer application es file explorer . within es file explorer there is a download manager that allows you to download any file from a given url to the file storage on your device .
what android os version are you running ? and what kind of file does the image link to ? on 2.3.4 the browser offers me " save link " and " save image " as two options when i click on an image that is a link ( e . g . on the image link to the main page at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_browser ) but in earlier versions of android it was different . e.g. in 1.5 , i just see " save image " and " view image " , so there is no direct way in the default browser to save the web page which the image links to . as matthew notes , the file type can also matter . on my 2.3.4 phone it asked me if i wanted to save a file for which there was no handler . e.g. for an xml file it said " the content is not supported on the phone . no application can be found to open this file . do you still want to download it ? " for earlier phones and some kinds of files you may need to install an app which can handle the file . " download crutch " is no longer in the market , but there seem to be others that would be suitable .
you can see the list of files you saved/downloaded in Menu &gt; More &gt; Downloads . all downloaded files are automatically saved in the /sdcard/download directory .
the android browser by default can only download files that the android system " recognizes " ( i.e. . , there has to be a program registered to handle that file type ) . it is a stupid restriction in my opinion , but you can install download crutch to overcome this limitation ( it registers itself for every filetype ) . if you are referring to images that link to something else and you want to save the something else , long-press on the image and choose " save link as " or similar .
figured it out . originally synced it with " my music " folder option and no playlists showed up . restarted with option of " itunes " and in a few minutes my playlists showed up without having to resync all the music .
from my post to the link gathrawn called out ; encrypt the phone&#39 ; s internal storage android 3 ( honeycomb ) offers full system encryption natively . however , as it is only for tablets at this point i will post some other avenues . there was some work done on this for the g1 using luks and cryptsetup . i think i have seen this on a moto droid rom too , but you will definitely need root . it is not trivial to do , and there is not too much interest so popular roms like cyanogenmod do not provide for this natively . there are some apps in the market that support encrypted file stores ( check out lock files . i have no idea how transparent that is on the system however . to your italicized point on remote wipe . there are many solutions for this . if you are using exchange you can push this with activesync , if not apps like lookout , and more provide remote wipe and other functions . there are even manual ways w/ dyndns and a listening ssh server .
most barcode readers can recognize addresses . for calendar entries , this might vary ; but give qr droid a try , which promises not only to read , but also create them : contacts , bookmarks , apps , geo-locations , events , and even sms can be encoded as well as decoded . also 2d barcodes ( on products ) should be supported .
in short , you can not . while a user can limit access and usage of certain applications , an application is unable to limit options/menus inside another application , unless an api is provided to that end . using other words , " external " applications are not able to know what to do within the settings application , in order to follow your desired instructions . have it said , the only way one could achieve such control , would be by preparing a custom rom with those features present . the reason as to why settings diverge from device to device is due to the different device 's specifications and hardware features , that the os detects and uses to control the presentation of certain menu options within the system settings .
afaik , the settings app is just a regular app but with a protected system permission level ( normal apps are not allowed to request system permissions ) . android is open source so you can download the source , create a modified settings app , and install it as a protected system app ( which is needed so it can obtain system permission , needs root ) . to be precise , for the system to grant system permissions , the app must be installed in the /system/app directory as opposed to the normal app install directory .
yes , adding a second account and disabling sync on the original one will work as you are expecting . you will retain the ability to install and use apps you purchase with the original account , while having the sync enabled only on your wife 's account will ensure the data from your own account is not present on her phone .
i would do a factory reset , and then add both your account , and your wife 's . this is not much different than chahk 's answer , but might be a tad safer -- who knows what weird customizations you might have made to your phone that will surprise your wife ?
there is no native way to do this , as android simply does not support it . any wallpaper which is not a live wallpaper will be displayed as a static image . specifically , romain guy notes in a comment on the android issue tracker that all regular wallpapers are saved as png images after cropping . there is no way to change this behaviour aside from modifying the android source code . there are some third-party apps that will allow you to use an animated gif as a wallpaper , such as animgif live wallpaper . the downside , though , is that i believe all of these will be live wallpaper applications , which sort of defeats the purpose .
ok the answer here is simple - you need to use the out of office function in outlook . the true out of office function does not show up as a calendar entry it just flags you as away to anyone who tries to contact you . is there a reason why this is not being used ? what version of outlook are you using ? i am good on anything since 2007 .
you can go inside the google calendar , either through a pc or a mobile and click ' display calendars ' above settings , and then choose which one ( s ) to show . if it is unchecked , it means you are going to hide the specific calendar .
propably this could give you a hint : we have 3 accounts : company@gmail.com buddy1@gmail . com buddy2@gmail . com buddy1 and buddy2 added company@gmail.com 's calendar as an external calendar ( granted by company@gmail.com ) buddy1 adds an event and sets it as " private " and " available " --> company and buddy2 see nothing ! buddy1 adds an event and sets it as " private " and " busy " --> company and buddy2 see the appointment but can not read it is title or content , buddy1 of course can see his own appointment !
this is really awkward to fix , i know because i have been in your exact situation . it depends a lot on just how different the contact storage on your old rom was from how it is now . obviously your contacts are there somewhere in that cwm backup , the problem is just how to get them out . i do not have a very specific answer on how to solve this ( just asking for the contact info again will probably solve your problem faster ) , but here are some pointers : the file system is most likely yaffs2 , so you need to read this file system somehow . one of the first things i found on google was yaffey - utility for reading , editing and writing yaffs2 images - you could probably use this to access your backup image and from there extract your contact data . depending on your current and old format , this might be easy or hard . what do we learn from this ? extracting contacts is an absolute pain from system images created in cwm . use titanium backup and/or always make sure your contacts sync against the cloud . local contacts are the devils work .
you have not mentioned what version of android you are using . in android 's settings , go to wireless and networks > mobile networks and uncheck the option to use data . you will still be able to use wifi . edit : as an alternative , get an app like apndroid which effectively renames your mobile data apn ( access point name ) , thereby disabling the data connection .
dial *#*#4636#*#* go to phone information and click disable data connection .
" data roaming " just refers to using data when connected to a foreign network ( i.e. . not your providers " home network" ) . there should be another option available for " mobile network " or " mobile data " ( the phrasing may differ between devices ) , as the following screenshot shows : look out for the red frame at the end . if you find something similar , remove the checkmark . if not , simply remove it everywhere where it sound similar . remember which ones you removed , then enable them again one by one until you find the " evil doer " .
as states whatsapp faq : this is a complicated process , if you need further explanation , please read the details below . make sure your phone is connected to the internet . make sure your date and time are correct . your sd card could be causing problems : ensure there is plenty of free space on the sd card . backup the contents of your " whatsapp " folder on the sd card , delete it , create a new " whatsapp " folder and put the contents back . check if you can copy files to the sd card . if you could not copy files to your sd card but you have free space on the card , you may need to reformat ( erase ) the card : backup all sd card data onto your computer . if you are sure you want to erase all data on your sd card , reformat it . still not working ? check out our detailed explanation below . details before we begin , we ask you to double check ( and even triple check ) that your phone has an active internet connection with a strong signal . try loading a webpage to make sure . if you are certain that your phone is connected ( try connecting to different wi-fi hotspots and/or 3g ) , keep reading . please also check that your date and time are set correctly . if your date is incorrect , you will not be able to connect to our servers to download your media . see how to correctly set your date here . sometimes whatsapp may have difficulty saving files to your sd card . follow these steps to help : make sure there is enough space on your sd card . if your sd card is full , whatsapp cannot save anything to it , so you may want to delete a few files to make room . ensure your sd card is not set to read only . try saving a file to your sd card that is not from whatsapp . if the file saves , your card is not read-only and you should be able to save files downloaded from whatsapp to it . if you cannot save anything , your card is set to read only . you will need to change this ; please check your phone’s manual for instructions . if there is enough free space and you can save files to your sd card , but you still cannot download any files to it from whatsapp , you may need to delete whatsapp data from your sd card : warning : this will erase all whatsapp chat history backups and downloaded files . this would be a good time to back up your whatsapp data . to back up your whatsapp data , copy the " whatsapp " folder on your sd card to your computer . open the sd card folder on your phone and delete the " whatsapp " folder . all of your whatsapp media is now erased . whatsapp will still open - and your chats will still be there - but your media ( photos , videos , audio ) will be gone . restart your phone . whatsapp should be able to save your downloaded files now . still reading ? remember step 2 , when you checked to see if your sd card was read only ? if you could not save any files to it , your sd card may be corrupted . in this case , you may need to reformat your sd card . this means erasing the entire sd card and resetting it : extra warning : this will erase all data on your sd card . once you format the sd card you will not be able to get back your data . if possible , backup anything on the sd card . one way to do this is to plug the sd card into a computer with an sd card reader , and copy the files over . on your android phone , go to settings > storage . if it exists , tap unmount storage card . tap format sd card or erase sd card . reboot your phone . if all of these steps did not work , it may be that there is an issue with your microsd card . you may need to purchase a new microsd card in order to save/send files .
i solved it by these steps : uninstaling clearing cache restarting the phone re-installing whatsapp
on my dashboard it shows my devices and a list of application data that is stored on the server . do you have backup enabled to google servers ? it is usually a setting in the privacy menu .
that phone would most likely be tied to verizon , if it is from a contract . you would first need to root and unlock the phone - so that it can be used with other networks - before you can flash cm on it .
i finally figured out how to fix this . i do not know if this is the best way to do this , and if this is unique to just this phone , but here 's what worked for me : rebooted the phone unlocked it at the lock screen that popped up when i came to the activation setup pages , i pulled down the notifications shade " quick settings " > > " all settings " > > home button i am not sure how exactly this worked ( glitch or bug , maybe ? ) , but it did . thanks for all the help !
kindle fire does not have phone support , camera support , maps and also some few hardware support . so when your are trying to install those apps it will show \u201cyour device isn't compatible with this version\u201d  solution : look for apps which are supported by the kindle fire and then you can download it via amazon store or google play .
the kindle fire does not support google play or jelly bean . i would guess that is the root of your problem . you are trying to run an application that does not work on a device with an os that it was not meant to run . edit : if you are attempting to install them via the market web page front end then you are only doing the latter of the above . either way though the official market does not support the kindle fire , you have to use amazons app store . which i suspect also may not work since you installed an unsupported os on your device .
use titanium backup , which lets you disable/remove apps like that . or , flash a new rom that does not include gapps , download a gapps package and remove the play store , then flash that modified package .
no , the bootloader has no bearing on a sim/network lock . the htcdev site explicitly states this on the bootloader unlock page , in fact : please note that unlocking your bootloader does not mean that you will be able to unlock the sim lock . unlocking your sim lock is at the discretion of your operator/carrier and is not part of the bootloader unlocking scope . the reverse is also true , but the main point is that the two concepts are unrelated .
i have discovered a solution for this problem . the only apparent way around it is to change the keyboard from the default keyboard to the swype keyboard . click here if you would like to know what swype is ; at first i was a little dubious , but it really is quite marvellous and accurate ! why this resolves the problem , i do not know , but i am just happy that it does and am certain that this will provide some respite to those of you who are also experiencing this annoying problem .
you can find your cached videos here : /data/data/com . facebook . katana/files/video-cache nb : to open that path , you will need your phone to be rooted and a root explorer
on my device running 2.2 froyo , that method ( from 2.1 ) was replaced by long-pressing on text to select it . two " handles " appear at each end of the selection , and you can drag them wherever you want ( e . g . to the top and the bottom ) . maybe try that . if it does not work , what android version are you using ?
you can try it in other modes than power saving . to make you phone in vibrate only mode , hit the volume keys till the volume bars come down and shows the vibrate mode . yes when on vibrate mode all notification via whatsapp or fb messenger will be via vibration only .
i was having the same problem with the vibration for my phone even when vibration was turned on for calls/texts/etc until i realized it was because the vibration intensity was turned all the way down . go to settings , click on sound , then click on vibration intensity and make sure it is turned up .
power saving mode ( by default ) turns off some vibration , but it should only turn off the " haptic feedback " vibration ( vibration when you touch certain ui controls ) . you can change that by going to settings , power saving mode , and unchecking " turn off haptic feedback " . that is the mode i run my sgs3 in all the time . to get vibration working for text messages , you also need to enable vibration in the settings of the Messaging app itself ( i am not sure which settings you were referring to when you said that you " went into settings and enabled everything that has the word " vibrate " in it" ) . to do that , go to the conversation list in the messaging app ( not an individual conversation ) , hit the menu button , then select settings . look for the " notification settings " section and check " vibrate " . to get vibration working for incoming calls , there is a similar setting in the Phone app . launch the Phone app , make sure you are on the Keypad , Logs , or Favorites tab , tap the menu button , select Call settings . then select Ringtones and keypad tones and select Incoming call vibration . the Device vibration will let you modify the vibration pattern used ( so you can tell an incoming call from a text message / email ) . to get to the Phone and Messaging apps : press the " home " button at the bottom of the phone ( the physical button in the middle ) . that brings you to your home screen . the touch the " apps " button ( it looks like 9 square white dots , and is usually on the lower right of the home screen ) . that will bring up a list of all applications installed on the phone . scroll through looking for an app named Messaging ( or Phone ) . the icon for the Messaging app looks like a white envelope with a yellow piece of paper coming out of it . the icon for the Phone app looks like a green square with a white phone receiver on it . tap the app icon , then follow the instructions for each app above to activate vibration for text messaging and incoming calls .
simple things the obvious group of settings that needs to be changed ( simply by selecting the appropriate value ) is the interface language , time zone . keyboard one unexpected difficulty is the input method . the factory samsung os ( from another region ) does not include a samsung russian keyboard , nor does it include the standard android keyboard ( which might have a russian keyboard ) . further complication : the standard android keyboard cannot be installed separately ! as a solution , i chose to install anysoftkeyboard ( which is also available on f-droid , which guarantees it is free/open-source , can be rebuilt from sources , and has been inspected by more people for not having spying features ) . then in its settings menu , i chose to download a russian pack . mobile networks and internet for internet to work , one needs to set up an apn ( for example , for megafon , a russian mobile operator , one needs to add a new apn with " internet " as the value for the field " apn " -- the only essential field ; and select it ) . ( regressions ) ( still , as compared to samsung galaxy s sold in russia , this one has much more unstable connection to the mobile network ( loses the connection , i.e. , is offline very often ) . perhaps , this can be solved by upgrading the rom/modem firmware from the present android 2.2 i9000xxjpk ( kernel 2.6.32.9 ) froyo . xxjpk . )
what if you used tasker/locale with this plugin ? you could then turn off data using apndroid .
what i would suggest is that you flash your device with odin , your files such as mp3 , pictures and videos would be untouched , basically every file on the internal sd memory would be untouched , if you have your contacts synced with google you should be able to get it back . but this would void your warranty sorry i assumed you could boot into recovery or had hit a boot loop , this might not work but is worth a try , you could try clean the terminals on the phone and the battery ( i have had instances where my s2 just would not boot and this helped )
i believe there is no such feature available . you can either enable the sync which will sync all your albums or to not to sync at all .
you might want to take a look at autowipe for that : use autowipe to automatically and permanently wipe your internal and external data by doing a factory reset . enterprise and business users should find this useful ! this is meant to be used in case your device gets stolen , misplaced , or lost . automatically wipes for : failed passwords to unlock screen , sms password received , subscriber id changed ( sim card ) . use the new integrated test mode to test all these cases . locks the screen while wiping . the app does not require root , according to its playstore description . ( click to enlarge )
deodexed roms do not have the . odex files integrated into the . apk 's , they are removed . what eldareathis meant in his answer to the other question is that the reliance of the . apk 's on the . odex files is removed ; some information is integrated back into the . apk , but not the actual . odex file itself . the deodexing section of this page has technical details : http://code.google.com/p/smali/wiki/deodexinstructions deodexed roms may be slightly slower because of this ; however i believe that as the dalvik cache is built up from using the rom , the performance gap is minimized .
i find ourgroceries pretty good . syncs to web site and multiple phones so you can share lists with your partner or house mates . free version has ads but they are not too over the top .
http://cozi.com/ is pretty good too .
is something like this available somewhere ? not at the moment , although there are a couple vim-style text editor : vim touch avim editor however these are currently implemented as an application , not as an ime . what would it take to develop it ? what places in android must be modified ? is there some easy plugin framework where you just fill in some functions and you provide a new text editing method ? android provides the framework for creating custom keyboard ( officially known as ime ) . anyone that is interested in creating a vim-style ime for android should check out creating input method .
answer to your first question : no specific processes needed . when you connect your sdcard to pc via sdcard reader , you can see a new drive is mounted on you pc . just copy necessary files to pc and similarly copy same files to new sdcard . answer to your first question : yes . your mobile will recognize your new sdcard when you mount it to your mobile .
another thing you need to consider if you have no google account is what to do about your contacts and calendar . since you are not going to synchronize your phone contacts and calendar with google , you need another solution . a good option is to keep your data in outlook on your computer and use akruto sync to synchronize it with your phone . akruto sync runs on your computer , allowing your android phone to connect directly to your computer across the internet , the same way it connects to google , except that you are not sharing your information with anyone . your outlook contacts and calendar are always up-to-date on your phone and they stay private .
most after-market roms ship without google apps by default . take a look at e.g. cyanogenmod , which is available for many devices . so if you can install custom roms , that is one way to go . a different approach would be disabling all google apps , or even remove them ( on a rooted device ) . this might be a little more tricky as you would have to figure out all dependencies yourself .
you first have to convert both dates to seconds using variable convert . then subtract those two values to get the number of seconds between the two dates and convert that value to the number of days by /24/60/60 ( hours/minutes/seconds ) . here is a sample task that illustrates using 08-01-2014 as %startdate and today ( %date ) which is 08-23-2014 as %today . the result is 22 days . a1: variable set [ name:%startdate to:08-01-2014 do maths:off append:off ] a2: variable convert [ name:%startdate function:date time to seconds store result in:%startdateinseconds ] a3: variable set [ name:%today to:%date do maths:off append:off ] a4: variable convert [ name:%today function:date time to seconds store result in:%todayinseconds ] a5: variable set [ name:%secondssince to:%todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds do maths:on append:off ] a6: variable set [ name:%dayssince to:%secondssince / 24 / 60 / 60 do maths:on append:off ] you could shorten this a bit by eliminating a3 and replacing %today with %date in a4 . also , you could combine a5 and a6 by using ( %todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds ) / 24 / 60 / 60 . i split it up only to show the individual steps better .
while it cannot switch the default app for something , tasker can still do this . llama may be able to do it also , but you will have to set it up like this : set the stock dialer as default . make a tasker profile that enables when you are connected to wifi and triggers when you open the dialer-- the triggered action could then be to open your wifi calling app . i hope that works--
a friend had this issue with his new htc desire z . it had this issue right out of the box . the only solution he found was resetting the device to the factory settings . if you try that , make sure you have a backup of your data ! the app mybackup pro ( non free ) has always worked for me . . . .
i believe this feature is called text reflow and is not an actual a feature of android but more of htc . the htc browser reflows the text as you zoom in . this can get very annoying especially because after reflowing it can move your focus area to the closesr text not what you were zooming into . my personal pick for an alternative browser is dolphin browser™ mini . it has both the functionality you are missing in the stock htc browser but also the speed you expect when loading webpages and launching the browser . dolphin browser™ mini
it looks like you can not turn off this feature . just as an " other-side-of-the-coin " perspective , i find that the reformatting does what i want and expect nearly all of the time , in that when i finish zooming , the text i am looking at fills the screen at the size i have zoomed to . your options seem limited , then , to : trying one of the other browsers available in the market , or lobbying htc to fix their browser , or learning to love the way the htc browser does it . . . edit : this does appear to be an htc feature , not stock android . amusingly , the first site i have noticed where the feature does not work right is htc . com itself , on the very page describing its benefits . . .
the first problem was that fastboot did not connect to my pc . this was solved by changing computer to one with a usb 2.0 . the problem i had with my recovery was solved by flashing the recovery partition again and cleaning the cache ( forget that the first time ) . fastboot flash recovery clockworkrec.img fastboot erase cache  after this i was able to get into recovery mode . i then had a problem where android revolution hd did not install and my htc one m7 was stuck in a bootloop . this was solved by installing twrp instead of cwm recovery , and by changing s-on to s-off . i was then able to install android revolution hd . thanks for the comments and many thanks to " bored_stupid " on xda-developers who solved the installation problem for me .
if you do not have a nandroid backup , you will have to find a stock rom for your device . your device is not that well-known , the only resource i could find is on xda-developers . there you can find information on how to use odin to flash a stock rom ( post #5 ) . in the future , creating a nandroid backup is always recommended before flashing a rom , just in case something happens or you want to go back .
short answer is : you can not . the feature relies on a service called geocoding , which is done on google 's servers . the only possibility for this to be done locally would be to download the entire map data to the device and use that data to calculate the coordinates from an address . this is a resource and space consuming task ( for example , openstreetmap has a dataset of 370gb ) , and not suitable for mobiles . a workaround would be to save the coordinates themselves as a street address in the form latitude,longitude , e.g. 62.244858,25.758712 in addition to the regular address and use this " address " to show the map . the catch is , you had still have to use a geocoder to resolve the address to coordinates . all address fields are sent to google to be resolved , that is why the workaround i suggested is invalid .
if it is an usb keyboard , it can be directly connected to the microusb port of your android device using an otg cable . if your device is otg capable ( most devices of the current generation are , so chances are pretty good ) , it should be detected automatically . that is what i do with my tablets ( running android 4.1 ) and a tablet-case with integrated keyboard , to transform them into a mini-notebook – it works fantastic ! as a usb keyboard usually does not have bluetooth integrated , the bt approach would require some kind of adapter . i will not say there is no such thing , but at least i have never heard of any .
the problem is with stock keyboard app/service . it can not be fixed by normal means . simply , use third-party soft keyboard apps viz . swiftkey , go keyboard ex , a.i. type keyboard , hacker 's keyboard etc .
i have searched for the same thing , and unfortunately , have not come up with much of anything . what i have settled for is turning off auto-rotate , and only using it for apps where i really need rotation . i do recall there being an app which allows setting auto-rotate on and off on a per-app basis . i believe it is called smart auto-rotate .
part of what jlehenbauer wrote is correct in that adw only gives you an option to have auto rotation or to keep your home screen in portrait or landscape mode . depending on how many home screens and what widgets and types of widgets , folders etc you have on your homescreen it will determine the amount of memory your home screen requires and how long it takes to refresh it when it rotates between landscape and portrait and thus how quick it does it . the iphone does not have widgets ( the main cause ) and thus it is quicker at doing this . due to some widgets htc sense actually locks the home screen in portrait mode and does not allow you to change it . currently i am using go laucher where i have experienced what you say - the home screen refreshing on orientation , however as stated you can speed this up by removing widgets , especially any scrollable ones . try setting up one of your home screens as blank , and then see how much faster it will switch between the two states . the only time i have sensitivity options and more than just portrait , landscape or auto for the home screen is on a cyanogen rom . however you would be looking at rooting . i have not checked out every launcher app available , so its possible you might find a better alternative . in regards to app killers - no longer necessary unless you have a rogue app ( in which case would seriously suggest removing it full stop ) , all they do is drain your battery .
really the only things you could do is lock the rotation of the screen from the " settings/display " menu , so you would not have to deal with rotation , or start freeing up space on your device . this process will be taken care of by the available memory , so if you have a lot of things running , it will be sluggish . the iphone was speedy at this previously because it did not have the ability to run things in the background , and since gaining this ability has found a similar stumble . a good appkiller will help , and i find deleting old , unused apps every now and then helps system speed .
it was current data usage from settings > data usage > show on lockscreen .
i recently installed cyanogenmod on a galaxy note 8 . what worked for me was to copy cyanogenmod to an microsd card . then with microsd plugged into phone , boot the clockwork , and install from sd card . hope that helps ! !
the errno global variable concept is not bluetooth specific but comes from the ( posix ) system calls used by BluetoothSocket.cpp . your log shows that the system call accept() failed , because it returned -1 ( negative values usually indicate an error ) . additionally accept() also set the errno to 125 . if you look at the related definition in the linux sources , you find that it maps to ecanceled : #define ECANCELED 125 /* Operation Canceled */  see also wikipedia on errno . h posix errno . h
that is possible . just create a filter where mails from the adress xyz immediately will be deleted . as soon as you want to receive the mails again just delete the filter . ( when you create a filter in the gmail web interface the filters take effect everywhere ; on your galaxy , too . )
thanks for advice , problem was with ms exchange . i had to delete ms exchange account and recreate after this exchange asked me about permission for account and everything works fine .
i had the same problem with my lg optimus 4x p880 : whenever i wanted to make a call , the screen was going to off position ; only after finishing the call it turned back on . i think it is nothing but a software problem in android version 4.1.2 . so i rolled back from 4.1.2 jelly bean to 4.0.3 icecream sandwich . now my phone is working properly .
i have a samsung charge , and was able to disable the annoying " battery full " notification by using tasker . as others have stated , the tasker solution i used is not specific to disabling only the batteryfull notification when reached , but it does limit the amount of time notifications are disabled and when . what i did with tasker : contexts-power , time between 11p-6a , battery between 99-100% . . . task - disable notification contexts - power , time between 11p-6a , battery full . . . task - enable notification . this should limit the amount of time notifications are disabled to only a few minutes , since it only takes that long to charge the battery from 99 to 100% .
since updating my sgs from 2.2 to 2.3 , i no longer get the charged notification sound , so i am assuming they fixed the issue .
try sound manager . schedule volumes of types of sounds with it ( 6 categories ) . switch off notification ( battery full , e-mail notification etc . ) volume from 12 to 7 while leaving untouched ring and media volumes and you are all set . works on my brandnew samsung galaxy s2 . slept well last night without a disturbance ! i used to swich to buzz only before going to sleep and to remember to switch it back to ring in the morning . sleep well !
you could use ' gravitybox ' ( xposed module ) that has an option for exactly that ! ( under power tweaks-> battery charge sound tick ) for information on how to install it , view a similar post here
set the global notifications to silent . set the notification on messaging to any ringtone ( not default ) . repeat ( 2 ) for any other app you want notifications for . you will still have a tone when you 1st plug the phone in to the charger , but no tone when it is fully charged . of course , this is not a perfect solution since you need to manually set every other app , and presumably some will not have individual notification settings .
from what i can find , there is no way to turn it off : no solution in the samsung galaxy s forum no solution in the vodafone forum tasker can not suppress it however , one commenter notes
i stumbled upon this question because i want to recharge my phone at night next to my bed . therefore , i do not want it to wake me , but setting the phone to silent does not solve it , as i want to be reachable for emergency calls . my solution ( which is not strictly a correct answer to the question , but might solve the problem for most people ) was using the app " night ringer free " , which enables me to enter a whitelist for calls/sms , however , all other sounds are silenced .
from the xda developers forum , i have implemented this solution successfully on my samsung galaxy s epic 4g ( with gingerbread . ei22 and also gingerbread . el30 ) , which has eliminated the " battery fully charged . unplug charger " notifications from my phone . the solution offers the following three features : stops the vibration . silences the sound . prevents the screen from turning on in the middle of the night . best of all , you may choose to implement any ( or all ) of the three features above . good luck !
i know it is not perfect but i use an app called " nightstand bold " and click the " mute notifications " . i use this as my clock when i sleep . this does also silence sms but i do not mind generally . it will not silence alarms though . anyway i hope this helps .
i do not want to steal from @martin sherburn , but this app that he recommended in a comment does the trick for me . it does not keep the screen from lighting up , but it does silence the notification .
i found something in these forums that involves rooting your phone to accomplish this task . keep in mind this is specifically for the droid charge . however , you may be able to apply it your phone . the basic principle involves rooting your phone and changing some system sound files with root explorer . there was another answer that involved rooting your phone and installing a custom rom , but i would wager that this is possible without the custom rom . installing the custom rom is the much more difficult step in my opinion ( although i have personally done it ) .
haptic feedback is still there . go to settings > my device > sound and it should be around the bottom of the options . it is labled haptic-feedback your keyboard should have its own option , but it depends on the particular keyboard . samsung keyboard : click on the ' cog ' icon beside the space bar . click ' vibration ' . swiftkey : settings > sound and vibration > keypress vibration .
whn u want to type , there is the choose option input method that comes on the crossbar . . click it then click setup input method then click the setting on samsung keypad then scroll down to advanced option . . click it then disable key tap sound . . that easy
there are several interesting browser shortcuts available : ( source : android browser keyboard shortcuts )
if by " downloads available " you mean a os upgrade , that is because those are not official releases , and since kies is an official samsung application they do not provide unofficial releases . currently , the last official release for the samsung galaxy s is android 2.2 froyo . if you are referring to " official releases " and your os is &lt ; 2.2 , then you can have some variant system , for which there is no firmware upgrade , or you can have some problems with a not-up-to-date kies version . also , check this thread out !
because the updates that kies offers you depend from whom and where you bought your phone . if you bought the phone in a shop , you purchased normally a country or region specific version . these versions get the update from samsung one by one . for the galaxy s you can lookup the release status here . if you purchased your phone together with an carrier contract , chances are that you have an branded firmware . then it is the carrier decision when to release an update . you normally also get a reduced set of functionality on branded firmware , like disabled tethering . the firmware images that you find on the net are mostly leaked pre-version of the upcoming update .
it was necessary to completely wipe all system data before flashing the rom . once i did that , the file was found as normal .
it looks like a whatsapp problem . your best bet would be to raise this concern with whatsapp themselves . there is no guarantee that they had fix it , but this is not google / android issue either ( from a general perspective ) . developers should follow " best practices " when developing android apps . update 2013-10-07: this issue has been discussed in xda , and it is because of how whatsapp handles notifications ( no specific details given ) . in that thread , there is a possible solution using the light flow app .
since you have no access to the ui , the option would be using the adb shell . note : the adb shell will only work if usb debugging was previously enabled ! connect your device with the usb cable . ( install drivers if needed ) use a terminal ( or cmd if in windows ) change to your adb location directory . run the following to do a recovery wipe : adb shell &gt; recovery --wipe_data 
the short answer is that the nexus phones are the most updateable - not only do they get more updates then the other phones , but they also get more support from the community in general . case in point , though google has announced that the nexus one will not get ics , cyanogenmod will be providing it . other then the nexus phones , i think it is best to stick to the high volume devices , particularly the flagship devices that are sold in many countries . these are much more likely to get the attention necessary to push the manufacturer to release updates and to release the drivers . and finally , you can look at the cyanogenmod list of supported devices . i tend to check this list before buying or recommending a new device .
your server has to be able to communicate with the phone somehow to send the wipe message , either by a phone network connection , or if it is connected to one of its saved wifi connections . not 100% sure about the android implementation , but normally the message will queue up and be received when the phone comes into coverage . the phone also has to be switched on at some point , or it'll never be received . this is a limitation of all phones that have remote wipe capability ( eg windows phone , blackberry , etc ) . it can not send the signal by magic !
click the notification which will open Data usage settings and move the orange warning bar above data usage level . next warning will appear when the warning level is exceeded again .
if it were me , i would remove apps one at a time to see if that made the problem go away . i realize this is a huge pain .
there are two possible reasons : a . something is wrong with your hardware . unlikely since you are saying putting device to sleep and resuming fixes this problem for a while . b . something is wrong with your software . most probably it is misbehaving third-party software . you can try to diagnose this as following : visit " developer options " under settings , and enable the following : 1.1 show touches - you will see if your touches are registered on os level at all . 1.2 show cpu usage if you see that your touches are registered , but cpu usage is high , try the following options , also under debugging : 2.1 show all anrs 2.2 do not keep activities 2.3 background process limit : no background processes setting " show all anrs " may point you to a misbehaving background process . and disabling background activities may help you understand if the problem is a background process at all . the settings above are useful only for debugging , disable them as soon as you fixed this issue , as they may interfere badly with legitimate software that needs to run in the background . install android sdk on a computer , connect your phone and use " adb logcat " to see a logging trace of your phone . it may provide invaluable insight into what is going on behind the scenes there .
this link contains the parts where you can intervene / add your own functionality the rough flow is power on > bootloader > kernel > init process > system server > boot complete at the bootloader stage , the following is run : a . the first boot loader stage will detect and set up external ram . b . once external ram is available and the system is ready the to run something more significant the first stage will load the main boot loader and place it in external ram . c . the second stage of the boot loader is the first major program that will run . this may contain code to set up file systems , additional memory , network support and other things . on a mobile phone it may also be responsible for loading code for the modem cpu and setting up low level memory protections and security options . d . once the boot loader is done with any special tasks it will look for a linux kernel to boot . it will load this from the boot media ( or some other source depending on system configuration ) and place it in the ram . it will also place some boot parameters in memory for the kernel to read when it starts up . e . once the boot loader is done it will perform a jump to the linux kernel , usually some decompression routine , and the kernel assumes system responsibility . here 's another link ( more on the linux side ) on the topic with references : elinux website answer this comment stood out to me : in general it is quite tricky to create a boot loader for an existing phone since they often come with tailor made boot loaders from the manufacturer . to add to the difficulty they also have security features that aim to prevent you from downloading your own bootloader . however , if you have an open platform you need an initial bootloader stage and a main bootloader able to start and/or flash software to the device . for the main bootloader you probably want to check out u-boot , http://www.denx.de/wiki/u-boot . the initial bootloader stage needed to start u-boot need to be aware of the boot-protocol in the hardware requiring some documentation or reverse engineering in order to create or download a suitable one . to sum things up reprogramming of existing phones is often more work than its worth unless you are really interested in which case there are a lot of forums dedicated to that sort of thing .
my question is is there a way to force a particular android apps for android version below 4 to run in the background when the phone is sleeping ? it depends on the app . if it can run in background , just press Home button , or open any other app ( i.e. . : without exiting this app ) , it will be running in background . i should be able to call those android apps that i specific to run in the background to come to the foreground for me to interact with . just open that app again ( i.e. . : switch to that app ) . it will start working in foreground again .
it is up to the developer of an app to specify what it should do in the background . apps have two kinds of component . ( actually , there are more kinds , but they are irrelevant to the question . ) the first , activities , can display on the screen , and can only run in the foreground . however , when you leave an activity with the home key , it gets an opportunity to save its state , so when you next run the same activity , it can appear in the same state you left it . ( for example , an email app might display the same email you were looking at before , instead of going back to the inbox . ) the second kind , services , run in the background , and do not display on the screen . they have to be written in a different way to activities , to make sure they do not run down the battery , and they have some control over when they start and stop running . if an app does not save its state , or gives an error when you come back to it after using a different app , you should report that to the developer of the app , so they can fix the bug .
i do not get any refund on my credit card statement . nor do i get a debit to begin with for the initial purchase . the payment is probably held for the fifteen minute refund window . chances are the actual payment run from google to the financial institution is done in a batch or a few batches throughout the day . the specifics of the transaction run is down to google and their bank ( s ) . i would imagine they send the debit leg of it after the fifteen minutes from your account and credit an internal suspense account and then send out the batch during the day as i said . that is only a rough guess but i have worked in software testing similar payments in financial institutions for a long time . it may vary in different countries , i am in ireland but i would like to see how it works in other regions . if , hypothetically you did see a refund for any purchase like this you would see a debit for the purchase and a corresponding credit to your account for the refund with some reference to the app , music or whatever you have purchased .
i tested first method on zte v987 with android 4.2.1 and , after a little search for rndis interface and another mtkandroidusb device ( adb interface ) drivers ( for windows xp ) , it worked . i think you do not have the phone drivers installed in windows . have you checked in device manager ? i have tested first method also in windows 7 and i installed the following devices : then i have shared the internet connection , but without success . the phone did not want to see the connection . then i have changed the drivers with those from http://www.digitbrunch.com/android/how-to-root-micromax-unite-2-a106 ( driver_auto_installer_v1.1236.00 ) and i have tried to bridge the 2 network adaptors and i have obtained next configuration : then i have reverted to internet connection sharing and i have tried the following commands ( found here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2287494 ) : and the phone 's usb connection began to operate : finally i have re-updated the usb drivers to the initial alcatel version , deleted mac bridge miniport , set same dns for ipv4 rndis local area connection and used a . cmd file with " adb shell netcfg rndis0 dhcp " command to start the connection .
i tried to do the same thing and like you said " here is the problem , there is no sharing tab " but i found a section in windows assistance saying that there is no " sharing tab " if you have only one lan connection . here is the url : http://windows.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/set-internet-connection-sharing#1tc=windows-7
i am also using a micromax unite 2 . what works for me is the first method . for you , you are not connecting your device ( phone to pc ) . so it does not show you the sharing tab . you have a lan device only and you have no device to share . so first you have to connect your device to the pc and proceed the remaining steps . i am really enjoying the internet from my pc to phone ! procedure connect your mobile to pc via usb cable . in your mobile , go to settings-> more-> usb internet , select pc system version-> next-> " done" ( important ) . in pc , go to control panel-> network and internet-> network connection . here one device is your lan and another one is your mobile . right click your lan device go to properties-> choose " sharing " tab-> click the first option-> ok . now you ready to enjoy the pc internet on your phone .
for your second method ( which should work ) it looks like you are just missing the correct drivers for your device . i found a page which claims to have the drivers ( http://www.digitbrunch.com/android/how-to-root-micromax-unite-2-a106 ) although i cannot vouch for their authenticity so its up to you if you want to trust them . let me know if you run into any problems , because although i have never done something like this before i would be happy to help you through it if i can .
in short , you are correct . disabling in-app purchasing completely via In App Purchasing option makes password-protecting under the Parental Controls settings redundant . it is definitely confusing , and could have been better accomplished by having just one setting with 3 options : disable , allow , allow with a password . it is possible that these two settings used to work differently on older versions of this app , and developers decided that keeping the settings separate would be less confusing to existing users than combining them .
alternatively , you copy the . apk for a ( properly gotten ) qr code reader to your device and install it through the file manager , as long as Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources is checked .
the key is not putting the password into the file , but make it the filename . then you can rename the file in the file manager and copy the password through the rename dialog .
there is an application you can download for rooted devices called adaway . it is not in the market , but if you do not have a problem with installing third party apks , this is a complete advertisement blocker for both in-app and browser . https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=org.adaway
you can use popup blocker " ad block " in chrome or " abp- adblock plus " for firefox .
some browsers , like google 's chrome , have built in pop up blockers . now , if you surf around and you get a auto pop up like this , a message will show on the bottom of the screen asking if you would like to display it . this would greatly reduce the mobogenie you are seeing . also , chrome is a pretty sweet browser with many other features . if you do not like it , firefox and dolphin have--to my knowledge--built in pop up blockers .
tried this answer , but it did not solve the problem . so i called google play support - they did have me clear data from the play store app , but also told me to remove my google account from the accounts section in settings and add it back . then they got me to clear the data again from ' download manager ' and ' google play store ' in the apps section and everything worked perfectly after that .
in my case , what turned out to work in the end was to make an actual purchase . in google wallet , i had updated all my information , as well as added a new card with my new address attached to it and set it as default . this in itself however did not seem to be enough . later though , i read an article recommending us to actually purchase an app through google play using the new card - you will need to wait for 15 minutes to complete the payment since that is the time you are allowed to require a complete refund . finally , i closed the play store and completely reset the google play store application ( i.e. . go to settings > apps > google play store , and click on force close , then clear data , and clear cache ) . after that i could access things in play that were only available to my new credit card 's country , which previously i could not see due to regional restrictions . hope it helps you guys !
i was having problems switching to the us store from outside the us , even clearing caches etc . i downloaded hotspot shield and enabled it , removed the sim card from the phone , removed the app data for the play store and download manager and it worked !
i have contacted google and this is their response : thanks for contacting us about country support for google play . we use the billing address of your default payment instrument in google wallet to help determine your home country for accessing the play store . our collection of content can vary by country , so your view of the play store may differ from what others are seeing when you travel outside of the country listed on your default payment method 's billing address . please note that you must have a valid payment method with a billing address located inside a country in order to access that country 's play store . if you are having issues viewing your intended country 's play store and would like to change your default payment method or update an existing billing address in google wallet , please use the following steps : 1 ) sign into your google wallet account to manage your payment methods https://wallet.google.com/manage/paymentmethods 2 ) add a new card or change your default payment instrument to one with a billing address located inside your desired country 3 ) open the play store and navigate to any item available for download 4 ) click to begin a download until you reach the " accept and buy " screen ( no need to complete the purchase ) 5 ) close the play store and clear data for the google play store application ( settings > apps > google play store > clear data ) or clear your browser cache 6 ) re-open the play store . you should now see the play store that matches your default payment instrument 's billing country . if you have not yet added a payment method to your account for the first time , please add a card directly from the play store with a billing address that matches your intended country location . then , follow steps 3 through 6 to show your intended country 's play store . if you believe that you are experiencing a different location-related issue , please first verify if the country of your primary payment method matches your intended country . if the countries match , please provide any screenshots and additional details that might help me resolve your issue . we appreciate your feedback as we continue bringing more content to google play . thank you for reaching out !
it should work if you change it from your google account , which for whatever reason is not the same as a g+ account . if you have gmail , i found the setting under settings > accounts and import > other google account settings right now the page looks a little small but hopefully that is just my browser playing tricks on me again
moved from the uk to australia and required the banking apps . i had the same problem and tried various things . what worked for me on a samsung galaxy s3: log into gmail on your pc and change the billing address to the new address ( in my case australian address ) . on the phone , go to settings , scroll down to accounts and select google . select the account which the phone has been synced with and select remove account at the bottom . once account has been removed go back to settings main screen , select apps , select google play store , tap force stop , confirm , then tap clear data and tap clear cache . go back to settings and select accounts . add account by selecting google . once google account has been added and setup on the phone go back to the main screen and open up playstore . play store is now displaying all paid apps in $$$ not in £££ and i am able to download the app successfully .
that is terrible ! drains to 50% only in stanby ! maybe the apps are not really shut off . you can use the free apps - juicedefender to save your power . packed with smart functions , it automatically and transparently manages the most battery draining components , like 3g/4g connectivity and wifi . or you may need to have a external battery to backup . this one sugegsted : small and portable design , powerful and giant inside . will be helpful !
xda recogined contributer bala_gamer has explained and fixed this issue . check this xda-developers thread and this news item . it would seem that the issue comes from an error in framework-res . apk . xda recognized contributor bala_gamer explains that the power drain value setting for cell standby is erroneouslyset to 34 ma ( practically impossible ) instead of a more reasonable value of 3.4 ma in power_profile . xml within framework-res . apk . he then put together a corrected power_profile . xml , and provided a quick step-by-step guide to pushing the change . those not excited about messing directly with framework-res . apk can thank senior member ausdim for providing a recovery-flashable update . zip . do not forget to read the warning and faq if any .
there is no such feature on android natively . however , there are quite a few " automation " type apps that can do this for you . some of the better known ones are tasker , automateit , locale and llama . all of these allow you to define a trigger ( e . g . " charger plugged in " in your case ) and set up various actions such as toggling settings . keep in mind that most of these apps require excessive permissions in order to be able to change system settings ( and some toggles even require root . ) also , some manufacturer ui overlays and custom roms allow you to set up profiles with different settings . switching these profiles is either a manual process , or does not provide such granularity in configuration as the automation apps .
so turns out some of the email settings got munged and it was simply a matter of deleting the account info from the phone and then adding it in again .
the option to choose a certificate is available with enterprise encryption ( 802.1x ) . judging by your comment , your android thinks it is using a different encryption method than it should , so have you attempted manually adding the network , and specifying the encryption type ? please bear in mind that not all wifi cards and devices support that encryption method .
try proxydroid from the play store . it might solve your problem .
no , this will not work for shortcuts to apps . edit2: turns out this part of the answer was wrong . thanks bryan and drake for your answers . yes , it works for internet bookmarks . from your browser , select menu > bookmarks . long-press the given bookmark and select edit bookmark ; this will allow you to change its name . you may need to delete/re-add the shortcut to your home page for the change to take affect . edit1: alternatively , if you use a bookmark manager app ( like any of the ones mentioned here ) , you should be able to edit the bookmark directly from there .
bettercut will let you create shortcuts with custom icons/text .
launcherpro is a great home switcher app , personally is the best . between the different dozens of useful features it provides also the possibility to change the text of all home icons that are shortcuts to applications , to bookmarks , etc .
there are two options , but they both require connecting to the android device via wifi : root the phone and use wireless tether - ( unofficial method ) warning : this may void your warranty , so do not blame anyone if it causes you an issue , least of all me ! proceed at your own risk . once the phone is rooted ( you can search via google for rooting your device and it usually not the most complicated thing to do ) , you can install wireless tether from the android market . this will basically turn your android phone into a mobile router that you can connect to with your pc . or pay for the 3g mobile hotspot option from verizon - ( official version ) this is the carrier provided method for tethering your device ( getting a computer to access the internet using a wireless device ) . i believe that it is currently $20 per month and there is a limit to the amount of data that you can use .
try downloading the drivers straight from the source ( motorola ) here . make sure any drivers you already installed are uninstalled first , then install from motorola .
really all that was really necessary was to click on the phone 's search button and type in " settings " . the top result should be the " settings " application . you click on that and it opens your settings app so that you can got to applications:manage applications where you can scroll down to launcherpro click on it and then click on the " clear defaults " button . now when you click on the home key it will bring up a list of any launcher programs you have installed , including the factory installed one which you can now select .
found this at : http://orlygoingthirty.blogspot.com/2011/01/how-to-uninstall-expired-launcherpro.html i finally found a workable solution : download the latest launcherpro apk ( or hopefully any other apk ) . connect your phone to your pc and mount the sd card . copy the new apk to the top-level of the sd card and rename it to something short ( like lp . apk ) . unmount the phone , then in the phone browser ( which is the only thing lp lets you run ) , type the following in the url bar : file:///sdcard/lp . apk ( notice the three slashes ) this will force-launch the installer application on the phone . now on my phone , it was set to disallow non-android market apps from installing ; since the apk is not off the android market , the phone popped up an error and offered to let me change the application setting . which launches the settings application .
i solved my issue using a 2a charger instead of my phone 1a charger or the usb port that provides only 0.5a . i am sure i have been able to charge my nexus with all the power sources , but maybe i left it on charge all night long .
try calibrating ( completely discharge battery ) , by playing games or watching videos . once battery dries try switching your nexus on untill your device refuses to do so . the charge it from a wall charger . see if it works . i have a motorola mb855 , i generally claibrate 5-10 times in a month . that keeps its backup and life healthy .
i am using a 7" galaxy tab ( shw-180s ) and this same thing happened with me a few days ago . this is how i solved it : remove the battery from the device charge your battery from another electric source ( i do not remember the device name but most mobile repair shops have them ) you can also try a hard reset . changing your charger may also help if it is not providing enough power to charge nexus 7 .
a is for ' americas ' i is ' international ' e.g. the rest of the world . you get slightly different network support . st17i umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 this is from the whitepaper . i belive everything else about the phone is the same . bkw and bko i think will be the colour scheme of an orange or white hilight .
afaik not much other than the frequency bands they operate on : st17i : ( i = international version ) dual-band umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a : ( a = american version ) tri-band umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900
have you tried moving your apps to the sd card ? go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Downloaded tab then tap on any 3rd-party app and then tap on the Move to SD card button ( if available . ) this should move most of the app to the card , thus freeing up space on the /data/ partition . not all apps support this method , but do try it on the largest space hogs like flash player and adobe air , for example . unfortunately moving apps to sd card this way does not touch the apps ' cache or dalvik cache . to move those you had need the old-school " apps2sd " hack . the basic idea is to re-partition your sd card and create a 2nd partition with ext2/3/4 format . the contents of /data/ folders are moved to the sd card 's ext partition and the phone 's internal memory is therefore freed up . then a script is added to android which mounts this partition at boot time and links /data/app , /data/app-private , /data/data , and /data/dalvik-cache folders to their corresponding locations on the sd card 's ext partition . there are some apps on the market that automate this ( except re-partitioning the card , which you will need to do manually . ) try link2sd or simple2ext for example . of course make sure you have a nandroid backup of your phone before trying anything . there are obvious pros and cons to this method . the pros are the ability to greatly extend the phone 's storage for apps , while keeping the internal memory relatively free . the cons are inability to cleanly un-mount and remove the sd card ( since the apps are mounted on the 2nd partition that the os is not aware of , ) and possible slow-downs in launching apps depending on the speed of the card . there sd card will also be subjected to more wear and tear , since it will be used by the system for reading/writing more than usual .
that is the thing about the android os . a " quit " or " exit " button is not really necessary . why ? because the operating system automatically kills applications that are no longer used . for this same reason , there is no need to install a task killer or similar . when you are done with an application , the os will clean things up for you so you do not have to worry about it .
bryan 's answer is correct . however , if you do not want to wait for the os to kill something , you should use a task manager ( different from an always-running task killer ) . one is built in to the 2.2 rom on my galaxy s , and you can get to it by long-pressing the home button . i have used this for frozen apps and for when the os has not quite realized it needs to kill something so the in-focus app does not lag . additionally , you can set how aggressive your os is in killing idle apps . i do this on my phone using ryanza 's one click lag fix ( the lagfix is just for the galaxy s , but i am not sure if the app-killing settings can be used on other devices ) .
i would recommend advanced task killer , which does a great job of showing you which of your apps are currently running and giving you a one-button solution to stopping any that you want .
when i downloaded the app called cpu-z , it said that my lg motion has a 1.51 ghz msm8960 snapdragon s4 dual core . it also said that the cpu is called krait and comes with an adreno 225 gpu . so , i believe that metro pcs got their specs wrong about the lg motion , cpu-wise .
i just got a new lg motion from metropcs , and before updating the system or anything , i used the app cpuspy and it told me the cpu is 1.5ghz .
are you talking about download mode ? afaik you have to press and hold menu key while connecting your phone to your computer via usb . volume keys are used to boot in recovery mode . i have not tried it on the phone you mentioned though .
if your computer did not recognize your phone while in recoverymod , may be because you did not enabled usb debugging in phone settings ( settings--> applications--> development ) enable it and try again .
samsung 's ota updates are carrier-based , as usual . kies updates are usually regional , but not particularly restricted ; you can usually select a different region when installing kies and get updates from there . kies updates are up to samsung , though they would probably work with carriers on it to ensure it works well and whatnot . ota updates are controlled by the carriers , though of course they rely on samsung to actually produce the update . there is being some speculation that google wants to break the carriers ' tight control over this ( and pricing , etc . ) but in general samsung et al . do not want to get on their bad side .
you should just be able to add the port to the end of the domain as you would with a desktop browser , e.g. http://mysite.com:8888 . chrome and the built-in browser app definitely support this as i use them in this fashion on a daily basis ; i would imagine other browsers would as well since the syntax is defined in the rfc specification .
although i still hope that someone else gives me a easier and quicker solution , i have found the following procedure to be a fairly quick method to accomplish what i wanted ( someone else will certainly have another idea regarding this , i am sure ) : i send the contact information using the Send via gmail to my own gmail account , press Download in the received email and choose Contacts and Phone ) . since all information is present in the . vcf file attached to the mail , i can now easily create/duplicate a new contact without having to enter the name and phone number again .
for the part of your question where you say you have not yet found how to copy all contacts from sim to memory : on my galaxy s , if i go into contacts , press menu , select import/export i get the option import from sim card . it sounds like that is what you are after ?
this app looks like it claims to do so ; whether it works is a different question . you might want to buy it and try it quickly , and if it does not work then refund it before the 15 minute trial time is over . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.happydroid.c2spro
if you are looking for a gui you should take a look onto droid explorer . basically it is a graphical frontend for adb especially developed for rooted phones . i know that it runs under windows ( .net) but afair it also runs linux using mono .
the android debug bridge ( adb ) can do pretty much everything you want . it is part of the android sdk , just download the sdk and enable usb debugging on your phone . you can get a shell with the command adb shell  and you can get files from the phone with adb pull  all the commands are documented in the first link i gave . another way to get any file from the phone would be to use any of the backup utilities available and back up your whole phone to your computer where you can examine it . as you already rooted your phone you might already have a backup utility installed , or you can easily install one , e.g. titanium backup root or nandroid . i have no experience with those two though , i can not tell you anything more about them . the kernel i used to root my phone included clockworkmod recovery with a backup program already integrated , so you might already have that available too .
i solved the error . instead of selecting pictures from a folder , use the album , and the picture folder will be listed as an album . deselect all the other albums , and pictures should show up .
http://goo-inside.me/evo/stock/ruu/ provides a straightforward guide , reproduced below , of how to revert to a stock rom , and it looks like all you need is clockworkmod . you probably want the newest dec . 15th software linked on that page . heed the warning ! warning ! ruu'ing your phone will wipe all data on your phone , and if done incorrectly , can brick your device permanently ! performing an ruu entails completely wiping your user data , removing root , removing your custom recovery , and switching to the specified radio , hboot , and stock sense rom version that is in the file name . instructions : download the unrevoked forever s-on tool and flash from clockworkmod or amon_ra recovery . download zip file for whatever software version you want to restore to . note that you may not be able to downgrade , depending on your current software version . check md5 ( windows : hashcheck , linux/mac : use md5sum comand from terminal ) . rename file to " pc36img . zip " ( ensure that you do not have file extensions hidden , aka , that the file is not now " pc36img . zip . zip" ) place file on the root of your sd card . boot into hboot by powering off phone , then holding down volume down and power until you are taken to the white screen with the skating androids at the bottom . when asked if you want to flash the file , press volume up to confirm . the remainder of the prompts should be self-explanatory after that .
just to note : you can actually do this from any sense-based rom - it does not need to be " stock " and it does not need to be unrooted . the important thing is the dialer app , because sense 's dialer has the special ##gpsclrx# code in it and the aosp dialer does not . probably the easiest thing to do is simply to get a sense rom and flash it like you normally would either via rom manager or manually via your recovery . there is a stock ( rooted ) 3.70 here , but you could also use something like fresh 3.5 or mikfroyo if you prefer . if you want to actually go back to a stock and fully unrooted rom , then matthew read 's answer is a good explanation which does not require windows ( or a pc at all , really ) .
install myat and t app and log into her online wireless account that should be see up on at and t website . then check usage from there . it tells me my phone minutes , text messages and data . i use very little data as i am usually connected to wifi , but because i am on a limited data plan , this app comes in handy .
daniel , she can also manage her data usage with the power control widget and apndroid . apndroid gives you a widget that lets you disable apn connections , which functionally disables data . and the power control widget , which needs no installing , will let you turn background data on and off . disabling background data saves battery and data use .
netcounter will keep track of data usage . it may not be 100% accurate , but it would be a decent estimate .
at and t has a number u can text to track how much is used . goto your phone and type *3282# and call like making a phone call and it will send a text message to you showing how much has been used and how much left . hope this helps .
looks like i have to eat my comments on the question . zdbox is yet another app that you can use to track your data usage , and it appears to have some pretty powerful/fantastic additional features .
another app which can be used to do this ( though it is a paid app ) is spb wireless monitor .
configurations for most devices , you can only modify the volume of the earpiece , bluetooth , media volume or call volume if you are currently using that feature . so , the best is to use your device " menu " button when you are using the bluetooth earpiece and check if said option exists . alternativly , use the volume up/down from your device while with the bluetooth earpiece in use to try and control its volume . one user at droidxforums mentioned a working solution for him : turn off the bluetooth on the droid x . place a phone call like normal . adjust the call volume to the max and then hang up . turn the bluetooth on the droid x back on and activate your voice command . it will work . you can adjust volume up or down in that fashion . apps if to no avail , currently , there are a few apps available from google play store to deal with issues like this : recommended for custom rom : volume+ free and the donate version volume+ ( volume boost ) gives great results in controlling volume settings separably for each sound output available . recommended for stock rom bluetooth volume worked as promised to control the bluetooth sound output , ideal for boosting in call volume . this are the ones i have used with excellent results , you can find others at google play store .
you might want to take a look at cloudii . i do not use the cloud myself , but if this app keeps it promises , it . . . is the best app to manage all your cloud services within a single app . cloudii brings full service integration as well as a powerfull synchronization tool . it even integrates multiple cloud services ( currently : google drive , dropbox , skydrive and box -- more to come ) . according to its description , it lets you both navigate your cloud-stored files and keeping them in sync ( the screenshots support this idea ) . note , however , that the free app is a 14d trial only , which afterwards requires an in-app purchase . i do not know the price , but as one comment put it : i will be glad to buy the developer " coffee " !
i rebooted and it fixed the problem :-\ [ and then several weeks later it occurred to me that i should note this fact here , in case it happens to anyone else ] . indeed , i suspect that my phone was in a weird state and probably i could not access the sd card on any computer at all at that point , regardless of what i implied in the question .
i have used multiple different wall-wart-to-usb chargers . i have not had any issues charging any of my devices on any of the chargers .
some devices use usbmicro , others use usb mini . like any device , it depends on the voltage that the device can take . but for the most part , afaik , as long as the charger is the same plug type ( micro , mini , etc . ) then yes it can work . a lot of the chargers that use usb plugs output the voltage that a standard usb port would ( between 4.75 and 5.25 volts ) . if this is the case , you will have no problems . the only issue , when you use usb to charge , it is usually a slower charge then using a wall charger .
i know this is an old topic but i want to share some proper information . first : yes , the cheap ones are often poorly designed -- either using fake complacency labels or just barley making it to the standard . that being said , try to avoid using them and if it feels cheap as hell do not use it . as for the usb standard : it is 5v ( this can vary within . 25v due to component values not being exact ) . most computer motherboards supply a maximum of 500ma to usb ports -- it does not mean it will always supply that . the device ( s ) attached to it determines the current draw , the same is true for wall adapters . they will be rated for 500ma 750 ma 1a or 1.5a etc . the important number is the voltage you want to be as close to 5v as you can . all devices have some form of voltage regulation to protect agents slightly high voltage , ( if they dont it is simply bad design ) . the excess energy gets dissipated as heat . android devices are normally ok with power consumption on stand by , but when you start doing a lot of cpu heavy tasks and have all the bells and whistles going ( gps , back light , wifi , lte , cell modem , etc ) it starts drawing a lot of current ( and making the phone hot ) . i have seen phones draw more than 1a with everything running ( the battery still draining while plugged into a 1a rated power adapter ) .
the sms system itself does not support read or delivery confirmation past delivery to the network . iow your phone is notified when the message is received by the network with a recognised recipient , but nothing more . if your application is like the one on my phone , the mark indicates unread responses to a message you sent ( or unread incoming messages in general ) , not that a message you sent has been read by its recipient .
in the stock app for short messages , there is a way to get the informations you want to have : just longtap on the message and then choose " details " in the pop up . if your manufacturer put another app for text messaging in replace for the android stock app , please tell us the name of it .
as soon as the check mark is appeared on the message text body , it means it delivered the message . if you want a confirmation then you can use mysms sms app . this could deliver the status message . if you want to track the time when the sms delivered then try sms scheduler . it keeps track of all your previous messages also .
there is no need to organize your files in any other theme . android is indexing the media file and since api 1.0 player should query the media store which is using this index .
some of the slowness may be due to the speed of your storage media . if it is built in storage than there is not much you can do ( apart from what matthew read suggested ) if it is an sd card , maybe check that it is not a class 2 or something . perhaps try and get a class 10 to speed things up . beyond those changes it is down to the device cpu speed
one method is to put a file called .noMedia in the root of every folder that you do not want to be scanned . it will not improve the scanning of actual media , but it will prevent wasted time searching elsewhere ( or indexing things that you do not want indexed , such as app assets ) .
there seems to be a problem with the latest cyanogenmod 7.1.0 and the german locale . possible solutions are some users report that if you search google on your phone for " gmail market " and open the market:// link with the market , gmail will install . use the market enabler to change your mobile provider and download the gmail app . manually install the . apk from this thread
google does not provide some apps in the market , since they are intended for " approved " devices ( ones that meet google 's compatibility guidelines ) . however , i believe they have a special agreement with cyanogenmod where you can flash the apps separately . you can read more about how to install these packages at " how can i install the google apps package ( play store , … ) on my android device ? "
install rom manager from the market and then go to download rom , find google apps in the list and then you can choose the latest and install it . you can also see comments and ratings from other users .
that is dependent : the kernel , along with the appropriate driver chipset support for usb otg the general consensus , if the kernel is modded and has support for otg provided the handset supports it , then it will work alongside with the appropriate otg cable with power support . it might need custom modifications to android to make it aware of otg facilities if running on pre-honeycomb android versions . however , since honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) and upwards , there is usb facilities integrated into the framework which makes otg mechanism even easier .
did you install the correct usb drivers for the samsung galaxy s3 ? if not , download and install samsung kies . you also need to make sure usb tethering is disabled : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; More &gt; Tethering &amp; portable hotspot . then , check usb settings : Settings &gt; Device &gt; Storage &gt; Menu &gt; USB computer connection . source .
few samsung phones have issues with their micro usb ports . even my galaxy nexus has had this problem . the easiest way to fix it it use a pin ( something shard ) and push the micro usb port of the phone slowly and very carefully to the screen . i suggest you to take it to a authorized service center though .
we people have issues like that too . i am not so sure about samsung s3 , but i am sure about android , i had an android phone , whose drivers were perfect ! i have checked for drivers by the cd that came . the issue is either not because of the cable , because if it charges well then it must connect to pc too , then where is the issue ? here are the two major reasons : please check that your usb supports fast data transfer ( usb 2.0 ) , because android would try to connect to a faster one . please note that there is alot of issues with android itself too . like many other apps running . when you connect to the usb , you get a popup that connecting usb storage would stop many other apps bla bla . so that is a reason too as android does not want to stop some personal apps from working . for this , you can restart the phone . this way this issue would be resolved , i have checked this one more than 5 times . and usb tethering is just related to internet , you will not get to use internet on your connected pc , if you are having the tethering settings turned off . so that has nothing to do with the usb storage ! tip : when android gets the favourable conditions it would itself show the connect dialog , otherwise you might need to change the port of usb you are connection too . ory try the might restart-the-phone trick . this way , you will get the images there ! there is no other issue , i have been facing this issue for a long time . then i caught the errors , the basic one is the usb port , then the android apps ; for that you can restart the phone . usb drivers are installed by default while you are connecting the device by general . in windows os ( that is the only one i use ) you would see the popup saying installing device drivers , if that goes perfectly , then you can connect the device . otherwise the only is this ! or there is a bug in the rom ( if you installed a custom rom ) .
samsung has very bad connections on that line of phones ( s3 , n2 ) i know this because i have a galaxy note 2 and about 6 months ago it was doing the same thing , then eventually it stopped charging all together . i also have a friend with s3 and the exact same thing had happened , except it would not charge ( luckily his was still in warranty ) . you need to check if it is being detected in another pc , if not , the connection is broken . if you really really need to be able to plug it into a pc , you will have to buy a replacement charger dock port . or you can use airdroid to wirelessly transfer files to an from your pc over a wireless network .
my problem was solved when i restarted my phone . after that , it automatically detected my phone from my laptop
maybe you have connected the device as ptp but not mtp . follow these steps to connect through mtp- first connect the usb cable to your laptop then scroll the notification bar down and you will have usb icon box , click on that and change your connection to mtp ( media transfer protocol ) to transfer files in windows . now that you have the proper settings you can connect to the laptop . as soon as you connect your laptop the windows operating system will try to identify the hardware ( mobile device ) connected and install its drivers which would be already present in the operating system thus making it a plug n play operating system . else if you still are unable to change the setting then visit this link it has a complete description along with pictures else if not available then you need to update your drivers either through the windows update > usb drivers for samsung or manually download the drivers from the samsung site .
it sounds like you want the extremely common ls -l  for reference , the complete busybox help for ls :
i would generally not expect /? to provide meaningful output , because it is really a dos/windows thing . linux/unix command option are typically passed with hyphens , either a single one for short flags ( for example , ls -l ) or two hyphens for verbose ones ( e . g . --help ) . two possibilities that you can try : if you are using a version provided by busybox , you can use busybox ls --help . doing this without the call to busybox at the front of the command may not yield any results ( e . g . cyanogenmod just responds with unknown option '--' if i try ls --help ) . the linux man page for ls is readily available online . the options there are probably not all implemented in the android binary , but it will give you a bit of an overview . you can also check the man page for busybox , which has all of the commands it implements as well as the options they support . i am not sure if the android version implements all the same commands/options , but it very well may .
my lg optimus 5 ( e455 and e450 ) also has a pre-installed application called cell broadcast , with cb enabled . i disabled it .
android has a chain of signature verification that ( by default ) protects your device from being hacked or having an unofficial image installed . recovery images , updates , and os images all have to be signed . the bootloader verifies that the recovery is signed by the manufacturer 's key , and the recovery in turn verifies that the os image ( and any updates you try to install ) are signed by the same key . that is why you need cwm or twrp to flash an update that roots the device . you do not need to root to install cwm or twrp , but you do need to unlock the bootloader . this wipes all user data on the device . it is a security mechanism , to protect your data : if someone steals the device while it is locked , and wants to flash a different os to bypass the lock and steal your data , they first have to unlock the bootloader . so , there is no loop at all . unlock your bootloader and flash a recovery using fastboot , then use that recovery to install the " update " . the exact details of how vary from device to device , so find yours on our rooting index .
i have seen such an issue before , but it was a samsung device . i do not have a cookbook solution for you , just some points to check : is the powerbutton still working ? did you have issues with buttons before ? on the samsung we had to create a special plug from a cable and a 3k resistor . this brings the samsung phones directly to download-mode where you can flash and or reboot . is your battery still ok ? can you replace it ( quickly exchange with a friend ) or is this not possible with your phone type ? is your charger ok ? and the cable ? try another one and leave it on for a while , a dead battery needs a bit of time and very slow charge , before it can go back to normal charging . good luck
my testing indicates a usable resolution of 1280 x 750
on the google website homepage itself in your browser , scroll down to were it says : igoogle settings help press ' settings ' and turn off ' allow use of device location ' i have then found my browser always goes to google . com ( were it was going to google . de ) edit i have just seen you want the opposite . so perhaps turn this option on !
drag the icon to the edge , not the corners . it can be a little finicky depending on the particular touchscreen hardware your phone has .
currently there is no way to do this on an htc phone . the people app from htc will automatically display names as first and last . however if you connect the phone to exchange , as i have mine , then all exchange contacts show up as last and first , including in mail and in people . so as of right now i would say if you can get his phone on exchange , only display contacts from exchange , and tell him to put them all in exchange , then it should be a workaround to the issue .
using the following diagram from developer . android . com you can see where it falls in the specs : it is 3 inches diagonally - it falls in the " small " category . it is 133ppi - which is definitely ldpi .
as a worst case solution , you could try factory resetting your phone . you might also attempt to connect your phone to a pc and enable usb transfer , then eject your phone to see if this clears the issue .
when you say you turned your phone off and on , did you actually shut it down ( hold down power button to get the menu ) , or just press the power button to turn the screen off ? i would expect a shutdown and restart to clear this problem .
i solved this by plugging in my phone to a computer and choosing charge only . it was using cpu and draining my battery until i fixed it .
the icon in question ( on the very left of this image ) is Vibration mode on the one plus one . technically ( i guess ) it is the ' phone profile ' icon , in this case vibrate .
maybe you are missing udev rules for the other device manufacturers ? a rule for samsung is probably included by default . look here for instructions http://developer.android.com/tools/device.html
i do not think so , sorry : ( but since you have titanium backup , reflashing should not be a very big deal : ) there are also some free apps on the market that can freeze other apps https://market.android.com/details?id=com.anttek.am
if your device is full rooted ( not just shell rooted ) , try using root explorer app . mount /system with read-write permission and then paste com.samsung.apk file in /system/app/ . reboot the device . . . done ! remember to set permissions of the app to rw-r--r-- before rebooting .
based on your situation , if all means does not work , just reflash the firmware via odin . you do not have to factory reset ( i.e. . your data will still be there ) , but you will lost root . just perform the steps you used to root your phone before this . i suggested this because certain apps cannot be restored even though you push it via adb or paste it in the system partition .
ok if you havent checked out the link uri posted , " root , " to put it simply , is administrative privileges on the phone and gives you the ability to mess with core system files and configurations . the " superuser " app is just an app that is designed to grant or block root permissions to different apps . rooting android phones is sometimes complicated but it mainly depends on the phone and manufacturer as different manufacturers lock down their phones in different ways . some developers have brought it down to you just plugging in your phone when a certain app is running and everything is done for you while other times will require you to run terminal commands , and download specific software onto your phone . unlike standard desktop linux , root has to be acquired through exploits apparent in the phones . now why gain root ? well for android phones , it allows us to a variety of things such as have the ability to underclock our processors for considerably better battery life or overclock them for performance . we can also create wifi-hotspots with ease , run network based attacks such as arp-poisoning , conduct cookie hijacking and so on . its like jailbreaking an iphone ( except its a lot more power to tinker in the palm of your hands ) . in your case , your app probably configures the network card on your phone for the file server in a way that cannot be done with the traditional android api and so needs more system access ( hence the request for root permissions ) . there is no " simple " setting to turn on root no matter what phone you have . this is because carriers make money by locking down your phone and forcing you to pay for more functionality ( i.e. tethering/wifi-hotspot ) . if they give you the ability to activate root , then some people could easily circumvent their control , thus making them lose money . the other possibility is that careless people who do not know what they are doing could seriously mess up their own phones and thus making it a support nightmare for carriers and manufacturers who now have to deal with bricked phones . what should your best approach be ? it all depends . if you really plan on tinkering with the phone or want custom software or want better battery life , then rooting is for you . if you just want to use your phone with no extra functionality or no hassle , then do not bother for root as you probably do not need it . if you do want to root , carefully follow all instructions and do your research . your best place to start is on your device forums on xda here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1404 the 1 click root also has a very good chance of working but this is not verified to work with your device afaik .
i have a samsung galaxy s2 here is a method to get info on your bluetooth version turn on bluetooth by going to the home screen , clicking menu-> settings bluetooth . pull that to enabled . make sure it is on . on the home screen , click menu -> settings -> applications -> ' running ' tab . an item appears called : " bluetooth share " . a screen pops up with information about the program , but it is sparse .
solved it myself after hours of googling . i really only needed to run error checking on the internal storage ( checkdisk ) in windows . since i could not get windows to mount the drive normally , i tried booting into clockworkmod recovery mode and then connect usb . ran the error checking ( right click on drive , properties , tools , error-checking ) , rebooted phone and voilà ! life is beautiful once again .
i had the same problem and i found a solution . first , problem description : i have connected the s2 to a pc and turned on the mass storage mode . after copying the files i have selected on the phone to disconnect from pc ( without unplugging the device in windows - which may cause this problem ) . after that i found out that both memories ( sd card and 16gb usb memory ) are damaged . solution : i have connected the phone to a pc , choose to turn on the mass storage mode . windows found the drives but they are empty ( unmounted ) . i selected on the phone disconnect from pc and this time i have unplugged the cards from windows . after this my phone found the memories and start working again . i think it is a system glitch which hangs the card somewhere between mass storage mode and direct access to them .
in s4 , go to Settings &gt; My device &gt; Accessibility &gt; Hearing . you will find the mono audio option there . edit : you can download boeffla sound control from play store . this app is able to convert stereo sound to mono . for this you must first install busybox which is also available on play store . your devices needs to be rooted . hope this solves your issue .
there is no direct equivalent in android . each app has its own directory in /data/data ( for a multi-user system , it is <code> /data/users/ n </code> ) . apps are encouraged to show a metadata-based view of user data , instead of requiring the user to worry about individual files . each app stores the files and databases that hold its documents , and its configuration files , in its directory . for data that already live in files , the sd card contains appropriately-named directories such as /sdcard/Music , /sdcard/Movies , which are shared between all apps ( with the appropriate permission ) .
google apps ( gapps ) is the only way to sync with google . whatcustom rom have you downloaded , and which device do you own ? try to find gapps installation somewhere else .
that is pretty normal for ( almost ) all custom roms : they are not permitted to include google apps . gapps are proprietary , and to ship them bundled with anything requires an explicit license from google . however , custom roms come rooted usually . and also usually , you ( at least in most cases ) have a custom recovery when installing them . so if you feel you need a way , you have got two choices primarily : pick the gapps package corresponding to your android version from goo . im , and flash them via your custom recovery , or head over to xda and check for the nogapps packages if you prefer an open-source replacement
this is possible with tasker . however , i am not sure you can read out a subject line , since an sms does not normally have a subject line . it does have a body . create a profile . in the profile tab , create a new profile (+ button) &gt; Event &gt; Phone &gt; Received text . click back button ( to create the profile ) . assign a task to the profile . after you click the back button , a dialog will pop-up . click New Task . name it ( e . g . read sms ) . in task edit screen , create a new action (+ button) &gt; Misc &gt; Say . in text , type " message received " . you can also edit the pitch ( of the voice ) or its speed . click back ( to create the action ) . if you want the text body to be read , create a new action (+ button) &gt; Misc &gt; Say . in text , click the label button to the right , select Text Subject . when you receive a message , you will be able to hear " message received " , and the text body ( if you added an action for that ) .
the problem with my device not showing up with the fastboot devices command resolved itself . i was then able to flash a custom recovery . the only thing i did different was , i rebooted my computer and symlinked the adb and fastboot commands in my bin folder .
i am not using your device but doing a quick search i found this : before using art , you have to enable expanding memory in settings -> extras ! you might want to do that before enabling art next time . you can get more infos on here
the first boot after swapping to art generally takes a little longer to boot . after that it then recompiles every app using the new runtime before you can actually use the device . during this stage the device actually displays a message with it is current progress . if it never gets to that stage then there is a decent chance that android is stuck trying to boot . if it is stuck in a bootloop , you should see your phone continually swap from the htc boot logo to the cm boot logo and back again . if it is stuck on just the cm boot logo then there is a chance that it is actually booting and just taking a long time .
there is a much easier way , but it may not be supported in all countries : buy them each a google play gift card , and attach it to their accounts . they come in different " sizes " , so you can limit the amount they can pay . no identification stuff connected to the cards , and once they are used up there is no more use for them ( of course , you can buy the next one ) . another positive aspect : you might decide to let your kids use them themselves . the danger is just as high as the value of the card ( though content might pose a risk ) . so it is like " pocket money " for learning " monetary responsibility " : )
you can buy them on play . google . com and send them to the device . add their devices to your account , and send the apps after purchase
in playstore , the user is prompted for the password ( unless you disabled it ) every time before a purchase can be made . so what you can do is , make a google account just for playstore apps that is logged in across all your and your kids google devices . have every device logged in to that account on top of whatever other accounts your kids personally use on the given device . that way you can buy whatever apps you want , but they can not since , even tho their device is logged in and has access to all the apps you purchased thru your google apps account , they can not purchase new ones without your password . they can not see the details of your cc since google will prompt for the password every time the user attempts to access account information .
you get two choices when you accept to buy an app on the device you want to install app on . pay or send url for payment to whoever . so send url to yourself or whoever is going to pay via email which will auto pop up when you select . . . send url . . . . . i send to my gmail account then click link on pc or phone and follow instructions to pay . easy
developer options > device hostname should get you where you need to go . you may need to mash " build number " in " about phone " a few times to make the developer options appear in your settings app . . . edit : apparently that is for cyanogenmod only . without that option , you will need root . . .
i think i may have figured out the cause and a makeshift solution for this bug , at least one that ( finally ) works for me , and that i have not seen mentioned often elsewhere . on my tablet ( nexus 7 2nd gen ) , i had seen the mediaserver bug very often and practically given up trying to solve it . however , on my phone ( i9505g aka sgs4 gpe ) , i had not seen the bug once . both devices were running 100% stock android 4.3 . then one day i noticed the bug rearing its ugly head on my phone too . i had not copied any new files to the device recently , so that threw any theories about " corrupt media files " out the window . i racked my brains and realized the only thing i would done differently in the past 24 hours was played a game ( rayman jungle run ) on the phone , which i usually only use for calls , emails , and e-books . on my tablet however , i play rayman jungle run often . so , i just ran this sequence of tests on both my phone and tablet , with the same results . full charge . fresh boot . run for several hours . result : no mediaserver drain . launch rayman , play for 1 minute . return to home screen but do not force close the app . wait a little while . result : mediaserver drain begins . force close the rayman app ( i used an elixir shortcut to do this , but using the apps menu should work fine ) . wait a couple hours . result : mediaserver drain has stopped ! i did a lot of searches on the web and only found one other reference to similar phenomenon , and that post referenced the rayman game as well as another game called super hexagon or something . the apparent lesson here is that certain apps have the ability to trigger the mediaserver bug . in my case at least , it has nothing to do with what media files i have on the device , or what google services i allow/prevent running ( these are both things i see frequently quoted as supposed solutions ) . i would also hypothesize that if you have an app which triggers the mediaserver drain , and this app autoruns at startup or any periodic time intervals , then the only surefire solution in that case would be to uninstall the app , unfortunately . this could explain why some people do not find that rebooting helps . . . if the offending app runs at startup , of course the drain will begin right away also .
for me , rebooting the nexus 4 several times did not help . the first time i started using the mobile phone , i logged in without the google account . so , i did factory reset and made sure i logged-in with the google account . this seems to have fixed the issue .
killing all running apps did not solve the problem , nor did disabling the automatic sync for google account items like videos/photos ( which i heard suggested for a similar battery issue ) . what did work was simply rebooting the device by holding the power button and picking shut down . after rebooting mediaserver no longer appears to use much of my battery in the usage chart and my charge lasts like it always did . so if you get the same issue , just reboot .
i had the very same problem with android 4.1.2 . tablet . tried everything found on several forums , and the result was - nothing worked . mediaserver kept draining my battery . intuitively , i tried two things : 1 . unmounted sd card where i keep all sorts of media files . 2 . deleted downloaded pictures from " download " folder . result = problem solved . then remounted the sd card - battery life still normal ! conclusion : bloody mediaserver keeps scanning the downloaded pictures and drains the battery . simplicity is always the answer !
the mediaserver process scans your device for media files to add to your library . however , the 2012/12/12 ( perhaps some more ) gapps version is broken and gets stuck in an infinite loop on unfamiliar files on your phone . this directly translates to battery drain and is bad for the lifetime of your battery and other phone components . when running your phone for the first time or when starting media applications , the mediaserver is invoked and will commence the horror . how to fix : reboot phone and do not start a media application . put a .nomedia file on your sd card root to prevent library search , thus preventing mediaserver from getting stuck . this means no media library ! wait for the glorious google to fix this anomaly . downgrade your android firmware + gapps to a version which lacks this bug . use an iphone/windows phone modify the gapps ( mediaserver . apk ) to support all kinds of files normally . ( advanced + time consuming )
this might be irrelevant since i do not use cyanogenmod i faced the same problem with htc one ( running android version 4.1.2 ) calenders conflicting were the pre-installed one from htc and the google calendar ( which i prefer ) . i installed it from google play , the solution might work also in your case too , but i am not sure . from the apps menu go to the app manager , and swipe sideways to the " all " tab there , scroll down to the calendar app you want to disable , click it and then click the disable button . this did the trick for me . it is worth trying .
cyanogenmod 10 includes an outdated google calendar app . when i installed the updated one from the play store , i neglected to remove the system calendar app . once i uninstalled the outdated system calendar app , i only got 1 notification per event .
connect a self powered usb hub and try again . usb-otg ports often provide little power that is suitable for one device only , but may already fail for power hungry devices like very fast usb thumb drives , wifi dongles or 2.5in usb hard disk enclosures . your setup very probably draws too much . you can use any 3rd party usb power bank if you need it on-the-go . your hub may have a power input connector already . finding the right cable might be an issue though . here 's some related info , someone asked this for the sgs i9000 which does not provide power at all : usb host mode not working on samsung galaxy s using cyanogenmod
short answer generally , apps are cleanly uninstalled , and most if not all of their data will be removed along . some exceptions may however apply to their data stored on sdcard , if any . detailed answer android uses a data structure which is defined by the developers api , and developers should stick to it . there are also not too many ways they could deviate , as e.g. file system permissions prevent this . aside from the .apk ( the app itself ) installed at a defined place , there are also defined places for the apps data : all these can only go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; on internal storage ( rare chances an app can access other places in internal storage to place its data , except from some " temporary " or cache locations . as for the sdcard , the api strongly recommends to use Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; as corresponding place ( see api documentation ) . as long as developers stick to these rules , uninstalling the app will also remove all its data ( as the system takes care for all those locations defined by the developer documentation , since these are easily identified via the package name ) . however , on the sdcard there are almost no restrictions which places an app can access ( which is due to the fat file system used for these cards ) , and some apps go wild here .
the answer is : your phone is charged no matter what . but at a slower rate than normal . making it warmer than normal .
your phone charges with the normal speed or rate . and it makes your battery heat up more and nothing else .
as using the device also uses some power , the device cannot " charge with the normal speed " at the same time . it will however primarily use the external power source for its consumption . depending on whether you " consume " more power than the source can feed , either it compensates by taking whatever is needed additionally from the battery , or feeds whatever is left to it . a side effect described in the other answers already is true , however : the device will get " warmer " this way . i already described that in another answer : recommendation for cold days to get warm fingers : take your device with both hands , plug in the charger . now stream a hd video from youtube via 3g , play it fullsize , and in the background do some video recording which in parallel gets uploaded via 3g . careful ! ! ! wear gloves . . . #- )
i found the problem : the icon already existed on another screen . however , i was confused because both icons are identically named ( gallery ) and are nearly identical in appearance . thus , i did not realize that i had both icons already .
yes , you should be worried . lots of malware disguises itself as something else that the writer thinks you might want to install so that it can get the app onto your phone . if you are at all suspicious about permissions ( and reading phone history is definitely suspicious for a compass app ) , contact the app developer with your questions . an honest dev will get back to you .
this definitely requires some sensible judgement . if the app is from a trusted dev ( top devloper with that symbol ) then you can be rest assured that that app is not any malware . generally , apps which look shady in terms of title and comments are the ones you must proceed with caution .
as recomended by ce4 above , i just followed the steps laid out in this tutorial . samsung galaxy s : full update guide you can download the rom from get . cm here ( original samsung galaxy s variant ) or here ( samsung galaxy s ( b ) variant ) , note these are only for i9000 ( not i9001 or i9003 ) .
is it possible that you are swiping sideways ? the contacts app is on the left of the lockscreen , the phone app on the right , and to unlock you must swipe up
typically your carrier will be using nat so you will have either a private rfc1918 address or an already allocated public ip . a free app like net tools will tell you the ip assigned directly to your phone , so can you have ip communications with your carrier . ( net tools will use netcfg as you have ) . if you go to whatismyip . com you will likely find a different ip though because your connection is behind a nat device . this is why you can not " ping " your phones ip .
you could always use the browser hit one of the many web pages that will tell you what your ip address is . whatsmyip being one such .
this open-source app might fit your needs , called external ip . this simple application will show your ip addresses ( default local and external ) .
so reproducing the solution here for posterity : need to change the default apn to either publicip . apn or vpn.com. all the other settings remain the same as the original default apn ( which is fido-core . appl1 . apn ) . restart the device and voila ! , the phone has a public ip . it can be discovered using adb and netcfg . @martinschröder , thanks a lot for pointing out network info ii tool , its quite useful . only thing is , after tethering the device , it reports an ipv6 rndis ip as the " internal " ip of the device .
get network info ii . it also gives you the name of your gateway .
elixir lets you create a home screen widget that lets you add apps . it is easier to add apps using this widget compared to the long-press method . see the " widgets in home screen " section of the link to see what the widget looks like .
go launcher i use this app ( instead of htc sense ) for my htc sensation . this works great , and there is a lot of different themes and plugins for it . great if you are tired of the standard ui on your phone ! it also solves your problem , when you can add multiple items for your different screens . ( just tap on the ones you would like to have easy access to ) : )
just now i tried this in my nexus 7 and it worked . my nexus 7 has lost its root access after update to 4.3 and i did not bother to root it again - just fyi in case if otg did not work in your nexus 4 . i set up pin as my security option , connected otg cable and connected a mouse . after restart ( mouse did not detect the moment it was connected and worked after reboot only ) i was able to use mouse to click the numbers to enter pin .
as far as i know , every os makes the change at the officially scheduled time for your timezone . this is different in different timezones , but if you have previously observed your windows clock changing at a particular time , you will see any other os changing at the same time . the exact time is set by the government : programmers do not just pick a time they think would be nice .
first , that setting is enforced by the os ( so it is not for the app to decide whether to observe that setting ) . put in easy words : android will not let an app access the network unless it is running in foreground ( i.e. . the user is interacting with it ) with the restriction enabled for it . explained with a plastic example : restrict background data on the google play store app ( as i did ) , it will not anymore check for updates in background while you are on mobile data . but it will do so when you are using wifi . also , when you call up the app to install something , it will work as long as you keep it in foreground ( i.e. . not switch to another app while it is still downloading ) .
according to this xda-thread an apple usb-> ethernet adapte r works on a similar ics device . so technically it should work . but it in your case it could be hardware limitation , so you should try it out before buying . just go to an apple store and ask kindly ; - )
well , i rebooted the phone and it is working fine now , but still not sure why this happens . it happened to me twice and works fine when i reboot the phone . this is not an answer to my question but more like a solution to overcome that
i waited very impatiently for the jellybean update for few days last week and finally did this to get jb on my galaxy nexus . manually trigger the update by clearing the data in google services framework and then check for system update in settings . you might have to do this multiple times though . i had to do it 5 times to get the update . you might be lucky to get it in fewer attempts as well . btw , i got my phone from us and i stay in india . i am not really sure if this really matters .
i had the same problem : i bought my phone from amazon . com and got stuck on 4.0.2 with no ota upgrades . when i looked into it , it turned out that i was running a firmware ( yakjujp ) that was set to get updates from samsung , as opposed to getting them directly from google . first you need to determine if your device is receiving updates directly from google , which you can tell from its build name . i ended up temporarily installing this application ( warning : contains gratuitous ads ) and looking at the " brand " field . if you are not on " yakju " then you will need to switch builds in order to get official updates from google . i followed these painful windows instructions while i really should have looked at these ones instead ( and ignored most of the steps given how much easier this process is on linux ) . the whole procedure can be summarized like this : backup your phone . unlock the boot loader ( which erases everything ) . reboot into fastboot ( hold down volume up and volume down then press the power button ) . flash all of the different firmware images . reboot and reinstall/reconfigure apps . this is summarized from a blog post i wrote about manually moving to the " vanilla " 4.0.4 yakju firmware , and shortly after i received the 4.1.1 ota update from google .
there are many variations of the galaxy nexus . most likely , your phone is yakjuxw , which gets the updates from samsung . the other phone is either yakju or takju , which use google 's own updates , which are released quicker . the versions are interchangeable , if you do not account for international customizations or possible carrier modifications . for example , see my answer here on how to change the yakjuxw firmware to takju jelly bean , which can be then officially upgraded to 4.1.1 via ota .
if you do not use your gps at all , just turn it off . locations services will not be enabled and the " places " evernote service will not be used .
1 . first turn -on your gps 2 . go to evernote settings 3 . under general settings you can find " other options " 4 . uncheck " use gps satellites " option . also uncheck " use wireless networks " if you did not turn on your gps , " use gps satellites " option get greyed out . now your note will not store your location .
delivery reports are operator ( sender and receiver ) dependent feature . this will be successful only if both cooperates ( usually happens ) . my operator bsnl is quite unreliable especially to the smss sent to international numbers . several times it has happened for me - i would have not received a delivery report where as the receiver would have replied to my sms ! i would suggest to follow these steps to ensure that the options are set correctly : make sure the delivery report option is ticked . in my lgp500 the user interface is quite confusing if you are in a hurry . make sure the delivery report option is set for sms and not for mms - i fell for this quite a few times when ever i do factory reset . set the validity period to maximum . try sending a test sms to a phone number of the same operator of yours and it will be helpful , if you can ensure the delivery yourself - like getting a reply from the receiver . as @sid said , the delivery reports are just seen as a small glyph like this : in my phone , i also get a toast message ( a message saying delivered for few seconds ) . on long press on the message i had sent , i will have an option view report which will give the status as failure/pending/delivered .
in android , ( particularly in ics ) , you do not get a pop up delivery notification as the ordinary phones . instead there will be a tick in front of the date of your message . that is the maximum delivery notification you get . if you really need some bigger notification , you can use an apps like delivery reports , delivery reporter+ , messaging notification , etc .
this is because pentile matrixes do not render full pixels , but instead convert the pixels for subpixel rendering . the pixel is set either around a red or a blue subpixel , depending on the desired color value , as can be seen in the image represented by the diagonal rectangles . the advantage is that fewer subpixels are needed to create a certain dpi , but the image quality is not as good as in traditional rbg matrices .
somebody mentioned tasker ? so here i am . and in fact you could do that with tasker and the help of the secure settings plugin : create a new task : plugins -> secure settings -> locale picker ( pick your target locale here ) app -> run ( select the app to run ) plugins -> secure settings -> locale picker ( pick your original locale here ) assign an icon to this task on a free place of your homescreen , long press , add a tasker widget , pick this task i did not test it , but it should work like this .
check on xda-developers for your device . search for root in xperia zl/zq forum . ( is not xperia zq also known as xperia zl in other parts ? ) rooting will void your warranty and in very rare cases can also brick your phone . follow all instruction given very carefully . rooting probably will not affect lte for your region .
no , or at least not in a way that can not be automated away . titanium backup can install apps without the user seeing this prompt , for example . it may require root to do this . without root , only the system can access the areas needed to install apps . so barring any bugs , apps can only be installed by the system and the system will show the permissions if the market has not already . i do not have documentation of this , but the source code is freely available :p edit : eldarerathis points out the aosp security page , which indicates that the permissions dialog will be presented on app install , although adb install does not require this ( presumably because you have physical access to the device in that case ) . this is also confirmed by another official resource that sbaskin89 found .
what exactly did happen there for that to occur ? the only way this can happen is by going into settings > storage , scroll down to the bottom and it says " unmount sd card " , at this point it is already unmounted so that would show by now the following " mount sd card " ?
since the update to google maps last year you should now use google maps engine to create custom maps and access these on android via the corresponding maps engine app . from desktop maps you can get to maps engine by clicking in the search box and then clicking ' my custom maps ' . to import existing maps saved to ' classic ' my maps : go to ' my custom maps ' then ' see all my custom maps ' in the ' open a map ' window , select ' classic my maps ' tick the maps you want to import and then ' select ' followed by ' import ' you should then be able to find these maps in the android maps engine app under ' open a map ' > ' classic maps ' . if your map was not created by you ( will show as ' bookmarked ' rather than ' created by you ' in my places ) then you might need to re-import it into ' my places ' as kml to make it available to import into maps engine . . . click the name of the map in ' my places ' ( found by clicking the little cog icon in the bottom right of ' new ' maps or at https://www.google.co.uk/maps/mm ) in the left hand panel copy the link to the kml file back at ' my places ' , click ' create with classic my maps ' give the map a title then ' import ' paste in the url of the kml link and ' upload from url ' you should now be able to go back to maps engine and import the map as above .
the program that your phone ask to install is pc companion . you can skip the pc companion installation . if you need to connect in msc mode in settings-> xperia connectivity-> usb connectivity-> usb connection mode-> msc
ifttt . specifically , with the ifttt android app . the android location channel can trigger when you enter ( or exit ) an area you define . simply use one of the metric ton of possible actions ( e . g . , pushover , pushbullet , sms , android notifications , etc . ) with it . ( browse the recipes that use android location for some ideas . )
ask your railway company . or your government . or both . the dutch railways ( ns ) has an app where you can plan train trips , but also get notifications when you need to check in and out and change trains , and realtime information about delays and schedule changes . and since all public transport data is freely available in my country ( and some others ) , there are other apps that can do the exact same . so just search for the names of your transportation comnpanies in the play store , and see what you find . you may be surprised .
automation apps like condi ( free ) or tasker ( $2.99 ) can allow you to configure rules based on specific criteria . i personally have used condi and , though it cannot calculate the time it takes to get to a location like google maps does , it can display a notification/alert when you are within a certain distance of a point ( eg . within 500 meters of your stop ) that you can select using maps . it is also very configurable for other very useful automated behavior .
according to a thread in the yarvik forum ( besides , the first hit on a google search for yarvik tab411 root ) , you should be able to use the superoneclick tool . but while the name suggests " one click " should be pretty easy , it might be not the case . however , you will need to : download superoneclick e.g. from here download and install the device drivers ( for your device , possibly to be found on the yarvik 's support pages ) on your windows machine activate usb debugging on your device run the superoneclick application as administrator ( oops ) on windows 7 now the most difficult : click the " root " button : ) as i have no yarvik tablet , i could not check the above . it is just the result from a little google search -- so forgive me in case it fails . . .
well , it does not really answer my question , but upon further reflection , and without any good information available , we have decided to stick to only the officially supported locale list and to just be careful about how we translate for those locales . for example , we will provide two sets of spanish translations , es and us , and will be careful to make the us translations appropriate for the wider latin american spanish-speaking audience , rather than being us-specific .
from prior experience in building aosp before , the language strings for all aspects of the system , are stored in xml file , found in the aosp source framework/base/core/res/res . inside that directory in the source , there is values-xxx/strings . xml and values-xxx/do-not-translate . xml , where xxx is the iso country code based on the standard guidelines . this gets built and generated into framework-res . apk found in the rom 's live system under /system/framework . on an existing rom , its possible to ' sort of ' add translations into it by decompiling it but the effort would not be worth it as the xml data is compiled and " gets lost in translation " . i say ' sort of ' very loosely , as either the outcome would be it may work or it may not work , but the effort would be big and possibly break existing core android functionality . you can most certainly add a language add-on for the keyboards but that is about it . from the aspect of developers , where localization is concerned , the principle is pretty much the same as in the aosp source . so if the developer wants to add in french language support , he/she can simply create a values-fr/strings . xml and shove in there , the french translations and so on . of course , there will be variants such as canadian french , swiss french , for example . so their files , would be values-fr-rca/strings . xml , values-fr-rch to cite the example . this is where cm has the most languages support and are in a state-of-flux due to users spotting mis-translations etc . only google provides the core languages - such as italian , french , german , spanish , english ( both us/uk ) to name but a few .
i do not think so . while you are ( they are ) on to something with the high amount of untapped cpu cycles accessible via android ( and other mobile ) phones - the limiting factor tends to be that users do not want their batteries drained to compute fractals ( or something of the sort ) . if you were to create a service , however , that worked only while the phones were charging , that would be a completely different matter . however , doing so greatly reduces the time that would be available to tap those cpu cycles . [ edit ] - and further notes . . . at one point i had investigated ( fairly heavily ) creating a distributed database system that would reside on mobile phones to support basic apps that did not want to rely on a rest service . ultimately , it came down to the lack of unlimited power that made it not worthwhile . the goal still seems a bit of a holy grail in mobile application programming - create a distributed system that can take a service and database schema , and then add in a discovery and hash system to keep track of live nodes that had data . moving all of that information around could bog down a 3g connection - but a few years from now that will not be much of an issue i think .
it is also available in cm9: if you have selected " edit " for a contact , the overflow/context menu will show the " join " option .
merge exists in cm 6 - edit the contact , select " join " - if it is not in 7 , it is a regression .
the syncronization between google reader ( web ) and google listen ( phone app for listening podcasts ) is limited to podcast subscriptions and marking episodes as read/listened and unread/unlistened . there is no direct way to add episodes to your listen " my listen items " queue from reader . you can still access old episodes from listen by scrolling down and clicking repeatedly on the " load more episodes . . . " link at the bottom , and you can add them to queue from there . of course , this is not as friendly as selecting them from reader . however , here 's a workaround that might work : in google reader , add a specific tag of your choice to the old episodes you are interested in . in google reader , go to " manage subcriptions -> folders and tags " to make your tag public . access the public page of the tag to get its atom feed . that link should be a valid podcast feed containing only the episodes you have tagged ( even from multiple different podcasts ) . ( this is the step i cound't get to work ) somehow subscribe to that created feed from listen . since you can not add a tag directly to a folder in reader , you need to subscribe to the atom feed of the tag , and from " manage subscriptions " add that feed to the " listen subscriptions " folder . however , i coulnd't get listen to show any items in that subscription , even though it looks ok when viewed in reader . these questions might also help : podcast app which supports old episodes well ? alternative to google listen ?
rehearsalassistant is what i ended up using . it is ok for now .
you can use the tapemachine recorder ( it is a paid app ) , it can record in high quality audio format . here 's the link to market
also tape-a-talk works well and has a free version .
dictadroid full or lite is also a good choice , here 's the advertisment text from google 's play store : dictadroid turns your android phone into a professional , high-quality dictation machine and voice recorder . use it to record voice dictations , notes , meetings , music , or any other audio and share it via email , mms , box , or dropbox . dictadroid is very simple to use and has many unique features , including : - pause/resume while recording or playing - insert/overwrite recording modes - record/play in the background or while screen is off - save audio files in wav format - share via email , mms , box , and dropbox - bulk delete/share operations - assign new or existing photo to a recording - use in any orientation ( portrait/landscape ) - sort recordings by date or title
it should work with maps ( + ) ( or its ad-financed free version maps ( - ) offline navigation ) . this app was developed for exactly this purpose ( even before google labs introduced the " pre-caching " feature ) . i never tried it myself , but the comments look promising as well . maps ( + ) ( source : google playstore ; click image to enlarge )
nope - there is no way at this time of writing to download maps for google maps other than using google maps itself . if it denies downloading due to selection of large area , there is no way to do it other then using another app . if you would like to use a different mapping app , still using google 's offline maps or other maps like openstreetmap , you may try using trekbuddy . to know more about it , you can read about it from its wiki page and/or see these questions : how to have my phone guide me through a specific route how to get maps for off-line usage ? how to import gps coordinates track for using offline
firefox was never the default android browser . the actual default browser is based on the open-source webkit engine , which also powers the safari browser on desktops , laptops and apple 's ios-based mobile devices . in the other hand , chrome is based in chromium and offers more options and performance than the stock browser .
first of all , do a nandroid backup to save the current state of the phone . get a rom that can be flashed via recovery ( usually . zip , not . img or . tar . img ) , then just execute : adb shell mount /sdcard adb push &lt;romname.zip&gt; /sdcard  if the first option to mount the sdcard fails , you can manually mount if from recovery . also sdcard path might vary from rom or recovery . once the rom is uploaded to the phone , you can then use the recovery option to install it . if you are comming from a different rom , be sure to wipe /system , /data and /cache .
although the sony xperia tipo is listed by freexperia as a supported device , the tipo dual is not . it is not clear from the site , so it may simply be that ( the unofficial port of ) cyanogenmod can not access the sim cards in that device .
this did the trick guys . this give system output as string and looks for string length to confirm the presence of an app in the device . its usually an empty string that is received for a package name that does not exist in the device .
manually backup all the data with the help of below mentioned steps so as to make sure that just in case if the data gets lost or corrupted , the same can be restored with the help of below mentioned steps . make sure that you don’t use any sorts of pc suites like htc sync to back up the data as it won’t help you restore the data smoothly . sms – use “ sms backup and restore app ” contacts – sync with the gmail application call log - call log and restore images , songs , videos , files – copy to internal / external sd card apn and mms settings – note down from the path “applications > settings > wireless and network > mobile networks > access point names” enable the usb debugging from the path “ settings > applications > development > usb debugging ” make sure that the minimum battery life should be 30% so as to ensure that the phone doesn’t get turned off in the middle of update . disable / uninstall all the security suites installed in your phone . let’s head to the procedure which will help you update your phone with the latest firmware of jellybean 4.1 firmware . procedure to update at and t htc one x with jellybean 4.1 firmware : 1 . download the official jellybean 4.1 firmware update from here to your computer . once downloaded , you need to place the same in your device’s root or in the phone’s storage and not in any of the sub folders . 2 . now , disconnect the device from computer if you have connected the phone and then turn off the device so that it can be entered in the recovery mode . to enter htc one x in the recovery mode , press the volume down button and while doing this , press and hold the power button for a period of 10 seconds till you see the fastboot screen . 3 . in fastboot mode , use the volume keys to navigate to the recovery option and then press the power button . after this , you will see the htc logo on the screen and the screen will go blank with an exclamation mark and a triangle . 4 . now , press and hold both the volume up and down key and then while holding them , press and release the power button . after releasing the volume rocker key , you will get a blue menu along with a set of options which will indicate that the device has been successfully landed in the recovery mode . 5 . now , select “apply update from internal storage” from the option and press the power button . you will need to select the update file which you have placed in the phone storage and press the power button to confirm the same . it will take around 3 -5 minutes for applying the update and once it’s done , you need to select the option of “reboot system now” for rebooting the device in the normal mode . source note:do it at your own risk , no one can held responsible .
you could achieve this in two ways : have titanium create an update.zip with the wanted data . this you could then simply flash , and you are done titanium also supports a kind of " tags": setup a filter matching all the stuff you want , and save the selection as a tag ( or tag the wanted items manually ) . then select by tag and backup . make sure to have titanium sync its settings to your sdcard . after the rom upgrade , first re-install tb ( which then syncs with its settings from the sdcard ) , select the items by tag , and restore .
check first your microsd card if it is properly mounted and most importantly have .mp3 in your music folder . i had far too many instances where others copied only the shortcut of the mp3 file to their folder , then came looking for me telling that their phone does not detect the music :o the folder where your music is stored also must not have a .nomedia file present or all files will be ignored . lastly , try rescanning your memory card using this app
this one took me a while . go into " personalize tweetcaster " in settings and change " url action " to " ask " .
full device/disk encryption can only be done correct with os privileges . that is why there is no such app . but newer android versions and some roms provide this features . have a look at " are there any known rom ( s ) with full device encryption incorporated ? "
in short : both llama and tasker have the wifi network connected/disconnected state where you may trigger tasks/actions . tasker also has a wifi near state so that you do not have to be connected to a network for a task to trigger , whereas llama does not .
in tasker create a new State based context and choose Net as state category . then choose Wifi Near as net action : this will bring a screen where you can input data about the wifi access point you are interested in . if you are near the desired wifi access point then you could just press the scan button ( the button with lens symbol at left end of the text SSID ) . this scans the near by access points and lists its details . simply select the one which you are interested in . now you are good to go to add an entry task and exit task to whatever you want .
solved this by installing image 2 wallpaper . one would expect such basic features out of the box . .
you may try wallpaper changer from " j4velin development " . i hope this may do the trick for you . you can also customize the desktop by rotating a bunch of wallpapers . this app automatically adjust the background in the best possible way . i know you found out your own way . but if you are interested , give it a try via this link
you just have to enable usb debugging mode . go to settings scroll down to developer options . under that the first option is usb debugging . enable that
it sounds like the brightness control in the hardware is broken . perhaps when the mechanic installed it he did not manage to connect the ribbon cable correctly . there is no way an app can work around such a hardware problem . you should return your phone to the mechanic and ask him to actually fix it this time .
my nexus ran the battery flat and would not restart , although i did not have the backlight issue that you mention . there are a number of tricks suggested at : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2668668?hl=en which involve powering on and pressing volume buttons . this worked for me and the nexus now behaves as well as it ever did .
the problem is that the device was stuck in fastboot . i had to use adb to get into the bootloader , and change to normal boot from there . now , everything works . i assume he let the device run out of power while updating , as it completed updating once it was out of fastboot . thanks for all the help you gave me . you may not have solved my problem , but i still appreciate it .
go to http://www.google.com/calendar ( on a desktop computer ) and login with the same gmail as your phone . on the left hand side bar there is " other calendars " . click the drop down to the right of that , then choose " add by url " . in the modal dialog , enter the url of the . ics calendar file . then click add calendar . now open google calendar app on your phone . hit the menu button --> more --> calendars . you should see the email you just added under your gmail account . enable syncing for it and then hit ok . you should now have the most up to date copy of that calendar on your phone .
maybe icssync would be a better option for you : icssync is an android app for syncing calendars between an android device and an ics file ( icalendar ) on a ftp/webdav server ( plain webdav or svn ) or stored in a file ( e . g . your dropbox-folder ) . so you can keep your calendar entries up-to-date automatically . alternative candidates exist as well in the playstore , e.g. calendarsync ( a bit expensive with ~ usd 10 ) , or caldav sync ( ~ usd 3 ) .
you might want to take a look at torrent manager : torrent manager allows you to take control of your remote utorrent , vuze / azureus , transmission and deluge clients . with this app you will be able to list , add , remove , start , stop and manage the queue order all your torrents from your remote desktop . other , similar alternatives are e.g. torrenttoise and remote transmission ( transmission is a torrent client on linux , so this is not for you ) . find more on appbrain ( or google " tiles " play ) by following their related apps ; )
you do not need to back up media files or app data . they are in device 's internal storage . if you are performing a factory reset these datas wont be erased unless you select Erase Internal Storage when performing a factory reset . if you still need to backup the media files or app data , connect your xperia s to a pc and backup the files in the pc .
most ( pretty much all ) usb keyboards and mice support the usb hid protocol . you might not be able to use some special " media keys " or other advanced features , but standard features will work without additional drivers . as for routing usb input to standard android ui events , i suspect they will do it ( they had be stupid not to ) but could not find any conclusive information as of yet .
i have just tried a normal microsoft usb mouse on my asus eee pad transformer running android 3.1 . it works just fine both in pre-installed applications ( i tried the browser ) and in third-party applications that i am pretty sure have no dedicated support ( they are not even adapted to 3.0 yet ) . and as @patrick noted , pretty much all usb mice and keyboards support the usb hid protocol , so you will not need specific per-mouse drivers .
i also own the same phone had the same problem . the solution : start your phone before it restarts , switch off bluetooth . it might restart again after switching off bluetooth but once done it will work well without restarting .
if that does not work repair it with sus update service ( sus ) http://www.sonymobile.com/gb/tools/update-service/ update_service_setup-2.11.12.5 . exe
wipe system data in recovery . then , flash the phone .
glympse seems like a good alternative . just pick who you want to share with , and for how long , and they can follow you on their phones or computers ( and they do not need glympse installed ) .
i have not used it myself , but i have noticed neer in the market -- it sounds like what you are looking for .
unlike the note 2 , the s4 does not have the " available buttons " section in the notification panel . so , you cannot remove the items .
figured it out . . . go to the wifi settings , hit the menu key and choose " advanced " , and uncheck " avoid poor connections " .
for the first question ( and the 3rd if i am understanding you correctly ) , since you are presumably rooted , a simple method for getting a look at things would be to install busybox ( if you have not already ) and a terminal emulator and use the du utility . for example , if i want to look at how much space each app 's own data is taking up , i would use du -d 1 -h /data/data , which gives me the contents of /data/data ( where all the apps ' data is stored ) to 1 level deep ( just the directories directly below /data/data , which are all named after the apps ' package names ) and give me the sizes in human readable format ( kilobytes , megabytes , etc . ) . this will tell you exactly how much data every app on your device is storing . you can point this wherever you like . for the 3rd question , you had simply point it at wherever link2sd mounts its storage . for persistent storage , just look at /data/app , which is where the apks themselves are stored . for further info on the usage of du , refer to the busybox manual .
just tap and hold the point of interest on the map , and then tap the location when it pops up . then select what is nearby ? .
i have not tried this , but since android is not so different than the underlying linux system , you might be able to do the same thing as described here . the device file name might be different though and you might need to be rooted .
cyanogenmod has a good overview with many devices and a full update guide per device ( captivate as example here ) . here is an explanation of commonly used terminology ( fastboot , adb… ) . there are some differences between manufacturers/brands : google : very easy , with standard tools ( adb , fastboot ) sony : rather easy , all standard tools + special tool ( flashtool by androxyde ) , locked bootloader that needs an unlock code from website ( not possible for all branded phones ) motorola : rather hard to mod , locked bootloaders samsung : rather easy , unlocked bootloaders ( except for some branded phones )
i appreciated the presentation video of rom manager , the best known app to backup a phone and install a new rom : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=psmi8kmbney
first , you need a " dyndns " account , so from outside , you can connect to your home network without knowing the ( daily changing ) public ip . then , you install ssh on the nas ( i guess you will use linux , e.g. ubuntu server lts ) . i would recommend forwarding another port to ssh , like 12345 , in order to stop at least basic , automated scans from finding your ssh server . as client , i would recommend es file explorer . connect to your nas by sftp . it is using strong encryption .
there is no direct relation between the chrome mobile and any firefox version . what you can do , is to synchronize the information from your chrome mobile to the chrome desktop version , and then , using a desktop application , pass the bookmarks for any other browser . xmarks is a free bookmark sync application that supports among others , synchronization between google chrome and mozilla firefox : install xmarks on each computer you use , and it seamlessly integrates with your web browser and keeps your bookmarks safely backed up and in sync . xmarks will sync across browsers too . today we support firefox , chrome , internet explorer , and safari ( mac os ) . additionally , you can go premium and benefit from the android application to ease the process : premium features overview xmarks on android the xmarks mobile app for android is available in the google play store . you can also install via lastpass.com/xmarks.apk it lets xmarks premium users access all their desktop bookmarks and open tabs on their device . supports google android 1.5+ xmarks for premium customers by lastpass available from google play store . bookmark sync and web discovery application that will allow you to carry your xmarks ( formerly foxmarks ) data around with you . sync bookmarks with android browser add , update , and delete bookmarks view open remote tabs as for the remaining browser capabilities , like saved passwords , afaik you can only pass them to the google chrome desktop version .
i have an siii on ics and when i add an event to the calendar i have a " privacy " option which allows me to choose default , private , or public , however i sync my calendar with google calendar and not with exchange .
many media scanner apps do not work as expected on kitkat . after trying couple of such apps i found that the media scan function in fx file explorer app works 100% every time you use it . it successfully updates your gallery with the changes . get fx file explorer from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nextapp.fx open this app , go to ' main storage ' and run ' rescan media ' from menu . tested on nexus 5 , android 4.4.2
solved ( at least layar is not being showed as installed anymore ) . on this site i found that i could also remove the /data/app/com.layar.apk file . i did it and now i have +8mb of free space on my galaxy .
saw this on another site : ryan answered 4 weeks ago i was having the same issue after i updated my galaxy s3 to android 4.3 . i think i just fixed it . here 's what i did : from the home screen , click the apps icon open the " downloads " app in my case the files that kept showing up in the notification pull down were in the other downloads tab click the " clear list " button at the bottom of the screen after a restart i did not get any more notifications . source : just did this myself .
it is not very uncommon for cyanogen to have some problem with battery status reading . things you can try : turn off the phone and take off the battery for a while ; let the battery fully drain and then reset the battery calibration on clockwork recovery ; try an app like this . i am not sure why , but when i changed my battery visualization to a percentage view instead of the default ( in the cyanogen configuratons ) , the battery lectures of my smartphone started to give me wrong readings . when i switched back , it got back to normal after a fully recharging .
yes , instacamera , made in new zealand . . . !
you need to get this information from your university . ask the it department to walk you through it or just give you the necessary information . from what you have said : email accounts are provided by microsoft . seems to me they are using exchange in a windows domain ( i could be wrong ) . therefore , you will need a server link , domain name , username , and password . also , on a separate note , you should do some research on how email works and email protocols ( pop3 , imap , smtp , exchange , gmail , and so on ) . here 's a helpful link : email protocols : pop , imap and mapi
you can download an app like quickpic that is a local gallery viewer and delete only local copies that way . it is probably the easiest way . i have no idea why google photos has no options to delete only the local copy , forgetting such an essential feature is such a google thing to do .
when using the photos app it will do that for you . if you use the gallery app it will only manipulate the local images , therefore deleting the local ones . the gallery app comes with nexus 4 .
https://support.google.com/hangouts/answer/3118600?hl=en this does not work ? i have not tried it , because i do not have hangouts on my phone . edit 1 sign out of hangouts tip : if you don’t want to receive notifications , enable snooze notifications . touch menu > ​ settings > touch your google account > scroll to the bottom and touch sign out .
you can unlock phones a few ways : 1 ) buy an unlocked phone 2 ) unlock via 3rd party software that will more than likely result in a voided warranty 3 ) wait for carrier commitment to be up and then ask them to unlock . the thing with trying to unlock phones from different carriers though , is that verizon is cdma and att is gsm . so with that , you can unlock the phone yes , but whether it will work on att ( be it at all or how well ) is up to you . my guess is that voice/text will work fine , but you will not get any data until you edit the apn and then it is up in the air .
try installing betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you granular data about how your phone 's battery is being drained . you know the power hog is google reader but these apps can help you determine if the app is killing the battery because it is using a ton of data or if it is initiating long or frequent wake-locks . . . if i had to guess without any more info , i would guess that reader is updating in the background frequently and consuming a lot of data .
connect to the wifi network . install dropbox/google drive or any other similar service on your computer . install the app for the same service on your phone . and then go into your favorite photo browser/gallery and send the files over to the service and then you will have them automatically on your computer ( if you have installed the applications ) . this also gives you a backup of the photos and videos . simple steps one by one , with my recommended service : connect to wifi with your cellphone if you dont have a google account , make one here : google signup . most likely you have a google account , when you have an android phone . otherwise , you can not download apps through the google play . install " google drive " on your computer . you can download it from the google drive download page . install " google drive " on your phone . download it from the google play store . go into your favorite photo browser or gallery app on your phone . you can then select all files or only the ones you wanna transfer , and choose the " share" ( ) button and choose " google drive " . it will then use some time depending on the internet connection you have . you can then go on your computer and find the files inside the " google drive " folder . your files is now safely saved/backed up on three devices . your computer , phone and " google drive " . i hope this solution works for you . you can also make a permanent solution by downloading and using foldersync wich will automatically upload photos to google drive when you take photos or videos .
you can use an app such as wifi tiles transfer . all you have to do is to download the app and clicking the start button . then you can go to the server page you are given ( on the app screen ) and you can access all the files and folders of your phone memory .
you can do this without root permissions as its built into android ics . just go to : settings -> backup and reset then when you setup the tablet you can restore all the wi-fi data from your phone when you sync from the same google account .
as you are rooted : wireless network data are stored in data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf -- so you could basically copy all its network entries from one device and insert them on the other . the entries look like network={ ssid="Telekom" key_mgmt=NONE priority=42 }  an easier way would be using the app wlan backup and recovery ( root ) : backup all entries on one device , and restore them on the other . as you can see in below screenshot , the tool can even send the backup by mail -- so transfer to the other device should be easy : but reading the comments on this app suggests it does not always work as expected : users even recommend to use the manual way i described above . another option is using titanium backup , and restore the wifi data on the other device . i did that successfully a couple of times , also cross-device and cross-rom . third option is offered by the app wifi passwords ( about usd 1 ) , which allows you to share networks .
if you are literally sitting at the bootloader screen , the volume buttons will scroll between boot options and the power button will select . simply use the volume buttons until it has " start " selected and then press the power button to select it . this will boot your device normally . if for some reason it is stuck at the bootloader and will not accept input , removing the battery should be fine provided that you are not in the middle of executing a fastboot command of some kind . note that if you are getting a response of &lt;waiting for device&gt; from fastboot that it is not doing anything on the phone 's side . that means that it cannot communicate with the phone , and as such the bootloader itself is basically idle at that point . since you noted in a comment that you were concerned about the bootloader erasing things : the bootloader process in and of itself does not do this . the purpose of the bootloader is to allow you to boot into various different modes of the phone ( such as recovery and a normal boot ) . in the pc world a bootloader is often used to dual boot two different operating systems , with the bootloader menu being what allows a user to select which os they want . the only time that your data will be erased is when you execute the fastboot oem unlock or fastboot oem lock commands or if you explicitly erase a partition in some other way ( fastboot erase , for example ) . simply booting into your bootloader does not affect your data in any way .
go to settings> wireless and network> usb settings . disable usb debugging if promted and select the usb mode you want . kies for syncing with the kies application on the desktop or mass storage for mounting the /sdcard and /sdcard/external_sd partitions
you can accomplish this by disconnecting the stereo audio ( a2dp ) profile from your headset . this still keeps your headset paired with the hands-free profile . you can do this by opening bluetooth settings , long-pressing your attached device and unchecking stereo audio .
if the pairing settings keep reverting back to using both media and phone , try my app , soundabout . it lets you set the media audio , and phone call audio settings separately .
i just installed orbot awhile ago , and i got it working on my rooted samsung galaxy s4 . you need to set the proxy for your apn . go to System Settings &gt; More networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; APN . open your existing apn , and take note of the settings . you need to make a clone of this apn ( so that you will still have the original apn , and have another apn that goes through tor ) . go back to the apns page , and create a new apn , copying the settings from the other apn . then , set these : proxy : localhost port : 8118 after that , make sure you select the newly-created apn as your new apn . your network will refresh in a bit . open your browser and open check.torproject.org . if it was successful , you should see something like this : warning : if you use the gmail app ( or in my case , kaiten configured with my gmail ) , it may detect unauthorized access , and you may be asked to reset your gmail password online .
if you deny superuser access it works . at least on my vzw s4 it does .
logcat does not need root . simples - its a de-facto standard across the board in respect to different android versions and is part of android irrespective if you are rooted or not , and is a standard means for diagnosing problems as in for example - you install an app , the app force close , you complain to developer of said app , chances are quite high the developer will ask " send over the logcat " regardless if you are rooted or not ! alogcat is one way of gathering the information , with the option of logging to webpage layout or plain text , bear in mind , if you schedule it to log at a certain frequency such as every 15 minutes , the sdcard will fill up quite quickly . another aspect , usage of logcat will be dependent on the kernel in terms of how much it can store - in any kernel that is used by the rom , the source for the logging from a kernel level , where it reserves the memory for the logcat service can be found in drivers/staging/android/logger.c using the appropriate defines for example : define_logger_device ( log_main , logger_log_main , 64*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_events , logger_log_events , 256*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_radio , logger_log_radio , 64*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_system , logger_log_system , 64*1024 ) again , mileage will vary , some developers of such roms will choose to minimize consumption to reduce memory overheads . . .
no , you do not need root to access logcat . my device ( samsung galaxy note , gingerbread 2.3.6 with stock rom ) is not rooted ( yet ! ) and i have used the following ways to access log on my device : catlog app alogcat app activated sshdroid app , and connected to the device terminal using an ssh client using android sdk and running adb logcat however , the terminal app does not allow you to run logcat , and gives you " permission denied " . i am not sure why .
no , you do not need root to get logcat information . to do it , you probably want to download the android sdk and run " adb logcat " , using the adb tool that comes with the sdk . alternatively , you could install the adt eclipse plugin and use its handy streaming logcat viewer .
it seems you cannot run logcat from terminal emulator without having root on your phone . in this case you have to su first . afaik , it comes from android permissions : terminal emulator simply does not have enough permissions to view device 's log . so the system says permission denied . on the other hand , as others said , there are plenty of apps that allow you to view device 's log just because they request the permission .
you do not need to root your phone to run adb logcat with the android sdk , but i did just test it in my terminal emulator and i did have to be root ( used the su command -- my phone is already rooted ) to run logcat in the terminal on my phone . so yes : if you have root on your phone you can run logcat from a terminal on your phone .
these free apps in the market claim to be able to display your logcat , and do not make any mention of root . should only take you a few minutes to try them out : catlog alogcat logviewer edit : thanks to @mente for reminding me that these apps will only let you view the full logfile in older versions of android . android 4.1 brought in a new security model around logfiles that meant that apps could only read their own logfiles and logfile entries , and can not read logfile entries written by the system or other apps . there is however still both a way for an app 's user to generate a logfile of the app 's recent log entries to be sent to a developer , and for a phone 's owner to grant permissions to allow an app to read the logfile without full root , but this does require you to use an adb command , which unfortunately takes it out of the reach of most normal phone users : if you want the user to give you debugging information , you can have them generate a bug report with power + volume down + volume up which includes the logs and lots of other data , and automatically brings up their e-mail app to sent it all ( plus a screenshot ) . we were just discussing that we should have an easier way to generate these as well , i am going to look at adding something to the settings app . i also have started introducing the concept of a " development " permission , which read logs is classified as . this allows the app to request the permission , but not get it at install . you can however grant it with an adb shell command once it is installed . at some point later i expect to have a ui in the system for doing this , but we are going to hold off on that to be careful about how we present this . excerpt from a post on google groups by dianne hackborn , android framework engineer . my emphasis . the mentioned adb command to grant an application permission to read the logs is : adb shell pm grant &lt;pkg&gt; android.permission.READ_LOGS  this setting should survive reboots and upgrades of the app ( but not uninstalls/reinstalls ) .
the application android system info has the ability to output log info to the screen which as far as i can tell is the same log info as logcat spits out .
follow the following steps exactly . start up your rooted and unlocked nexus 7 . install " es file manager " from the play store . start " es file manager " and go to " settings\root settings " and tick all boxes . go to http://d-h.st/e57 and download the file from your nexus 7 . go to your "/sdcard/download/" folder . long press on the " media_profiles . xml . zip " file and select " extract to " . leave as default and hit " ok " . go to "/sdcard/download/media_profiles . xml/" long press on the " media_profiles_new-3fe47816232d5037339532623a9019f88d6ab143 . xml " file and select " rename " . rename it as " media_profiles . xml " . long press again , and select " copy " . navigate to "/etc/" and hit " paste " in the top bar ( 2nd last icon ) allow es file manager to overwrite the existing file . long press on " media_profiles . xml " and select " properties " ( might need to scroll down ) . tick every single box and apply . restart and launch your camera app and select video . then hit the circle in the bottom left and hit the settings button that appears in the middle of your screen . it should already read "720p hd " and you can press that to change between that and "480p " . any questions , please do not hesitate to ask !
this depends entirely on the oem and what features they decide to put in their devices . however , i have used a panorama feature since the beginning ( 2.3 gingerbread ) on my nexus s , and have had it all the way till my 4.2 galaxy nexus , so i can say that the stock android camera app has panorama , at least 2.3 onwards . beyond that , device specific panorama is dependent on the oem . you could always use third party apps , like this one , which supports android 2.1 and above .
i think uninstalling angry birds and then reinstalling it should fix the problem .
that means something 's wrong with the package setup . for your reference , here are a few links with more detailed information : android duplicate provider authority - stack overflow android duplicate provider authority problem - stack overflow angry birds seasons summer pignic now available | angrybirdsnest ( search for " duplicate provider " on this page , should appear around the middle ) duplicate provider authority error when installing k-9 mail - google groups recommendation : contact developer ( for security reasons both developers , in case somebody faked the signature ) . it is most likely a copy-and-paste error during the packaging process , so the developer might release a fixed update soon .
a few things to consider : make sure the hdtv adapter is connected to a usb power such as the wall or a pc ( the usb from the tvs do not give enough power ) have you tried the hdmi to display port adapter with another hdmi output such as your laptop or pc ? maybe this is faulty try using an hdmi to dvi adaptor try another hdmi monitor to ensure its not your monitor
another u2412m user here since displayport has been ruled out , dvi is supposed to be good alternative since it is " electrically compatible " with hdmi . unfortunately , that is not the case for android device + u2412m : ( i have personally tested microhdmi - dvi ( xperia pro mk16 ) and mhl - dvi cable ( htc one m7 ) with this monitor , none of those combinations appear to work . the monitor simply reverts to sleep mode within 5 minutes . edit : mhl works only in 640x480 resolution , and i must pull the power from the monitor usb hub , previously i only tried plugging the mhl usb plug to wall charger with no success . i have also tested different cables , and all of them works fine when connected to a laptop . in the end i simply get ( micro ) hdmi to vga adapter and finally the u2412m able to mirror my phone display . make sure you get the one with microusb port , otherwise your phone battery will be drained fast . i assume mhl to vga adaptor should also works .
that cable is not going to work . that adapter will only allow you to go from a ( dual-mode ) displayport source to an hdmi input , not the other way around like you are trying to use it . to go from an hdmi source to a displayport input , you need an active converter , such as this startech unit , not merely an adapter , as displayport uses a fundamentally different means of data transmission ( it is a packetized connection like usb , not just a digital stream ) than hdmi or dvi .
as gathrawn already indicated , the answer to your question is covered by how to backup an android device ? . as far as the kernel is concerned , two of the answers apply : using adb pull to do a file system copy as described in this answer create a nandroid backup from within your custom recovery as detailled in this answer both variants require your device to be rooted , and for the nandroid backup you will need to have a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod ) installed .
vlc works perfectly for me : ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.codejugglers.android.vlchdhl=en did you tried this link ? it uses moboplayer and es file explorer . http://apcmag.com/how-to-stream-video-to-an-android-device.htm davy
this may be count of new emails in your mailbox . there is a functionality that shows count on icons for email messages etc . some launchers are implemented it , and most of the new custiom roms also . btw please provide a screenshot for more accurate answer .
it is buggy . you should be able to fix it by clearing the data for the email app and/or any related apps ( sometimes there is an " email storage " app and so on ) .
eldarerathis is right , you had need to build the droid x source in order for it to just work without modification . drivers are the main issue here ; unlike windows , for example , android does not include a vast number of drivers to enable it to work on most any hardware . android also runs on much less standardized hardware than pcs . most roms you see tend to be modifications of the stock image , possibly with custom kernels built from stock . it is rare that they are fully built from the manufacturer 's source , and even rarer when they are built from the aosp ( apart from the nexus devices ) .
i am looking at swype right now , and it is got a cogweel in the bottom left corner , which if pressed for more than 1 second gives you a choice of the input methods ( swype , android keyboard , others . . . ) http://i.stack.imgur.com/3jg4v.png
i am having precisely the same issue . i was comfortably getting 18ish hours , and now roughly 9 . android os was at somewhere around 75% usage , where normally it rests cozily below display usage . i have swapped in my spare battery and things appear marginally better , but i am not so sure just yet . i am pondering the possibility that a hard power off might have helped also ( vs . a regular reboot ) check out this article also , it seems very familiar and his was a faulty antenna .
the solution : ok here is the deal . . . i researched this as it happened to me just that way a few days ago . . . . but first , some background . i bought the samsung galaxy 3 from radio shack-my carrier is sprint . the device has not been rooted . had pretty good luck with the samsung epic ( galaxy s ) . installed : juice defender pro-almost doubled my battery life until . . . . 4 days ago , i awoke at about 6 am to see that the battery had been charged , so i disconnected the charger . went back to sleep , and about 8am , was horrified to see that the battery had somehow drained to 23% . . . it had drained 3/4 of its capacity in just under 2 hours ! well that aint happening . after some very tedious research , i was left with a few possibilities : 1 ) bad battery or device ( no kidding ) ( 2 ) make some setting changes ( i did that . . . i set my display to minimum and not to auto , and made a few other changes ) but the thing that did the trick was uninstalling some apps that i just installed . once that was done , the phone ran fine . the problem is that some applications , especially third party ones , will not always work properly , and/or can drain the battery . the only way to know for sure is to uninstall them . . . wait to see if it helps , and if it does , then install them again , and see if the problem returns . i elected to not reinstall the applications . i figure that i can try others , and today , i only install one app at a time , and if the phone behaves properly , then it stays . there are many things one can do to extend battery life . i love juice defender pro . it does what it says it will do , and was worth every dime i paid . there are other things you can do like use airplane mode when listening to mp3 's . i went on a motorcycle ride , listened to music for 3 hours , and only used about 8% of my battery life to do it . anyway , i hope this helps . try getting rid of apps that were most recently installed before the issue occurred . it was the solution 's for me .
are any apps showing suspiciously high cpu use ? you can check with seepu , or with ' top ' command at the terminal or adb-shell .
after some searching , it turns out this feature is provided by the sprint network ( although that does not rule out that other carriers/devices may provide similar functionality ) . the q and a at community . sprint . com points to the sprint connection optimizer , aka the " intelligent mobile network and wi-fi setting . " this setting " will automatically connect you to wi-fi networks on your device 's remembered list . " this setting can be enabled/disabled by navigating to settings > more settings > mobile networks > sprint connections optimizer .
as i stated in the comments , version 2.3.4 is the latest version for phones . versions 3.0 , 3.1 , and 3.2 are all for tablet devices . version 4.0 will be released on the galaxy nexus sometime this month . version 4.0 ( code named ice cream sandwich ) was designed to run on both phones and tablets which may clear up the confusion surrounding the numbered releases . though google controls the android operating system and when it gets released , it is up to the manufacturers to decide whether to put it on their devices . some companies , like htc and motorola , actually rewrite pieces of android with their own special features , like htc sense and motorola blur . the companies have the choice to push out an update or not . some of those companies have come out with plans to update their phones to 4.0 . zte has not announced ( as of a couple weeks ago ) any plans to upgrade their phones to 4.0 but there is no doubts they will not . the second option is to wait until google releases the code for 4.0 . once they do this , the android community ( like xda ) will work on a rom of the operating system which you would then be able to install on your device manually . doing so is not an easy process and involves dedication and a free weekend . if you consider this route , you should also do a little research to make sure doing so will not " brick " your phone or cause side effects with your service provider . however , it will provide the most clean and pure android experience you can get . edit : as @eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , google did release a version of gingerbread numbered 2.3.7 but it is only to support there google wallet product which at this time is only supported on nexus devices or devices with nfc . if you had like to build this version yourself and install it on your device , you can download the android source code and build it yourself . there are instructions on how to do this at the site . however , i would strongly recommend waiting until 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) is released . for documentary purposes , i will update this answer upon release of 4.0 .
what do you want it for ? there is 3 ways to get cifs client support on android : 3rd party apps implementing it themselves . many file managers ( e . g . astro , fx , etc . ) go this route . replacement kernel with cifs support compiled in or as a loadable module included . this is the most common route , ime with android phones . pre-built loadable module for the vendor 's kernel . this seems pretty rare , since the kernel interfaces can vary , and it can be difficult to find the right combination of compiler switches that yield the correct binary interface . with 2 and 3 , you still need some way of loading/activating the module and mounting shares . this might involve editing boot scripts or loading a 3rd party program ( e . g . mount manager ) to handle the mounting/unmounting . even then , not all your applications will nicely handle the paths to files on a network share . now , if you want to serve cifs shares out from your phone , that is a whole different ball of wax , and there is a number of apps in the market that will handle that .
i would suggest switching to an alternative mail app -- k-9 mail probably is a good choice . i use it for about 2 years now with a mail server having an " untrusted " ( self-signed ) certificate , and never experienced what you describe -- so this should solve your issue .
here is a partial solution ( it does not copy widgets ) . you must save the adw settings as a backup in the free version , then restore them in the paid version . open adw launcher context menu > adwsettings > system > backup and restore > backup open adw launcher ex context menu > adwsettings > system > backup and restore > restore > ( choose the backup time stamp you just created ) context menu > adwsettings > system > restart adw now you will have to re-create your widgets .
actually your algorithm is right except one thing - you can not restore widgets if you are using android ics or older . this is limitation of os . from this post : note 2: if you unfortunately have an android device running anything prior to android 4.1 , the widgets will not be restored . and also from play store : -appwidget backup/restore ( only for android 4.1 and newer )
m3u files store playlists . the m3u files you are trying to run just has a list of urls to the radio stations . you can only play m3u files on your media player if the player supports playing them . try the live365 app . it works great for me . huge range of stations , both free and paid .
try tunein radio , it has both stations , and it is great ( and free ) !
this is a new ' feature ' in market version 3 . x , which got pushed out some time last year to gingerbread devices . if you have a rooted phone and really want the old behaviour back , uninstall the ' market updater ' and install android market 2.3.6 here 's an apk of it from my dropbox https://dl.dropbox.com/u/2302883/com.android.vending-5cbc09eeba96ab104fe111e029312f42.apk.gz
go to the login page , tap on " problems in signing " . enter your primary facebook email , skype will send a code to your email . copy it , go back to the skype app . tap on enter the key , paste the key in it . there is your skype account named facebook:your.name . tap on your facebook profile , tap sign in with facebook then facebook login page will appear and enter your login info .
go into the wi-fi settings , press menu , choose advanced . you should get options including wi-fi sleep policy . sounds like its set to turn off wi-fi when the screen is off .
if you are having the same problem , i did where you can only play it when the option is set to all music option on the play music app , but cant find it when the option is set to " on device " then here is what you have to do : make sure its set to all music , go to listen now . find the songs that you want to download onto you device and there should be something on the song that allows you to do things with it , like add to queue . look on that menu and there should be an option saying keep on device , push that and it will start downloading it to your phone and then when you switch it over to the on device music option it should be on that list . hope this helped !
go to the folder : /mnt/SDcard/android/data/com.google.android.music/cache/music  and remember that the songs do not come up with the title as their file name , gm creates its own numeric filename ( god knows why , it is annoying ) .
i was having the same problem and just fixed it : under the google play ( app the you purchased it from ) search in the music section the song you bought . when your results come up click the one that says purchased and then click listen ( i did mine under wi-fi might be able to do it through data ) . i should give a message saying error , just click try again and it should sync . at least that is what mine did . good luck , hope it works for you if you did not already fix it .
go to settings then google and make sure sync is on in google music . that was my problem .
i found this link helpful for downloading google play music onto my samsung galaxy siii . https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1250232 navigate to google play store select music from the left soft key on your phone , select my music from the upper left menu in google play ( it should say listen now ) , select playlist scroll to find the free and purchased playlist and select it on the right side of google play , below the playlist image you should see a thumbtack in a circle . it will probably be grey . make sure you are connected to wifi ( to avoid using data ) and select the thumbtack . it should turn orange and your download should start . i have not found a way to download individual songs yet . . .
when you go to the play music app , on top where it says listen now , change it from " on device " to " all music " . hope this helps .
you can only set songs that are actually on your sdcard . . . music from the cloud on google music are saved in a database , so you can not access them
in response to : " if anyone provides a quick way to skip all this mess and just make the notifications last longer , that would be appreciated too . " use the free rings extended app to easily choose any audio file ( music or clips ) for notifications/ringtones - without having to copy anything to specific folders . just to clarify , this will not show up as an app when installed . however , whenever you try to change a ringtone/notification , " rings extended " will show as an option , which you can then choose to open the app for choosing a ringtone/notification . additionally , you can use ringdroid ( also free ) to cut the required part/length from a sound file ( or music track ) on the device . unfortunately i do not live in an area that allows me to buy music on the play store so i can not help with that problem .
i think your are missing an important concept of google play music : the songs are kept in the cloud and are streamed on-demand if you want to listen to them . if you want to keep them on the device for offline listening , you have to check ' keep on device ' . now it should be clear what that option does . the links you mentioned in your question are all about ' how to get uploaded music ( with google musicmanager ) to appear on your device ' . they are not about how to let the actual song file appear on the device . this 2 questions should help you further : how can i turn songs from google play music into ringtones ? where does google music store offline songs ?
when in the message window , " long press " the image ( hold your finger down on the image for a second or two ) and a menu should pop up giving you the option to download or save the attachment . when you go to your gallery you will usually see attachments you have downloaded in a folder called " downloads " or " messaging . "
i have a galaxy s4 running android 4.2.2 in messaging in the message i have been sent a photo . . underneath it says mms i tap the photo and it goes fullscreen i tap the ( anachronistic floppy disk ) save icon i can rename it i hit ok and it responds with : attachment copied to device storage it is now saved to : internal storage/download i use dropbox to grab it from there it does not appear in my gallery : ( if i accidentally long-press i choose save attachment for the same thing
i suggest you take it to a repair shop , as it sounds like a hardware issue . most likely something has happened to the hardware , and the device will no longer power on . you may also want to try removing the battery for a while , and then reconnecting it .
problem fixed by pulling out the sim card , starting the phone without it , then reinserting the sim card after turning the phone off , of course .
the serendipity rom only contains camera . apk and camerafirmware . apk . i would think that the version you are trying to copy over is being renamed by the system on reboot and the original camera . apk is being restored . what i would try : get the non-cwm version of the camera . apk and put it on your sd card on your phone , use root explorer or similar to mount /system/app/ as rw rename /system/app/Camera.apk to camera . bak or something copy in the new apk from the sd card remount /system/app/ as ro , you may want to make sure /system/ is ro as well try to use the camera . if it works , reboot and see if it still works .
try another player for the device of try the same video file in a different format if possible . this will determin if the the video or not . it is most likely that the vlc player does not support that file format as well . your best chance is to t another player like mx player or bsplayer ( googled that ) . video players for mobiles are more limited on what formats they can play . reference/guide for you : http://www.real.com/resources/mobile-video-player
according to your df output , you only have 361.7m left not 1.4gb . all the apps are installed on the local storage i.e. sdcard0 by default . this means that when your internal storage runs out of space , you will not be able to install any new apps . you can try one ( or all ) of the following : uninstall unnecessary apps ; from recovery , wipe cache and dalvik cache partitions ; delete the . odex file if it is already there . for the last . odex file , the instructions from the xda thread are , open the terminal and : su cd /data cd /app ls rm (packagename.odex)  yet another alternative solution is to manually delete the app folder in /data/app-lib . see more details in this xda thread .
comparing confirmed chinese translation of these four symbols ( yes -- it is a manufacture date ) with izzy 's answer , which states , that li+ batteries have a self-discharge rate of approximately 5–10% per month , we end up with conclusion , that even with most optimistic scenario , li-ion batteries stored in store or warehouse without cyclic re-charge ( which most likely never happened ) are completely dead after 20 months at most . which is equivalent to less than two years . which leads us to a conclusion , that 2,5 half year old li-ion batteries are completely useless and should not be purchased nor used .
glad your problem is resolved . you can also try an app like airdroid or es file explorer which will allow you to transfer files using wifi .
i faced the same problem , but i launched filezilla from terminal using sudo: sudo filezilla  it works fine .
without root access on the device , probably nowhere . with root , most likely in /data/data/com.google.android.apps.magazines . if the app stores data on sdcard , it should be found below Android/data/com.google.android.apps.magazines .
direct editing of pdf content is something hard to achieve . as far as i know , the only solution for this is qoppa pdf notes . however : bookmarks ( create and edit ) and annotations ( also create and edit ) are possible . the best ebook-reader on android , also known as moon+ reader pro , supports this not only for pdf ( pro only ! ) -- but also for epub and other formats ( pro and free ) . another popular solution ( pdf only ) is ezpdf . for more solutions , you might consult the playstore , and check with the descriptions . the keywords are " bookmark " and " annotation " . another q and a here which might prove interesting to you is : is there any software for tablets to edit pdf or ps -files ?
powering off and back on restored the 3x3 picture size . . . makes no sense , but it worked .
when i plug my s3 into my windows 7/8 computers ( after installing kies to get the drivers ) , it just shows up as a " portable media player " under my computer and is easily accessible . if yours is not , and you have tried more than one computer , then i suspect more than just the screen on the s3 is broken .
the easiest solution would be to use the unlock pattern instead of the swipe to unlock screen . it is far less likely that your pocket will manage to input your entire unlock pattern , thus the device will do nothing even if some touchevents do get sent to the screen .
sliding action may be a " key " trigger that has a key code assigned to it . you can modify such keys if you are rooted . ( you can confirm this by running the hardware key test inside clockwork mod recovery , then simply slide the phone and see a key code is shown ) then you can use the button remapper app to change the wake of that key to something else that is not wake . ( be warned though , you should have some other button to wake your phone up or else you will be stuck without finding a way to wake your phone ) follow the instructions of button remapper over at the xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=850464 please do not hold me responsible for any damages , do it only if you feel like .
on my galaxy s3 , running 4.1.2 , the user dictionary is a background service that can be disabled . if you are running a similar device look into the following : settings\app manager\all\user dictionary click the disable button . if you are using a different device or system this could get you started in the right direction .
this is probably largely a preference thing , but a couple of things i can think of off the top of my head : the built-in tethering may only be usable with an extra fee on top of a normal data plan , whereas third-party apps with work regardless . i am not really privvy to at and t 's plans these days , so i can not say for sure in your specific situation . this mostly only applies to stock roms , as a non-stock rom usually also subverts any kind of tethering fee ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) . many third-party tethering apps will give you a display of data in/out when running so you can keep track of your data usage . some also display battery level and temperature . the built-in wireless tethering provides wep/wpa encryption and the like , but some third-party apps support additional security such as mac address filtering and the like . not all devices are supported by all third-party apps , but the stock tethering should obviously work on your device if it is enabled in the settings . third-party apps may in some cases require a custom kernel in order to function the way you would expect ( in infrastructure mode ) and will create an ad-hoc connection on unsupported devices/kernels ( not really ideal ) . the built-in tethering may have better widget integration . on cyanogenmod roms , for example , you can enable/disable the wireless hotspot from the power control widget , whereas you had need a separate one for a third-party tethering app . if you do not need the " power " tools and such then the stock tethering should function fine . i have generally used that on my evo and i certainly have no complaints about stability or speed as compared to other apps i have tried . from that standpoint i have not noticed any real difference .
sorry , this answer is slightly off-topic but still important for your use case . the thing you are most likely to have to worry about is heat . having the screen on will generate heat , and you will need to plug into an external power source which when charging the battery will also generate a lot of heat . this could damage the internal components ( including the screen ) over a long period , but unfortunately i do not have any evidence to support this .
i actually think your best bet would be to develop the app yourself . i know that you consider it a last resort but you will get exactly the app you want , you can get the app to talk to a web service that writes the data away to a database . do not forget security , https between the android devices and t
yes , there is a way to do it , use cyanogenmod 's github - for reference - this applies across the board whether with aosp , caf , cm , aokp , its found in frameworks/base/data .
the main difference is that with a restricted profile the ' main ' user can prevent the restricted profile from running certain apps , installing certain apps , changing system settings etc . whereas a ' user ' can do almost anything that the main user can . android police has a post looking at restricted profiles , and you can find information from google here .
with 4.3 , android apparently has three types of " users": primary user ( admin , owner ) secondary users restricted profiles primary user is the first user created for the device , when setting it up . all users ( the primary user and secondary users ) have pretty much equal control of the system - they can alter all the system settings , create more users , etc . but they cannot access the data or the apps* of the other users . since all users can only access their own data , they can also be linked to different accounts . likewise , they could also use a same account if you set it up for each user individually . however , this does not make the device aware of the different users useing the same account - each user has their own " link " to the account , unaware of the others . a restricted profile is different . like users , it has it is own settings , and own data . however uses the primary user 's accounts and installed apps . the primary user controls which of these are enabled for the profile . further , these profiles can be given parental-type restrictions to content - such as blocking all content defined as " mature " . ( note : this requires support from the apps providing the content in order to work . ) * - google play appstore does sort-of support some inter-user data - when you install an app that another user already has , the same app code is used by both users . this means it does not need to be downloaded a second time , and does not take up extra space . it also means that when one of the users updates the app , it is updated for everyone . however , only thing shared between the users is the app code , the users cannot access each other 's data . more information on developer . android . com , see specifically : support for restricted profiles .
try google search : ' usbdeview ' and download it . now delete all drivers with the vendor id '18d1' search google again for : ' samsung galaxy tab 3 drivers ' and download and install , else use google 's usb drivers : search google for ' google usb driver ' . install them , and try and plug it in again . on your tablet : go to settings -> development settings - > tick usb debugging . you might wanna change your usb storage to ' charge only ' or ' camera ' if possible . else try to search google for : ' samsung galaxy tab 3 root ' . i hope i helped .
all you really need to to is enable usb debugging in the device settings and plug in the device . as long as you have eclipse , adt plugin and the android sdk installed , which you do if you have been using emulators , you should be good to go . eclipse will automatically use the device when it is plugged in and no emulators are running , unless you have told it not to . if you are using windows , you may have to install the device vendor 's usb drivers ; if so , windows should prompt you about this when you plug in a device with usb debugging enabled . the android training class building your first app will walk you through all of these steps with a sample application .
because this app chek your license , if you buy this app from play store it runs automatically otherwise if you try a free version of this application it shows application not installed . . .
try cleaning cache , e.g. using the all in one toolbox , then restart your phone .
blinkfeed—an aggregator of news and social network content [ . . . ] blinkfeed will always occupy the leftmost page of the home screen . the default blinkfeed home screen of htc sense 5 ( wikipedia : htc one ) to explain the second line : by default , there will only be two home screen panels out of the box : a " blinkfeed " page and a classic android home screen on the right . this explanation is taken from htc one software hands-on : sense 5 , blinkfeed , sense tv and new sync manager ( engadget ) , where blinkfeed is further described : this is simply a flipboard-like tile interface that sits permanently on the main home page . created in collaboration with mobiles republic , this tool pulls in content from various publications and social networks ( twitter , plurk , linkedin , flickr , zoe share and more ) , as well as your calendar and tv shows from the tv app ( more on that later ) . you will not be seeing emails here , as htc positions blinkfeed as a place for more ambient info rather than critical updates . regardless , the feed can be customized to suit your needs , though the first version will not let you add custom rss feeds just yet . read more in the linked articles themselves .
the easiest way would be to transfer the files to a computer , then transfer them from the computer to your new card . many micro ( phone size ) sd cards come with a micro to regular size adapter that will fit in the card reader slots of most computers .
according to this thread , your device is rootable using framaroot . as you only need a temproot , the first thing to try would be to : extract the temproot binary used by framaroot and push it to /data/local/tmp or any folder where you can set permissions flag this file as executable then run it $ chmod 777 filename $ ./filename  if successful , you have temp root and can remount the system read/write # mount -o remount,rw /system /system 
go to settings , apps and touch the app , and click clear data . now check if you are able to change the settings and the the settings works .
the history setting only affects messages as they are sent . turning history off does not delete old messages that were sent while history was turned on . if you want to delete your old messages as well as stopping new messages being saved , you can do this with delete in the chat 's menu ( or delete history in the web-based client ) .
there is also android remote computer over android that can control your pc via your smartphone ( mouse , keyboard ) free and without ads .
if you take a look at the air browse feature under air gestures , you will see that it is limited only to the following applications : gallery internet music player music on lock screen s memo so no , you can not use it for presentations .
from my knowledge of the sync functionality on the android it only syncs when it has something new on one of those services . it uses push technology to send you the latest updates as soon as they become available . if however new items are appearing in your mail , contacts and/or calendar and it is still not syncing then i would recommend you remove your google account and re-add it again . nb . i did have an issue with sync once where it just was not pushing any emails to my phone . . . it fixed itself after a couple of days .
what version of android you currently have on your nexus device ? i have ( i think ) exactly the same device , as you ( asus nexus 7 ii ( 2013 ) lte ) and three days ago it was upgradred from 4.3.0 to 4.4.2 KitKat ( i issued manual upgrade , by connecting to wifi network and going to Settings &gt; About phone &gt; System Updates ) . after upgrade , option you are referring to ( Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; More &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Use only 2G networks ) has been changed to Preferred network with options : 4G , 3G and 2G . now you can fully control , which kind of network your tablet access and you can limit it to use only 3G networks ( second option ) , which has full fallback to 2G network , if 3G one is not accessible in your area .
it would seem like this might also be possible on other devices through *#*#4636#*#* as per http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000545/ch07.html#_3gpp_and_3gpp2_partnerships and stackexchange-url which opens up com.android.settings.TestingSettings , which then has an option to Set preferred network type within Phone info .
i got it to work by going to the bluetooth settings screen , then holding down the bluetooth button on the back of my keyboard for about 5-10 seconds . after that , the keyboard showed up on the available devices and it allowed me to pair it with my tab 2 .
according to the specs at wikipedia it is 320 x 480 px 3.2 in ( 81 mm ) hvga 65,536 color lcd 180 pixels per inch ( ppi )
you might try an application like tasker . it detects state changes and events and allows you to change settings or take other actions based on that . it is really quite powerful in that regard . here 's a link to the app market https://market.android.com/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskermfeature=search_result please note that i am in now way affiliated with the company . i just like the product .
if your phone is rooted , i would highly recommend droidwall . it is a firewall application that allows you to restrict access to internet by application . it has separate permission settings for wifi and cell data , which allows you to restrict the data usage by the connection as well . chances are though that you will also need to be running a custom rom or kernel that has " iptables " module built-in . in terms of minimizing data usage in general , there are several settings you can play with . i would recommend going all manual by disabling " auto-sync " and " background data " options under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync . then take a look at interval update settings in all 3rd-party apps you use for services such as twitter ( twidroid , seesmic , etc . ) , facebook , e-mail ( k-9 mail , e-mail , gmail , etc . ) , rss feeders ( newsrob , feedr , etc . ) , and others ( widgets , weather apps , etc . ) most such apps let you configure the update interval via settings . either make them all disabled/manual , or use the farthest update interval they allow . also disable any notifications in these apps so that they use even less data . you might also be able to use some apps/widgets that toggle the data connection ( without affecting the cell signal ) and only enable it when you need to use apps requiring data ( retrieve e-mail , catch up on tweets , use browser , refresh weather status , etc . ) and then toggle it back off when you are done .
enable USB debugging from Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development . install superoneclick on your pc . connect the phone to the pc via usb . run superoneclick and click Root .
i was frustrated for a long time with the same problem . an app called wifi fixer seems to have fixed it . hope that helps you too .
add new google account through settings option in your phone .
if you have more than one device registered with your email it should show in the google play store a dropbox ( choose a device ) after you click install . something like this .
you need to change your mobile number in your google settings
tubemate app might be using phone 's internal storage for merging . how much is your phone 's free internal storage and video size .
you are probably having a problem using your device because of lack of internal space for running programs . you can use a very low level , low resource on the android to remove programs . install the android sdk package and use it to uninstall some of your apps to regain internal memory . you can even use it to back up the apps on your computer so that after you have your android working again you can choose which ones to put back . a good gui program for managing your apps and deleting files from your android is airdroid . however , you might not be able to install airdrod until you have made space using the android sdk package . you can start out with these commands : ( you will have to activate debugging from the settings menu in the android to use this option ) this give a list of all the packages : $ adb shell pm list packages  you can remove an app by running : $ adb uninstall [apt-name]  you can use the "-k " option to retain your data/cache in case you will be reinstalling the app after you have gotten your android functioning . you can us this command to see how much memory you have . this will allow you to know when you have retrieve sufficient memory to operate normally . it'll also allow you to identify better , if the memory is really your issue . $ adb shell cat /proc/meminfo  you can look at is it possible to backup apk from an installed application ? for more tips on using the adb command .
there is no easy way to control the mentioned scenario , since you may get away from your phone , leaving behind the device used to alert you . i have been playing around with an app , that basically runs a task when a certain action occurs within your phone . the test i performed , was having my phone playing a really loud sound if my phone gets disconnected from the bluetooth earpiece . it works , i go away from my phone and as soon as the bluetooth gets out of range , the phone starts to play the music . i hear the music and remind myself that my phone was left behind . of course that if you use dragon v2 bluetooth headset , it will only get out of range after 100 meters , which is roughly 10 times more distance than a regular bluetooth earpiece . : ) tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
synopsis titanium backup , is the most popular tool for everybody , not just for rom flashers , its for everybody , due to a large number of features such as : backing up user apps and their data all backups are saved on the sd-card ( really , i should be calling this external storage to future proof this answer as sd-card readers are in favour of getting dropped ) the capability to store up to fifty backups extract data from a cwm recovery image ( via cwm 's backup within recovery ) freeze an app , and put it into a state of " suspension " such that , it gets removed from the app drawer temporarily . schedule backups on a regular automatic basis or via a widget , and by tapping on the widget , titanium backup will perform the backup . there is far too much that you can do with it . what is this titanium backup you speak of , in plain english ? think of this as a " time machine " application , where a backup is instigated , to backup user applications and their application data , and then can " revert " back in case of unforseen circumstances or . . . playing angry birds , and got to a euphoric state of delight in getting the high score , and decided to backup angry birds and the high-score data in place , " just in case " a foul-up is made . the tool is often used heavily by rom flashers , have aosp gingerbread , decide to go to aosp jb , backup the apps etc , flash the new aosp jb , and restore the apps . astute readers will point out a vital step that i left out , where does the titanium backup come from then , the answer is quite simple , every time there is a new update to the titanium backup in which google play automatically updates , first things first , instinctively , always , i do the following , launch titanium backup hit ' menu ' , tap on ' more ' finally , tap on ' create " update . zip " ' select ' titaniumbackup-w . x.y. zip ' under the heading titled , ' select the name of the output file : ' ( latest version , is 5.6.0 ) the zip file is created and saved onto the /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-5.6.0.zip , so , its ' just a matter of adb pull on that file , unzip it , and install on to a newly flashed rom , for example , in this case , aosp jb , via the adb install method . then from there , after installing it , titanium backup will simply re-load the archived information about the backups already in place on the sd-card . the full information wiki can be found here on the developer 's website , if any further information is required . also take a look at our titanium tag .
i use poweramp as my player on an s3 and it works fine for aac , aiff , flac , and apple lossless , even for flac hd files from hdtracks . i simply use android file transfer to transfer music from my mac to the s3 . the only problem i fine is static in the music , if i use the eq or the tone controls . i am still trying to find an answer for that , but with those controls off , sound is fine .
where did you get your alac or wav format , you transfer it to the itunes library or just purchase them on itunes store . if you bought it on itunes store , it may have drm protection which prevent you playing on other devices .
this often is not a question of the device , but of the player and codecs used . i cannot tell from my own experience , as i do not use that many formats ( mostly i play mp3 ) , but on the play store you can find audio players advertising this . examples include : winamp rocket music player ( not advertizing it in the app description , but some users report it working ) nrg player and more . just do a simple search for alac on the play store .
best player alac/flac ( today found ) : andless this audio player can play lossless files ( flac/ape/mpc/wv ) , or any files directly supported in android . now supports apple lossless files ( in m4a container ) as well . cue sheets and playlists are also supported ( description from project website )
all you need is an app locker app . there are many app lockers in play store . just , search . i would recommend smart app protector ( i use its pro version which is great ) . use it to lock google docs app .
no . if you do not uninstall the existing app , and you use adb install to install the new apk , the existing app data will be preserved . note that you can only do this if the package names match and the old and new apks are signed with the same developer certificate : if the package names do not match , then both versions will be installed side-by-side , and the new one will not have access to the old one 's data . this might happen if the developer has slightly different variants for the app depending on the distribution channel ( e . g . a variant for google play , and another for direct apk download ) . if the signatures do not match , then installation will fail with an error message telling you that is what went wrong . the only way to fix that is to use an apk signed by the original developer .
mine 's working the way you expect it should . i had a problem with duplicates when using services to help keep my contacts " clean " and to import from other services . in particular soocial kept giving me dupes . so , the first thing i would do is make sure you are not using something like that . i suspect that something is " out of whack " ( to use a technical term ) with the synchronization data . i would try the following : make sure the data in google contacts is in tip-top shape . merge duplicates , get everybody in the right group , etc . export all contacts ( just in case ) then , delete the contact data on the phone . you will probably want to turn off synchronization before you do this . then turn synchronization back on . everything should be copacetic .
shoppingcalc does this pretty simply if you are willing to live without the barcode scanning ( i like the zero-clutter interface ) .
a quick google search returned tomarket . it looks like its original purpose and design is for groceries but you can use it for any type of item . the description says it supports bar codes and lets you put items with prices and quantity in the cart and gives you a final total . sounds like exactly what your looking for based on the question . it looks like a nice app , i am downloading it now for myself . edit : this app is actually pretty cool , it has some default items when you first open it but if you go over to the " need " tab it is blank . when you add an item it gives quite a few details you can add to it , including whether or not it is taxable . i also noticed there is a feature to export your lists or to share it with others via sms or email .
i have suggested springpad ( their website and on appbrain ) as a good note-taking app but it would serve this purpose well too . especially since it has a scanning feature and web-sync .
if your phone is rooted you can solve this via a shell command : mount -o bind [ path to new location ] /mnt/sdcard/android/data/com . google . android . music/ ( replace [ path to new location ] with a folder on your external sd-card ) it will basically redirect every access to the default folder to the folder which is specified . you probably need to do this every time you reboot your phone , so you may be interested in putting a script which does that into autostart . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1785245page=2
i found that i was just able to use a couple of sym-links to solve this problem . all you need is a rooted device . i have written up a simple guide here : http://charleswilkinson.co.uk/2013/07/24/using-external-sd-card-with-google-play-music-app/ however as requested , here is a summary for posterity : prerequisites : your phone must be rooted . you must have a terminal emulator installed . you must have a file explorer app installed . you should know what a terminal is . read here to learn what a sym-link is . steps : go to settings > applications > google play music . ‘force stop’ the app and clear all app data . open your file explorer of choice and create a directory ( folder ) on your external sd card called ‘googlemusic’ . inside this directory create two more : ‘files’ and ‘cache’ . open terminal emulator and enter the command : su - the superuser app will ask you to grant root privileges . hit ‘allow’ . enter the following commands in order : cd /data/data/com . google . android . music ln -s /mnt/external_sd/googlemusic/cache cache ln -s /mnt/external_sd/googlemusic/files files you’re done !
google allows to use application-specific passwords . i have not used them , especially not in an android device but this may be a solution for your problem if it is possible to use a " market-only password " on your device . btw : the google backup works afaik only for apps that explicitly support it ( therefore not of every app ) . if you have an android 4.0 or higher device you may want to try the local backup via adb which saves all user data on the device .
steps : go to settings --> under wireless and networks select data usage --> click menu --> check auto- sync . then go back to settings --> accounts --> google --> uncheck gmail . or else you can uncheck auto-sync option to disable automatic synchronizing all options .
i would suggest you to have two users configured as al everett suggested and additionally configure to your need . the first user as a main user use your google account to have all the bells and whistles . have a screen guard configured for this account so that no other user will be using it . then create a second user and use your google account to install all necessary apps that you think necessary for the second user . this can include the apps that you had purchased with your google account . in settings you can then opt out not to sync emails , contacts , photos and all the stuffs you would not like to share . again settings-> apps , open gmail and clear its data to remove all the previously synced data . install app locker apps which will prevent unauthorized use of any apps by protecting with a password . with the above both you and your kids can use the tablet in their own space with you worrying to share your mails and contacts with them .
encrypt phone only encrypts the /data partition . encrypting the sd card is a separate function and is not implemented in stock android . some manufacturers ( i know motorola and samsung do ) extend the encryption ( optionally . where you find " encrypt phone " , you will also find an " encrypt sd card " option ) to the sd card . i can not determine whether cyanogenmod implements such a function or if it may be device-specific .
ah , tcpdump . why did not i think of that before ?
i used to face the same problem for long time . but now i have got the solution . very easy : go to menu &rarr ; settings &rarr ; advanced &rarr ; protocol and choose http only . it works for me : )
wi-fi is used for just wireless networking ( not necessarily for internet sharing ) . so , if you get bars on wi-fi , it does not mean you have got internet access . wi-fi can be used to share files or gaming , for example . in your case , i suppose . . your school 's campus wi-fi would be providing internet ( the only purpose they advertise wi-fi campus ) . if you are unable to get to the internet , it means access control of wi-fi router is blocking you . why ? ask wi-fi administrator . the probable reason : you have not registered your device . but , before asking wi-fi administrator , use fing - network tools to check tcp connection with external host . if there is really a problem , contact wi-fi administrator . there is nothing more you can do . disclaimer : i answered after presuming that your apps can connect to internet over other wi-fi networks .
i have seen some lame wifi gateways ( especially at hotels ) that only intercept correctly for top-level urls like "http://www.somesite.com", but more specific urls like "http://www.somesite.com/this/that/another" do not work because they get redirected to "http://192.168.0.1/this/that/another" which does not work on the lame gateway . so , try browsing to "www.google.com" or any other bare url to trigger the login page .
you did not specify whether you are using opera mini or opera mobile , opera mini uses compression proxy server to optimize the page for your device ; and this almost invariably breaks in-browser wifi authentication page since the browser will try to connect to its proxy which it can not do because the gateway blocks access to the proxy until you authenticate . opera mobile by default do not use the compression proxy , but if you turn on the turbo feature then it will use the proxy . you still can use opera mini or opera mobile with turbo if you authenticate using the regular browser then switch to opera . if you are using opera mobile , then switch off turbo temporarily for the authentication page .
possible drawbacks as for the " drawbacks " part , there are different things to consider : windows cannot read ext4 mac/linux/*nix should have no trouble with it using mtp , windows will not have any trouble either if your rom supports ext4 , there should be no local problem you might want to switch to a different rom one day -- that rom might not support ext4 ( unlikely , but not impossible ) there are several situations to consider , as well : if you one day get trouble with your card which cannot be solved " locally " ( e . g . the card no longer mounts locally , or cannot be mounted via mtp/ums , or you need to do a recovery of accidentally deleted files ) , you might need to attach it to your pc using a card reader ( ext4 &harr ; windows : fail ! ) if you lend your device to somebody only having windows , he might encounter problems if you one day sell your device , you have to keep this in mind , too though for the last two situations , the solution might be simply to remove/replace the card , or re-format it ( in the last case ) . how to do it still here ? ok , so the drawbacks seem to be negligible . there are multiple ways of how to get your card formatted with any file system : use a card reader on your linux-pc or mac , and the mkfs command with the -t ext4 option ( and additional parameters ) use a terminal app to do this locally on your device ( see my answer on how can i format a flash drive using terminal emulator ? for details )
if you only want apps backed up , i recommend titanium backup . it requires root . its backup will be saved to /mnt/sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ , you can copy that folder to your computer just in case your card gets formatted . if you use clockworkmod / nandroid , do the same thing ( copy the /mnt/sdcard/clockworkmod/backup folder to your pc afterwards ) . the only real caveat is that you should flash the rom you had when the backup was done before restoring the backup . if the rom you flashed afterward was significantly different , restoring without first reflashing the previous rom can brick the phone .
this is indeed a question to stackoverflow . i asked a very similar question about a week ago , and basically , the answer is no , to implement that you will have to dig very deep into the code . see here for more . hope it fits your question .
if you just want you local ip address . then go to terminal emulator and type netcfg . you will see list of interfaces with their ip addresses ( if they are up ) .
connect it to wifi or ethernet via cable . at router or dhcp server settings reserve ip address for android . now you has network and known ip address for your android device . p.s. if you do not have router and directly connected to internet via cable - you can emulate wifi router on your pc ( not all adapters supported ) .
i had an htc desire some time ago , the solution for this kind of problem is to use any app2sd method . the idea behind app2sd is the following : 1 . partition the sd card to add a 512mb partition . 2 . symlink the directory /data of your phone to that partition . with that , you will have a " virtual " /data of 512mb ( enough to install a lot of apps ) and the phone will not be whining about free space . you will need to have a custom recovery in order to achieve this ( root not needed ) . you can check some apps2sd scripts in the xda forum . you will only need to follow the instructions there , but is as simple as partitioning the sd card ( you can do that from the recovery ) and flashing a zip file .
with ics and up ( i.e. . android 4.0+ ) , or if you consider rooting your device , there is something else you could do : freeze the marketupdater using androids manage applications ( ics and up ) -- or , before ics , e.g. titaniumbackup optionally uninstall all updates to the playstore app alternatively , maybe even better ( depending on the version of market/playstore app pre-installed on your device ) -- but requires root ( as the legacy play store needs to be installed as system app ) : freeze the marketupdater as above freeze the playstore app along =:-0 install legacy play store instead :- ) no more updates ( as that legacy play store will not be updated -- it is an older version of the playstore/market app , patched to be used in parallel to the recent version ; it has some features which were removed from the current versions ) , and a less-overloaded playstore app are the results .
i found a workaround/hack to list them . when you open a file on the mountpoint the fuse fs handler will open it too . i used this information and i wrote a small c program that use proc to find source directories . if you are interested the project is hosted on github . regards , tux_mind .
i have this very problem , occasionally it'll make it half way down before sticking , and it is driving me nuts . someone pointed out it is most likely to do with ram usage , clearing of which does seem to help for a period of time but is not a permanent fix . i have tried changing launchers ( from zeam back to touchwiz to launcherpro ) and applying a lagfix , both of which seemed to work , again for a time , but it has since come back . i have uninstalled my newest applications and have not nailed down an exact culprit but there must be something hiding in there as this is a relatively recent occurence .
i have a galaxy s captivate , and do see this occasionally . it only happens for me if i try to pull the notifications down while the phone is very busy doing something else , like installing/updating an app . it goes away for me by simply just pushing it back to the top then pulling down again .
i do not know if this is your problem or not , but i occasionally get this on my droid x . for me , it seems that it is stuck if i try to slide down from the notification bar and nothing happens . however , if i start sliding down from the " pull-down bar " , then it will move with my finger ( i.e. . starting on top of the " pull-down bar " rather than on the notification bar ) . another possibility is that your touchscreen could have some " dead areas " that cause this . can you reproduce this in landscape mode as well or is it only in portrait mode ? perhaps an app to test all touchscreen areas might help identify whether or not this could be the culprit .
i have found a workaround ! ! ! first some details . this happens on the galaxy s when you try to open the notification bar during high load . a reboot will reset it . but if you do not want to reboot : do this quickly : tap the notification bar , just before releasing it tap on the bottom half of the screen , release the finger from notification bar , release the finger from the bottom half of the screen . this will trigger the notification bar to fully open itself !
or you could just hit the menu button and select " notifications " . . . just sayin . . .
update your phone to gingerbread and this problem will go away . i upgraded my galaxy s to 2.3.3 and have not ever since seen this problem , which still happened with 2.2.1 froyo .
yay , the phone boots again . here 's the magic recipe . Boot into recovery. adb shell mkdir /data/s mount -o rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /data/s chmod 755 /data/s/xbin/busybox Reboot the phone.  my shell is back . there is a weird quirk now - ls ( from the busybox , one assumes ) thinks adb is an ansi terminal and tries to emit ansi escape sequences . still , yay .
no , the otg marks to the phone it is otg and not normal cable the easy way is just to use a normal cable
i had to download samsung 's usb drivers for this device from their support page . after you have the driver installed , when you plug in the device , windows search windows . com for updates and finds : Samsung mobile usb composite device Samsung-sgh-i317 Samsung mobile usb modem Samsung Android ADB Interface  now , the interface still shows the " connected as a media device " message , but adb devices list can see it .
i am using aerosync it works well and it is free and unlimited storage on any number of device but no cloud storage , it is having client for all platform . but you can sync a folder i do'nt know whether it can sync the internal changes in a file or that file with the newly edited version
if you want an app for android that supports the ubuntu one cloud , then try es file explorer it can be found in the google play store for free . it is a file manager but has cloud features as well . instead of having a different app for each cloud service you use ( dropbox , ubunutu one , skydrive , google drive , etc . . this rolls em all into one and it supports a decent number of clouds . hope that is what you were looking for . !
dropbox is doing the trick for me ! now i can edit the same file both in vim on pc and in " db text editor " on my android phone . all synced in second in both directions . instal db both on your ubuntu and android . make link to any folder inside ubuntu one folder on pc ( say " my texts" ) and move such link into your dropbox folder on pc . put some file to " my texts " and try to edit on both devices .
i use an app called foldersync in conjunction with cryptonite . the former can synchronize any directory on your sdcard with a number of cloud providers . the latter handles encryption . you would use encfs on the desktop to run the encryption there .
it works similar to dropbox . you put a new text file into your ubuntu one folder on your pc , you check the app in your phone , and that same file will be there waiting for you . it works both ways .
" i got a rather meaningful suggestion on another forum that " android os " is actually the low-level kernel , while " android system " is actually the higher-level os service layer " source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=10922010postcount=3
i do not know what the difference is between them , however , if you are asking the question because ' android os ' is using a large percentage of your battery life then you may have the ' android os drains battery ' bug .
regardless of an android device being a phone or tablet , i believe , that to make use of the core google apps you will need to tie directly to a google account . i am user of a moto xoom ( wifi only ) and this is absolutely true . so i would suggest adding a google account with the device ( settigns - accounts and sync ) .
in short , you have a non-google-approved device . that is why there are no google apps on it . and you can not download from the market unless you have the market installed on your device . there are ways to get the market on your device anyways , though . ( see this question ) . however , none of those ways will have a " reputable link " for you to download . you are going outside google and possibly the law , depending on your jurisdiction .
looks like this is a very common problem , and i guess the google guys are on it , but so far , no solution . i bought an archos tablet and for two days i have been trying to download and install a good browser . i tried every single solution i found in every single forum on line ( believe me when i say that it is a very common problem ! ! ! ) . no luck . what worked for me was quite simple : i found a website where you can download the same apps and they actually can be downloaded . you do not even need to create an account ! ! try it : http://www.freewarelovers.com/android . maybe you will find what you want . i did . good luck !
other folks here have suggested that the issue may be with your sim card : recipients complain they receive text message from me with a half hour delay i was having a similar problem which was resolved when i reset my phone to factory settings ( for other reasons ) . it might be worth asking your carrier for a new sim , though . ps . this user asked about sms receipt delays -- a different but related question .
in case anybody else is having the issue still , my phone recently picked up the gingerbread release . this appears to have resolved the problem .
unless you have apps installed on the sd card , nothing on it should be permanent/critical . any app that always relies on sd data being present is written badly . there may be some data you want to keep backed up , but that is up to you . it is impossible to say what will happen if you format the card and stick it back in empty , since it depends on every individual app . but generally speaking the apps should continue as if they had never written anything to the card in the first place . if an app misbehaves then clearing the data should fix it .
i did some digging around and found that this change was introduced in an update for gingerbread . it applies to all nexus devices starting from the nexus s ( except the nexus one since it comes pre-installed with facebook ) . the problem google has with facebook sync is the inability to port the data that facebook sync adds to the contacts , out of your device . here is an excerpt from their statement on this issue : since facebook contacts cannot be exported from the device , the appearance of integration created a false sense of data portability . facebook contact data will continue to appear within the facebook app . like all developers on android , facebook is free to use the android contacts api to truly integrate contacts on the device , which would allow users to have more control over their data . we are removing the special-case handling of facebook contacts on nexus s and future lead devices . techcrunch 's coverage on this : http://techcrunch.com/2011/02/22/google-android-facebook-contacts/ engadget 's coverage : http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/22/google-disables-contact-sync-in-facebook-for-android-only-nexus/ i am still trying to find the official statement on a google site . will update it here if i find it . also i want to know why google does not get all manufacturers to enforce this rule if it is part of core android policies .
according to a post in a google product forum : a sync between nexus devices and facebook is not possible by default . to get that information on your phone you will need to install a third party application that will sync the information to your phone . manufacturers like htc and samsung enabled this on their own for the people that bought their devices . an alternative to make this sync happen is to use a 3rd-party app like sync . me - sync for facebook : • full screen caller id - see your friends ' picture from facebook , linkedin or vkontakte when they call you and when you call them . • smart matching - matches automatically between your contacts to their social network profiles . • contact enrichment - magically update your contacts with missing details ( phone number , email , company , job title , address and website ) . • in-call experience - take your phone calls to the next level ! view your friend 's latest social network posts and photos during call . • birthday reminders - never forget your friends ' birthdays again ! create and share personalized greetings for any occasion . • me card - your ultimate contact and business card . choose how you appear in your friends ' and colleagues ' phones . edit your picture and details to keep them updated .
could not find a way to do this every time the app starts . i did discover that if multiple accounts have new messages at the same time , the app starts on the " accounts " page . it seems when you start the app it opens the account with new messages automatically , and only opens the " accounts " list if multiple accounts contain new messages .
robot view can do this .
i just a got an email from the heimdall dev , he said it is not compatible with the galaxy mini . thanks guys for your replies .
the buttons are disabled so that users can grip the sides without causing and action . it would be difficult holding the device if the user is causing the device to go to the home screen .
there are some usb cabes that do not support enough power to change data , so they just charge and do not mount . but i do not know how you could find them . try google for it .
i figured this out . this works with my 1st gen kindle fire and my mac running os x . first , notice that the kindle fire mounts as the volume " kindle " . second , realize that there is a file on your os x installation called /etc/private/fstab which controls filesystem mounting . third , use the command sudo vifs in terminal or otherwise edit the /etc/private/fstab file and insert the following lines : # Kindle Fire LABEL=KINDLE none msdos rw,noauto  fourth , try plugging in your kindle fire via usb . it should not auto-mount anymore . bonus : this works for any android device that auto-mounts when you plug it in . my new htc one ( verizon 32gb ) auto-mounts htc sync manager . it uses the label " cdrom " . i added a similar line above , but substituting " cdrom " for " kindle " and now it stops prompting me to install htc sync manager . in this case , i inserted these lines into /etc/private/fstab # HTC One LABEL=CDROM none hfs rw,noauto 
check your phone it should show some setting named ' connect to pc ' . change the " default connection type " to " charge only " .
so you are asking about a native android x server ? that is the only article on a native x11 i found so far . all others seem to work with vnc somehow . not sure how the current state of the linked project is , as i could find no additional information ( yet ) .
i believe this is a " feature " of the new jelly bean camera . you probably will not be able to change it without resorting to using another camera app ( like camera zoom fx ) or installing a custom rom .
the new animation added to jelly bean camera app when photos are being taken , acts as a visual hint at a new swipe gesture that is been added . the idea is to make the user aware that swiping to the left at any time , they are able to scroll through all the photos taken : when taking a photo , a new animation sweeps your photo off the screen . there is now a new paging animation when swiping between photos . android 4.1 , jelly bean - camera and gallery ( scroll down till this title ) from that location , the user can rotate , crop , share , just like in the gallery app . as already mentioned by jlehenbauer , it is a feature and cannot be removed . here a youtube video about this : android 4.1 jelly bean camera app
compiling applications does not take considerable processing power in general . i did it on my 286 all the time . the op wants gcc on his phone . look for c4droid ( c/c++ compiler ) in the google market . then install the " gcc plugin for c4droid " from the market . ( these do cost a couple dollars ) . from the market description : " it is a plugin for c4droid , that allows it to compile c and c++ source code using gcc . it contains gcc 4.7 with bionic ( android libc ) . source code had not been modified , so you can compile it yourself , if you want . " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.n0n3m4.droidc https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.n0n3m4.gcc4droid here 's another package that includes gcc from the market : " debian kit " - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dyndns.sven_ola.debian_kit
android applications are compiled in a pc and then installed on the phone . in order to compile an application you will need a considerable amount of computational power and a compiler , in this case , a c compiler . in other words , you need a computer to compile the application . you will need to download and install in your computer the android sdk , the gcc compiler and other tools and then you will be able to compile the application for your phone .
you can write , compile and distribute native code as an android application . look here for more info about the ndk . if you want it done without the official framework and application packaging then you will need to look into cross-compiling the application for the arm architecture .
i can not understand why i have to pay $3 for c4droid as it is just gcc with editor . use new free c/c++ ide and compiler on android . it has a lot of included c/c++ examples and tutorials . blog link , google play link . you can also use cctools as it is almost c4droid but free .
the app terminal ide has a built-in gcc arm compiler for android . you can install it , move it to another folder and then uninstall it . but make sure you have enough free memory .
android 4.2.2 already contains the advanced copy/cut/paste functions . calling it up is intuitive too - just long press on a word , then use the field edge indicator gadgets to select the text you want to cut . then on top you will see some icons representing specific functions . there will be a copy one ( number 4 in the image above ) , a paste one ( number 5 ) , and a cut icon too ( number 3 ) . pasting works the same way , just long press where you want to paste , and press the button .
according to sony , on their phones you double tap a word and some draggable gadgets will appear . cut , copy etc appear at the top edge .
in android the system memory is just another file , so with the appropriate rights it is just as simple as vi -b /dev/mem ( device node may vary for your system ) . the result of changing a running system 's memory could be one of a nop , a touch of an electric fence , a system crash or a simple nuke resulting in an unusable device .
that may be possible without root if the app you want to manipulate allows debugging via android debug bridge ( adb ) . if an app can be connected to an debugger is specified in it is AndroidManifest.xml in the android:debuggable entry . if the app is enabled for debugging you can enable the usb debugging mode on your device and connect to it via adb . then you can connect an standard java debugger to the app and inspect/modify variables .
go to menu > settings > applications > manage applications > your current launcher and tap Clear data button . then , after pressing " home " button , a dialog should pop out , asking you , which application should be used to complete the task . if this will not work try reinstalling the application . and do not move it to sd card ; - )
you can use default app manager lite or pro . it can solve your problem .
sorry , min , but that is a built in feature that i believe one cannot change . could you cover up the screen with something at night or just turn it over ?
do not know if you have done this , but try turning off the stay awake setting while charging ? from the home screen , tap all apps . tap settings . tap developer options . tap to check stay awake .
htc desire already has a widget to switch off and on wifi , mobile network , bluetooth , sync and some other option . it is a 4x1 widget with 5 toggle buttons . . .
try searching for a data toggle widget on the market to add a one-click shortcut . for example , i found data enabler widget pretty easily .
some of these may meet your needs better than others . not all are free . autosquare checkin assistant 4squareminder hopscotch
the old http post task method with tasker does not work anymore , ever since foursquare updated their api . this fsintents app does the job though . works really well ! https://market.android.com/details?id=com.joaomgcd.intentsfeature=search_result
your getting into tasker or locale territory here ( both are apps you can download from the marketplace ) . both apps allow you to configure anything you want on your phone and would probably allow you to configure this . you would need to setup gps points and actions that are triggered by entering those gps points in either app . keep in mind this will increase battery usage as your gps will have to beacon ( per how you configure it ) to determine if you enter those locations . might actually take less time and be all around easier to make a shortcut on your phone to foursquare and just open it . rather than go through and program one of those apps which would take some time .
i would also suggest radii auto checkin .
tasker can do it , using the foursquare api and the http post task in the http post task , fill out the form as follows : server:port -> user:pass@api . foursquare . com path -> /v1/checkin data -> vid=362349 private=1 facebook=0 twitter=0 vid is the numeric id you can get from foursquare . com by looking up the venue . i have it set to not share auto checkins with others . you can also use a tasker variable for vid and define the vid from other events . . ie , i have my office assigned by ' cell near ' , same with the park where i walk my dogs . . i just call the named tasker task and it checks me in when i get to that location . i follow it up with a ' notify ' action to let me know it checked it , and what venueid ( this was mainly for testing . . ) you will want to use a phone number login for foursquare , not a emailaddress . . the @ sign in the email will confuse the http post function .
i made a newer app that does exactly what you asked : check me in non commercial and free to use . the problem i had with the tasker approach is that it does not include your location in the http request , a tasker checkin is not valid for your mayorship .
my first guess would be an app consumes a lot of cpu power and therefore causes the system to overheat . use a system monitor to find out any misbehaving apps .
you can check the the battery status using the service menu of your android device . you can see the current battery level there . the device suggests whether or not to change the battery .
you could try connecting the phone to pc and reboot . after powering down , start adb logcat on computer . in this way you could see system logs during booting and may find what is wrong with the phone .
here 's a full stock rom for the nexus s ( via xda ) : http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/f182cf141e6a.signed-soju-ota-102588.f182cf14.zip ( md5: 3e8908941043951da5a34bb2043dd1a0 ) you should be able to name that update . zip and put it in the root of your sd card ; upon reboot it will be installed .
this one is mini : and this one is micro : there is also another new micro version for usb 3.0 , which looks like this . the port is backwards compatible with the previous micro usb cables ( you just use half the port and it'll just step down to usb 2.0 speeds ) . i am not sure if any android devices use the new port as yet .
i would suggest you start here : guide factory images ( jb-ics-gb ) ( xda developers ) requirements : -android sdk -java jdk -platform-tools -unlocked bootloader ( "fastboot oem unlock " pay attention , wipes everything , also sd card ) -experience with adb and fastboot notice : if you never used the sdk , the jdk , fastboot and adb , before installing the factory image you have to follow this guide in order to get sdk and unlock bootloader . the part that is relevant to you , assuming your device was not running a rooted custom rom before , is 4b : if you are coming from another stock rom ( official older ota unrooted ) , this doen't wipe your data/cache : if you want relock the bootloader ( not necessary , only for warranty ) do also these two step : fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot oem lock  tried to include as much as possible for posterity , but the files you need and so on are in the forum thread anyway so this does not really apply if the forum thread would go down . if you have any questions , please comment and i will update my answer .
rename the file with the appropriate extension and find out ( ie rename img1 . dup0 to img1-1.jpg and open it ) . in the case of the image files i think they are the corresponding thumbnails since the size is small
if you have access to a linux/unix pc ( including osx ) , you can use the file utility to identify the file type . for windows , you can install cygwin to get a unix environment that will have this utility .
csipsimple indeed does the job if you want to use it as your sip client . if you prefer the built-in sip client , try the advanced dialer app .
sipdroid has routing capabilities while also providing basic bluetooth headset support which csipsimple still lacks . i have been able to set it up so that calls with certain prefixes go through device 's gsm voice link and all the rest go via sip . this has had a bonus of blocking short " premium " numbers , which proliferate in european gsm networks and are designed to take advantage of careless cell phone users . https://code.google.com/p/sipdroid/ btw , both sipdroid and csipsimple are opensource projects , so if you need some really advanced routing it is not impossible to code the required logic directly into the app .
you can do that with a program called csipsimple . it let 's you customize not only whether certain calls are routed , through a sip provider , but which sip provider as well . with csipsimple , the filters are based on regular expressions so there is a lot of flexibility .
yes . your in-app subscriptions attached with that card will be disturbed . and , an app developer would be unable to refund money if you have purchased that app using that card ( but , this is solved by contacting google support ) . but , you will not lose any purchased apps . even pending purchases will not be affected if you attach a new card with the account . otherwise , it would be cancelled .
of course not . the only way the would be affected is if they were still pending purchases . i have removed a card previously and all my apps were still intact . your purchases are linked to your account , not to your cards . however common sense still applies . if you have in-app subscriptions set up on the card that you have removed , than the next charge will fail .
i have the same problem , can you try putting the certificate into the " system certificates " as shown here : http://nblock.org/2011/09/03/how-to-update-the-android-certificate-store/ i do not have a linux system on hand at the moment , so i cannot really try it out . let me know if it works !
i was looking into the same issue , and it was answered on xda http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2537794 in short - it is possible if your phone is rooted to move the certificate to the system section . very annoying that it is not possible to exclude certificates from this warning - it only produces noise when i know that the cert is ok to use .
if you are rooted , i would recommend adaway . adblock previously targeted the hosts file which is global . the hosts file method does not require setting any proxy settings . adblock decided to change to the proxy based method though . adaway uses the hosts method ( and thus requires root ) link ( apk link if you scroll down ) : https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=org.adaway
i had the same " waiting for traffic " problem when i rebooted ( worked perfectly before reboot ) . simple solution is to manually force close abp via settings , open abp and it will function properly again
make sure that Filtering is enabled . open the adblock plus app , and turn on Filtering . also , make sure that filters are updated . in the adblock plus app , update the filters by clicking on the circular double arrows . then , restart your phone . if it is really rooted ( you might want to check with a root checker app ) , then you do not need to do anything else . to verify if adblock is working , you can install an app that has ads . in the example below , i installed the Back It app . at the left , you can see a line add at the bottom ; adblock is disabled here . at the right , you can see there is no ad , and there is an adblock plus icon at the notification bar .
try factory setting option in settings . if it doesnt work , try updating it to next version os and again root it if necessary . i would suggest to just root it again it may happen that rooting process is not been completely successfull .
if all else fails , you can flash those images in fastboot . remember to make a nandroid and back it up somewhere safe - this will wipe your device . if you are on windows or osx , you will need to install fastboot through the android sdk . it is part of the " platform tools " package . if you are on linux , you can usually install fastboot through your package manager . additionally , windows needs adb and fastboot drivers for your device . first , you need to boot your device into fastboot/bootloader mode by holding down the volume down button while powering on . you can also use an expanded reboot menu or adb : adb reboot bootloader . second , unzip the file you have downloaded . remember where you unzipped it to . on windows : optional : add the path to your android platform-tools ( adb and fastboot ) to your path environment variable . open an elevated command prompt . ( i think elevating it was necessary ) in the command prompt , navigate to the unzipped android files . type flash-all.bat and press enter . if this does not work , you will need to specify the location of the fastboot . exe file by modifying the PATH=%PATH%... line in the flash-all.bat file . on linux or osx : unzip the downloaded . zip file . open a terminal . navigate to the unzipped files in the terminal . type ./flash-all.sh and press enter .
you will need to flash back to the stock kernel as files linked on that site will only apply to a ' stock ' system partition . you should be able to flash the file via twrp by selecting it ( i presume you have tried this as you said that it gave you an error ) . to flash back to the stock kernel you will need to find the stock kernel image ( ideally you would have a backup from before you flashed the franco kernel ) and then you can install the update . edit : you may be able to find the stock kernel on this xda post
the 2.3 keyboard cannot be installed on 2.1 as-is . it relies on the 2.3 voice search app , which uses api methods not present in 2.1 . ( see this xda post . ) i am sure someone is in the process of hacking the keyboard to work though . to be honest , the only difference i see with the 2.3 keyboard is that the keys are smaller , which i dislike .
passpack mobile is not a standalone app , but a nice mobile interface to your existing passpack account . i use passpack all the time on the desktop , but have not really gotten used to using it in my phone 's browser .
i have been using keepass with dropbox ( just put your keepass file in a dropbox folder ) . it is worked well so far , but i have not been using it on android for long .
i use splashid . used if for many years with my palm diveces - different models . and when i was looking for a program to keep my passwords with me on my phone , i was very pleased that splashdata had an android version so i was able to keep my complete list of passwords ! all in all this tells me that this company is a ) still in business - for many years now , and b ) they follow the market and operating systems - a big plus if you ever switch device . and the fact that they have a windows desktop program with a very cool synchronization build in , makes it even better . the synchro works so easy , you turn on wifi , you start the program both on the desktop and on the phone , and choose syncro . the android version will recognize the splashid program running on the pc . in fact , yt will show a list of all pc 's running the desktop version of splashid . you select the pc name in the list on the phone , and press synchro . all in all , very quick and very easy . that is is how such a system should be .
splashid is outstanding . i like it because it has a desktop component , so you can easily manage your passwords on a human-sized keyboard . synchs with droid when both are on the same wi-fi network . is very accessible on the phone too .
i use lastpass and the dolphin browser add-on on my phone and the desktop app with chrome and ff extensions on my computer . i really like the way it works on the desktop . with the dolphin add on it is very easy to fill in login info , however there is no easy prompt to save the password like there is on the desktop version ( and like the dolphin browser does by default ) . the other drawback is that i have set a very complicated master password which is a pain to type in android . i have set lastpass to save my master so it is pretty easy to use but not as secure . the main app has a cool feature that lets you set a pin for the mobile use but this does not translate over to the dolphin extension . the other benefit to lastpass is that they just bought xmarks which is a good service , and i like keeping things consolidated when i can .
roboform also has an android client which allows you to login to sites from within the native android browser . the caveat however , is that you must store your credentials on the roboform servers using their roboform online service . there is currently no edit or update ability within the application . this is a high priority to add in a future update .
no . favouriting a file in dropbox for android is like " pinning " in some other software : it downloads the file to the device and keeps it there so you can access it offline . i do not use the ipad version , but i assume it has the same effect there . since you might want different files on different devices ( for example , you might want a lot of pdfs or videos on a tablet with a bigger screen and more storage to put them on ) , favouriting a file only applies to the device you do it on .
i will go ahead and post this as an answer . android 4.2 , including sony 's package on the z1 , supports miracast - a wireless display standard that is sorta becoming a thing now . miracast is what sony uses to connect you to their own tv 's , so it is not a proprietary sony thing ( surprisingly ) . in order to use miracast , you need either a smart tv with the feature built in . or you can use a miracast receiver - they range from $50-$80 . i personally use this one - it is worked great for me from android and windows without any hiccups . note that there is real latency between the phone and the tv 's displays . you are looking at a 500ms lag at best , so this will not work well ( or at all ) for games . it is really good for watching videos , and things that do not require much interaction .
it’s very important to make sure you perform a backup of all your data before attempting to install this ! step 1 : make a backup of your all data . step 2: download the base firmware necessary ( your 's 4.0.4 stock firmware ) step 3: download it , after unzip the file . step 4: go to open odin 3.04 ( if you don’t have it you can download it from here ) step 5: restart your device into download mode , for make this press power and volume down buttons . step 6: connect phone and wait until you get a yellow/blue color with port number in odin software interface . ( if your system did not detect usb , re-install usb device driver/kies ) step 7: add the firmware_name . tar . md5 to pda , verify re-partition is not ticked , start flash , don’t touch anything and wait a few minutes . done . note : do it on your own risk
this sounds more like inconsistent wifi settings . since your phone shows its connected , try to visit your router 's web interface through the phone to see if its connected properly . ( note that please use stock browser and no proxies for now ) if this does not work , most likely its the problem with wrong password or security mode like wep/wpa . if the above works , then i suspect you to have a dns problem . a rooted phone can let you custom-set the dns on your phone . try to set it to google 's dns . just to confirm if its a dns problem , try entering an ip address of a website rather than the domain name .
i have been using galaxy mini for the last 2 years . wifi is working with normal network . but in our company , advanced wifi mobile is not responding . after googling , i found out this phone does not have ' direct wifi ' options like higher-end phones ( eg . galaxy sii ) . i suggest you change the phone !
a few things to try : reboot your device change the router to use 802.11b/g instead of 802.11n change the router channel ( to 1 , 6 , or 11 if using north american channels ) change the security from wep to wpa or vice-versa ensure you have no mac filtering or firewall rules on the router switch the router from using the 5.0 ghz band to the 2.4 ghz band , or vice-versa other suggestions posted in answer to windows laptop works with wi-fi ap , phone claims it is connected but can&#39 ; t access internet
quote op 's comment : thanks logos for the quick response , well actually its my office phone , i have rooted this phone and the only other apps i see are busybox installer , teeter and superuser . the weird thing is that with my office wifi i am able to access internet not apps , – amrit jan 7 at 10:56 it could be because your office wifi may be blocking that apps . ( eg : facebook )
solution which worked for me is by installing the configuration settings . call up the customer care and ask them send you the configuration settings . since you reset your phone old configuration settings would have been erased . once you install the configuration settings you will be able to access internet for all the apps .
that is a stumper - have you tried calling up your carrier and making sure that it is not an issue with them ? have you installed any permissions privacy management apps ? they might be blocking internet connectivity by default . failing that , the only suggestion i would be able to make is to do a full factory reset . . . not very appealing , i know .
i would reference this thread : http://serverfault.com/questions/201588/configuring-a-router-to-drop-packets-introduce-latency-corrupt-data does not seem to be any reason iptables should not work .
since your device is rooted you can install a proxy . i have used transparentproxy . then setup a proxy on another machine on your local network . point transparentproxy to that proxy and then set your proxy to throttle . a few proxies that might work include charlesproxy or service capture . if that does not work then you can come at it from the router level . a machine running bsd or linux can function as a router . or you can get a virtual appliance or bootable cd to do it for you .
it is possible to set network latency and speed using the emulator control functions of the standard android developer tools . if using eclipse : select window\open perspective\ddms on the screen you will see a tab named " emulator control " . in this tab , you will find the speed and latency options . the ' telephony settings ' at the very top have speed and latency selections . there are other ways to modify these settings ( including scripting them in your emulator setup ) , but this is the simplest way to access the settings .
this is a known bug in the android os . a senior at and t engineer let me know that this is a problem and hopefully it will be fixed soon . it is not a at and t , verizon or t-mobile issue . it is a problem with android : ( edit : he let me know that there is an app on the google store called " touchdown " that is a workaround for this issue .
the home screen in just a shortcut to the app . the app drawer contains the all installed apps . you can not remove it , unless you uninstall the app itself . consider the icons placed on your home screen as shortcuts , like on desktop in windows .
you cannot remove an app from the apps screen ! when u add the icon of a particular app on your home screen , you are just creating a quick shortcut to that particular app . but if you really want to remove an app from your app drawer you could simply hide it with the help of applications from the play store ! .
you will not be able to use bt-dun on the streak unless there is something custom built into the ui . my archos 70 has a setting baked into android for bluetooth tethering specifically . without that or some app to enable it , the streak will not know where to get the internet connection from , even if the devices are connected . do not bother with pdanet because it only works when you are going the other way , sharing your android internet connection with another device . another option , would be to put mywi on your iphone and make it a wireless access point , then you can connect to it via your wifi connection . there is one problem : the mywi creates an adhoc connection and android does not recognize adhoc . you can get around this by editing your wpa_supplicant file but you need to be rooted to do this . here are the instructions to do this : http://android.modaco.com/content/dell-streak-streak-modaco-com/316049/ad-hoc-network-connection-for-streak/
if you want your phone to not turn on in your pocket but still be able to have someone find your phone and identify it as yours , here 's what i recommend . set your phone background message ( the text that can display on your phone lock screen once enabled or edited ) to your name and email address . anyone who finds your phone can then contact you if they do not just want to steal it . enable a pass code , pattern lock , or password on your phone . you will never be able to disable the emergency call option from your lock screen ( unless you install a custom rom ) , but this should help cut down on the butt dials and other issues .
i did a search for " pattern based call blocking android app " . first result this app has call and sms blocking based on patterns .
try afirewall despite the name , it is an sms/call blocking app .
i assume you are talking about the home and launcher screens . the launcher is exactly that , a place for your to launch apps from , while the home screen can be populated by shortcuts , folders , and widgets which make content richer and more accessible . perhaps a defy owner may be able to suggest a reason as to why there might be lag and what to do about it , but it might just be a bit of struggle for your phone to load all the apps you have , which is dependant on memory size and cpu speed . perhaps a replacement launcher would be faster . the top two seem to be adw and launcher pro , of which i think launcher pro might be marginally faster . you might also want to try go launcher and zeam . do some research and testing . as well as being faster , their are often highly configurable . for instance , the feel of the native launcher on my samsung galaxy s2 is very ' tactile ' and ' organic ' despite the power of the handset . however , adw allows me to set the speed of the homescreen and appdraw so that it is snappy as hell . i can also create differing app draws , excluding unnecessary apps and allowing it to load faster .
i just bought the phone yesterday after reading a lot about it . my phone does not have any lag in the app launcher ( the screen with the shortcuts for the installed applications , vertical scroll ) and has about 50 shortcuts and it is quite responsive .
what you are describing as the horizontal scrolling is the home screen . it is there to hold shortcuts to apps and widgets . think of it as your pc 's desktop . the vertical scrolling list is the list of actual applications that are installed ( like opening c:\program files ) . when you add new apps , it might take a second or two for android to load their icons into the cache . so long as you do not install hundreds of apps , this should not get exponentially slower . i suspect that demo unit probably needed to be reset since dozens of people handle it every day . i have not played with the defy specifically , but i have a wide selection of phones running different oses at my desk and none of them are terribly slow in the launcher app .
does not the x10 have very unique camera software ( an original interface for viewing pictures ) ? i would not know because i do not have one , but i thought that was the case . it looks like the camera software has some sort of bug at lines 124 and 202 in its gridactivity . sending this error report to the manufacturer ( sony ) along with how you got it ( like bryan denny said ) would be very helpful to them . unfortunately , it looks like its one photo at a time for now .
if you have a rooted phone you can try the fasterfix app , it worked for me . you can set the continent where you are and the gps get a lock in last than a minute .
iirc there is a hidden menu that allows you to enable/disable automatic downloading of the gps almanac via the data connection . entering # #3214789650# # will bring you into the gps test mode ( with android 2.2 ) . check the supl settings . see this great blog post for more information : http://www.androidng.com/fix-galaxy-s-gps also xda-developers has a nice topic about a simple hardware fix for better and fester gps fixes , you can find it here .
i have found the gps status app to be good for seeing what’s happening with the gps sensor . it can also manually download agps data to improve the time to get a gps fix . according to the wikipedia article on assisted gps , you need up to 12.5 minutes of continuous , clear signal to get a gps fix without agps . it’s pure speculation on my part , but maybe your phone doesn’t download agps data automatically if you’re roaming and don’t have wifi .
it looks like ebookdroid has this functionality . the pdf reader in documents to go looks like it might , too .
in Settings -> Volumes you will want to uncheck Link ringtone &amp; notification volumes actual system volume can not be " tied " to ringtone/notification . if this is not what you mean , please edit your question and explain more if possible .
the nexus s is a developer phone , so yes it can be rooted by unlocking the boot-loader first . that always work . however , many users wishes to root the phone without unlocking the boot-loader . and that is currently ( 18.06.2011 ) not possible with version 2.3.4 . not with the nexus-one , not with the nexus-s . if you decide to unlock then lie ryan answer shows you how .
try this tutorial , http://theunlockr.com/2010/12/17/how-to-root-the-samsung-nexus-s/
it is either a mobile network data enabled switch or a 2g/3g switch , try it and check your data connection . edit : got confirmation , see comments .
nicked from here : menu -> edit . click the red ( - ) button in the upper-right corner of the screens you want to delete . use the [ + ] button at the bottom to add a new screen .
you can not with the default launcher . however , with a lot of home screen replacements you can define how many home screens to have . ( zeam , go launcher , and launcher pro do , for sure . )
as per advice from narayanan , i replaced /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg with another .ogg file . the next time it was triggered , the new file played . i then tried placing an empty file at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg , but this did not work . finally , i downloaded a slient .ogg from here , placing it at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg . this worked perfectly .
i see sparhawk wants to disable the warning sound alone and not the popup . i stumbled on an xposed module which will disable both . i just keep this posted just in case if sparhawk wants to slightly compromise on the requirement and also probably will help others who read this post . text from the post : disable the low battery alert with xposed posted october 13 , 2013 at 12:30 am by will verduzcodifficulty:1 disable the low battery alert with xposed there are plenty of xposed modules out there . their purposes range widely from adding previously device-specific functionality to patching bugs , and everything in between . this is , of course , all made possible by xda recognized developer rovo89‘s fantastic xposed framework ( thread ) . the framework allows developers to create a module apk that is able to make a modification at runtime , while leaving original files intact . both a boost in ease-of-use and user safety , xposed makes device modification into a click and reboot affair . a new xposed module from xda senior member defim has appeared , and its purpose is to remove that annoying low battery popup alert that you are given when running low on juice . yes , being notified that your battery is running low is generally useful . however , for those of us who actively look at the battery meter in our status bars , it’s a bit redundant . furthermore , if you happen to be in a call when you receive this alert , it will generally turn on your screen , thus reactivating the touch sensor . for yours truly , this has resulted in accidentally ended phone calls , unintentional muting , and more . the module will work on any ics+ device with xposed framework installed . simply install the module , activate it , and reboot . to tame your low battery alert , head over to the module thread . the exposed module is available in this xda thread .
well , i am not going to take credit of this answer , i just googled out the answer of this question . head over to the /system/media/audio/ui it will have lowbattery . ogg file rename it to something different like lowbattery . ogg . bak or something else . it will not bother you . ps : you need to be a rooted user to do that and yes removing the lowbattery . ogg try renaming and let me know about it !
i would say that this would be somewhat of a " driver " issue . it seems that your home cinema system does not know what your device is and it cannot connect to it . i would try seeing if there is a firmware update for the system ( if it supports firmware updates ) . it recognizes the blackberry because they have been around for so long , and they probably use the same driver to communicate with just about any blackberry .
this , really , is not an android question , it relates more to file systems . the limitation is set by the file system . fat32 can have 65,536 entries . each file and subdirectory takes from two to thirteen entries , depending on the length of its name . there is one entry that hold the short ( 8.3 ) name of the file name . if the actual name does not fit that entry , then there will be one to twelve more entries , each of which holds 13 bytes of the full name . the size of the file itself , does not have make a difference , unless the file is larger the 4gb , which is the maximum file size for a single file in fat32 . you can read more on the fat32 spec if you wish here .
sometimes the market gets " hung up " on some of the app downloads . you can long press the item in question that is stuck and then cancel the download . you will have to re-start the download yourself , but this will usually fix the problem .
in addition to bryan 's answer , you could try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and clearing the data for the market . that might be easier than manually cancelling every download .
upon searching at xda , few had success in rooting galaxy note 3 ( chinese version ) SM-N9006 and installing google playstore via CWM . nobody there has mentioned why root is required to flash cwm via odin . my guess is it is required to flash cwm by odin . cwm is required to flash gapps . please follow the instuctions in this thread at xda where users have reported success with cwm and playstore functionality . there is another thread which uses a safe method for rooting without disturbing knox . i would recommend trying it out before following the first link for flashing gapps . disclaimer : i do not own this device and any answer provided by me is found from internet search and the rate of success may vary . please read thoroughly before proceeding to avoid bricking your device .
@mr a , there is no other way to install google apps without root . it is happen because the system need to install gapps to system folder . you only need to root and flash custom recovery base on your device . after that , you can flash the corresponding gapps to your os version through custom recovery .
there is a difference between the amount of data reported from your device , and from what your carrier counts . usually , that is minor ; but with bad connections and frequent retries , the difference might get bigger : imagine you want to transfer a 10 mb file . android counts 10 mb , and so usually does the carrier . but with a bad connection , and , say , all data-packages had to be re-transmitted 10 times until being transferred successfully , android might still count a 10 mb file transfer , while your carrier sees 100 mb data traffic . i have got to admit i do not know for sure how android calculates data transfer here , so the above might not truly reflect it ( though your description suggests something like that – or an error on your carrier 's side , which you might wish to check with him ) . the " usual differences " are that the carrier calculates in " units " ( e . g . " per 10 kb block" ) , while android calculates the real size . differences here are usually not much larger than 10% on average .
turns out it was the carrier that messed up something as it seems i was not the only one to get this issue , so i did not really use all that data .
there are a few options here , let 's do the easiest first : do not boot into download mode from the "4 way menu " from the device , this will cause issues . ensure you turn the device off and boot into recovery with the volume down + power buttons . ensure USB Debugging is enabled on the device . ensure samsung-kies has no processes running , or just uninstall it completely . it causes a lot of issues with usb drivers . ensure you have the correct usb drivers installed for your device . try a different usb port , and cable if possible . try deleting /System/Library/Extensions/Heimdall.kext and reinstalling heimdall try running this command : sudo kextload /System/Library/Extensions/heimdall.kext if you get an error then point 3 is your error ! ensure heimdall has the correct permissions : sudo chown -R root:wheel /System/Library/Extensions/heimdall.kext reinstall your os ( linux ) from scratch ( this is a rather nuclear option to be honest ) finally this is more general for other users . if you are using a mac os run the following :
yes , change the notification settings in Market -&gt; (Menu button/Action Bar Button depending on device) Settings .
at first glance i can see ( at least ) one of the following problems : the phone 's " charging system " is dead ( worst case ) . cable/charger is broken battery is dead . of course i cannot deduct something more precise , because of the lack of information you provide , but what i would do is the following : ask someone to lend you a micro usb cable to try charge it ( use both wall plugs along with adapter and a pc usb port ) . if the above wont work , take it to a local electronics shop to test your battery . if the above fails too , you are probably unlucky .
you can install from here but may be its in development phase and not activated google+
well i could not download it from the market app on my phone in germany , but i was able to install it from play store . otherwise you might try installing market enabler and fake that you are in the us .
if you do not mind getting it from untrusted sources , you can google " google plus android apk " , and this will show you a list of repositories and forums to download it from . note that , as a is the nature of such , let 's call them , untrusted sources , there is no guarantee that either they or the google query will persist for long , so i am not even bothering to link to anybody .
super one click is written in c# . you need mono to run it under linux and other non-windows platforms . you can check your ubuntu package manager for mono or download it from here . the xda-forum-link also has a link to a detailed description on how to make it work under linux . i have never personally used it on linux , but once the program is up and running , it should be very self explanatory .
several options : you had an exchange email account ( probably corporate ) which had device admin permissions , and it got activated by the email provider . you had android device manager installed and somebody activated the factory reset or you reset it by unluckily booting the device into boot loader , opening recovery and factory resetting ( as suggested by @peter carlos )
well , i do not think you could get to know what has made your device getting factory reset on its own . as far as i know i think somehow the volume up and power keys may have been pressed which results in factory reset . i have also heard the if you put the patter lock wrong over the htc m8 for more that 10 times , the device gets automatically factory reset . i am sure accidently you may have ! !
a number of motorola devices support that feature . here is a link to their site . my group has the bionic and atrix 2 and they support that feature . http://www.motorola.com/business-ready/us-en/business-ready-support-pages/security
prior to android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , android did not natively supported encrypting local storage at all . android 3.0 introduced the ability to encrypt the local device , and to enforce device encryption by activesync policy . other than the galaxy nexus , every phone currently on the market is running either a 1 . x or 2 . x version of android , none of these support device or removable media encryption in the android os , it is possible that some manufacturers may have added encryption , but this is not a standard part of the os available to standard activesync implementations . for android 4 . x phones ( currently only the galaxy nexus ) full device encryption ( and the relevant policies ) is brought to phones but this still does not seem to include removable media .
i am using a sgs2 - corporate exchange / activesync account does indeed force encryption of all device storage
visit halo color wallpaper lite > https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tangblack.colorgradientwallpaper.lite
can you not make your own ? open up paint or photoshop of some sort and fill an area black . save the image as a png and then place on your phones memory card . then on the phone set your wallpaper from the gallery and select the black image .
the simplest way to create a black image is to keep the phone with camera down on desk ( so that no light falls on the camera ) and shooting an image . then simply set the recently shot image as your wall paper . : )
halo color wallpaper does a great job for your android device !
i developed an app named color wallpaper that does this . it is free and available on the android market . there are many other colors to choose from besides black .
select Google Maps as default and then you only need to select Navigation to open Google Navigation .
adb reboot bootloader  then fastboot flash &lt;whatever-it-is-you-want-to-flash&gt;  if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . it may also be that you do not have the drivers correctly installed , which may happen under windows 8 because of its insistence on signed drivers . - source
internal/device memory is similar to ram which android os makes use of . its location will probably will remain invisible to you since your device is non-rooted . i am assuming you want access to internal storage and not internal memory . you can access your internal storage which has the path of /storage/sdcard0 where '/' is the root directory . " apps and media " contains all your application data ( save files , scores etc ) , your photos and images stored on the device , music files ( mp3 , ringtones etc ) and videos . you will need to root your device to see the contents of "/" directory as rooting your device will provide you with super user privileges and thus allow rw access to all directories . you can check this link to know more about the difference between storage and memory .
you might wish to take a look at our fine internal-storage tag-wiki for a short definition : internal storage generally refers to the storage space on your device that can be used for installing applications and their associated data . it might be a bit confusing , but that is what the terms " device storage " or " phone storage " usually refer to . with most devices , this is where /data points to , and also other partitions like /system , /cache , and /recovery . you can find some additional details in the answers to android folder hiearchy . as /data is where the apps store their " private " data ( well , to be more precise : that would be /data/data ) , and /system is reserved for , hm , the system , on a not rooted devices most content will stay hidden from you ( "insufficient privileges " to see/access ) .
after a lot of searching around and trial and error i stumbled across the answer to this . 1 ) what is the location on the internal memory that is considered as device memory ? i mean is it a folder ? yes . device memory is calculated from the data folder present under root . 2 ) how exactly does android go about calculating that " apps and media " 3 ) is there any way of seeing the file/folder contents of device memory ? the " device memory " includes all the contents of that /data folder . apps : ( apps that are actually installed on my phone ) , data : that is used by these installed apps , core . i am yet to find out about this . dalvik cache : which gets created for each app that is installed . there is a particular file that is taken from each apk file installed on the phone and put here on the dalvik cache . free space : finally the much needed answer to where all my free space went off too . it got consumed by the way " device memory " is architectured . so if you install around 400mb of apps that is enough to actually fill up 1.5gb of data folder . hope this was of help . here is a screenshot for reference .
do an adb pull /init.goldfish.rc and the file will be on your pc :- )
just tap the document you are reading . ( note , not a long-tap ; that opens a different menu . ) from page 5 of " getting started with adobe reader . pdf " ( which downloads with the app ) : my pdf documents are in adobe reader . now what do i do ? tap the middle of the screen once to reveal the toolbars . after a few moments , they disappear until you tap again .
the red cable pictured is a usb-otg cable too . it is no different to having the adaptor-style cable with a normal usb-a to micro-usb cable attached . so if your amp will work with one , it will work with the other too . just be extra careful when using a symmetric-looking usb-otg cable . usb-otg works by having the pins wired differently in the " host " and " peripheral " ends of the cable , so you need to be careful to plug the " host " end into the phone . different cables have different ways of identifying which is which , so be careful to check the instructions that come with the cable . of course , your amp might not work for other reasons . if it lacks an external power supply , then it needs the host device to supply enough power for it . most smartphones can not supply a lot of power via usb-otg , so in that case you had need to use it with a powered usb hub . the other reason it might not work is if it uses the usb audio profile . most android devices lack driver support for usb audio ; there are other questions about that on the site .
to begin with this , i do not think that this question does not belong here , because it is related to the android system logs and that is something we can be helpfull with . i found a thread , where the people are discussing various methods to obtain these log information - see here : there are several directories where logs ( including those from crashes ) might appear -- not all of them are standardized ( i.e. . some may be rom-specific ) . /data/anr: some trace files seem to get here ( dalvik writes stack traces here on anr , i.e. " application not responding " aka " force-close" ; see e.g. log excerpts here ) /data/dontpanic seems to be a standard location ( aosp ) , and contains some crash logs including traces ( see e.g. viaforensics and stackoverflow ) /data/kernelpanics is another location -- not having had any " kernel panic " on my android devices , i saw no content there yet . the /data/panic/panic_daemon.config may point to other locations configured -- on my droid 2 it mentions /sdcard/panic_data/ /data/tombstones may hold several tombstone_nn files ( with nn being a serial , increased with every new file ) . as tombstones are placed for the dead , it is done here for " processes died by accident " ( i.e. . crashed ) -- and it is what is referred to as " core dumps " on linux/unix systems . however , not all apps create tombstones ; this must be explicitly enabled by the developer ( see debugging android core dumps ) . since you already have root access to your phone , you can even examine the logcat output through the adb . here are some other links that might be of use for you : link - the " android system info " application 's description link - the " crash log ( logcat ) " application ( playstore link ) link - * in brief : since it is a long artice , which describes how to debug , this can be found anywhere in google ( see also " debuggerd" ) . this is of course if those links ever get down . my personal advice - revert to the original android rom , which was installed on the samsung , then perform a revert to factory defaults , go where you bought the phone and ask them to see it once more if the problem persists . cheers
usually android can use only fat32 because of permissions in ext file systems . if you have a terminal emulator installed + root + busybox you can do it like that : open terminal ; type su to get root ; insert cable and flash drive ; type dmesg to get device name ; make a folder using your file manager ; try to : mount -t ext4 /dev/(device name) (path to folder you make) ; enter the folder : cd (path to folder) ; change the file permissons : chmod 777 (your file) ; go to that folder with file manager and play . or you could just use stickmount .
try usb mass storage watcher otg ( requires root ) . some people say it works on ext4 . if it does not work , it is possible your otg cable is not compatible .
have you tried the superoneclick root method ?
there are some games around that use over 80+ megabytes of space . cleaning those up first should give you some breathing space .
for limiting gmail storage , at least -- fire up the gmail client . click menu > settings > labels from there you can select how many days worth you want synced overall , and per label . reducing the number could help cut down on the clutter .
there really is not much control you can do over limiting storage . most likely the data is from the apps using local sqlite databases to store information their apps use . you can pretty much only do these things : move the app to the sd card if you have android 2.2 clear the data cache every now and then ( but it is going to grow again )
sockets and pipes represent unix ' way of inter process communication , and a communication channel has no point in having a size . sockets are thus not seekable as in go to position x in the file . linux ( which android makes use of ) has 7 file types : regular files directories character  device files block device files local domain sockets named pipes symbolic links see more here
unfortunately i was still getting this issue ( seems to come and go ) under android l , so to answer your question , no , it is not fixed . see https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=70755 for others who are reporting the issue still exists .
my samsung galaxy s came with the aldiko e-reader pre-installed . apparently , this is pre-installed by samsung , not my carrier . it is specified in the official galaxy s website in the user guide , under tools .
i prefer fbreader but none of the android readers are as good as stanza for iphone . i find them all quite disappointing : ( .
i am using laputa reader and i am very much satisfied with same .
my tmo vibrant came with the kindle app , but as saiboogu said , they are all downloadable , too .
in the us , at least , most editions of the galaxy s are shipped with quick office , a pretty functional document viewer that includes word and pdf support . it is basic , but works . beyond that , quite a few 3rd party apps are available on the market , including adobe reader , amazon kindle , barnes and noble nook , and a handful of readers supporting non drmed formats like txt and epub .
android 2.1 does not have any preloaded ebook readers but specific phones may have something preloaded . the pre-loaded apps depend on the carrier , but regardless you can download different ebook readers from the android app market for free . unfortunately none of the current ebook readers are a complete solution as they all have major limitations . here are the main players : free and non-proprietary ( free app and free books ) aldiko : supports epubs with and without adobe drm . there are thousands of these books available ; aldiko also has an included store selling commercial , drm-protected books . great user interface . aldiko also has a paid app that has more features . there are a bunch more that do the open source books in the app market but none hold a candle to aldiko . proprietary ( these are all free apps but in most cases you have to buy the books ) ereader : only reads pdb files and you have to sideload the app . there area several book stores that sell books in this format including ereader . com and fictionwise but these books are usually twice as much as kindle or nook books . barnes and noble used to sell pdb ebooks but swicthed to a drm'd epub . this has got a great ( powerful and easy ) ui and used to be my favorite when i could get books from b and n but now it is useless to me . nook : reads open epubs and drm'd epubs you buy from barnes and noble . the ui needs a lot of work compared to ereader and aldiko . * i just abandoned this for the kindle app . kindle : ( this one comes pre-loaded on the t-mobile galaxy s ) reads drm'd ( . azw ) ebooks you buy from amazon . * this is now my ereader of choice . kobo : reads ebooks from kobo.com. i have not bothered with this since the nook came out . it used to be able to read borders . com books but i do not know anymore . the old version of the app did not allow for offline reading but they might have fixed that . most of the major proprietary readers ( nook , kindle and kobo ) all have about the same selection of new release books at the same price ( about $12.99 per book ) . i expect these apps to get a lot better in the future it is just a very frustrating that i used to be able to use a much more robust and user friendly app ( ereader ) with new b and n books , but now i have had to downgrade to the nook . but to answer you question ( got off on a tangent there , sorry ) : if you get the galaxy s from t-mobile you will have kindle pre-loaded , but even if nothing 's pre-loaded you can download all or any of the above mentioned apps for free from the android market ( except ereader which you have to sideload ) . update : amazon just recently updated their kindle app with a few key features ( that i came to love in ereader ) that make it a nook killer in my book : 1 . ability to highlight text and make notes 2 . ability to long click on a word and look it up at dictionary . com or wikipedia . i am switching to the kindle app now although i am annoyed that i just bought two nook books .
in your google calendar on the web you can set a default notification period for the events you subsequently set up on the web calendar . in the calendar app provided with gingerbread i do not see any similar default setting but you can set a notification for each event you set up . fyi google has numerous problems with alarms in gingerbread . one is that if you subsequently change an alarm that was set up in the web calendar using the web calendar that change may not sync to the phone . another is that eventually notifications will start coming late and there is no known fix ( in spite of google presumably knowing about it for almost a year although they have only apparently actually acknowledged knowing about it for about six months ) .
yes , the hspa+ galaxy nexus phone from google play store is the i9250 model . that clip should fit it just fine .
having " root " just means you have a working su binary installed ( the " su " application is generally just a management front-end for the linux-level binary installed in /system/bin or /system/xbin ) . so , something has gone wrong with the binary , or the way its installed , or its permissions , or its location , or . . . i suspect the apps that still work must have chown'd themselves once at setup time ? so they only need su to work once , and after that they are good to go . if you can connect an adb shell or run an android terminal ( that was just the first play store search hit , i am not endorsing that specific terminal ) , type " su " and see if you get a meaningful error . you can use adb to copy a new su binary over , or just re-"root " the device . see the faq questions here : http://androidsu.com/superuser/faq/
if you mean kindle freetime , swipe down then tap exit .
no more precisely than you already know : if it is connected with bluetooth , it is probably less than ten metres away . it might theoretically be possible to use the round-trip-time between the two devices , and the finite speed of radio waves , to compute the distance , but in practice at these small scales the travel time is less than the latency in the bluetooth stack . radio waves take about 3 ns to travel a metre , which is about the time it takes a 2 ghz processor to execute one instruction .
you can try to send the apk . file via bluetooth or via email . but if it does not work at all , go to settings> > security> > unknown sources ( enabled ) . . . beacuse apk . is a non-market apps .
normally phones should be able to install apps even if they are not signed . normally your friend should be able to install your app . i was able to download the application , and i could also start the installation from the link . make sure that your friends phone has ' unknown sources ' enabled in the security menu ( enable settings > security > unknown sources ) . because otherwise it will also not work ( without using google play == unknown source ) . no offense though , but i did not test all the way through the installation , because i do not trust it well enough and i have no idea what the app actually does . for all i know it is a virus ; - )
there could possibly be a bug which is causing the app to delete the latest incoming messages . un-install the application . power off and wait for 2-3mins switch on the device and install the app from the play store check for and install the latest updates for hangouts from the play store always keep your applications up to date in order to avoid some bugs like this in the future
android market just recently added carrier billing for at and t customers .
the developer sets the price in the developer 's local currency . the buyer purchases the app in his/her local currency . google does the conversion . recently the market has started showing the prices already converted to the local currency . that is more to help you understand what the price really is . you still pay with whatever your local currency is and the developer still receives whatever his/her local currency it .
i have since found this link that lists 12 currencies supported by the market . they are : canadian dollar swiss franc danish krone euro british pound hong kong dollar japanese yen norwegian krone new zealand dollar swedish krone singapore dollar us dollar no mention of the australian dollar . presumably an oversight ?
go to Settings &gt; application settings &gt; manage application then tap on the app . it'll say the version you are running under the name . you should not have to check though ; if the app in the market does not say " installed " then you do not have the most recent version .
assuming you were purchasing through android market ( app store is iphone ) , credit card payments are handled by google checkout . ( more info : http://market.android.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=105916 ) google checkout api is secure even though you will not see an https indicator like you would for ssl-enabled sites in a web browser ( e . g . the green location bar in internet explorer ) .
no one is answering my question here . . . so i presume it simply is not possible to view whether you are using a secure connection of not . in this age , this is a great oversight , in my opinion .
have you tried removing and re-adding the facebook account in your " accounts and sync " settings ? sometimes something in the sync process can get corrupted ( left half-finished , etc ) and that prevents future sync attempts from working properly . if you clear the account info off the phone and then re-sync it ( wi-fi recommended ) you should get a clean copy . if that does not work , something 's borked with your facebook app ; try completely uninstalling and reinstalling the app ( or at least remove all updates , if your phone/provider considers facebook a " system app" ) . if you had said that none of the facebook sections were syncing properly , i would say you were on a lan that was blocking access to the domain , but that is apparently not the case here .
you can flash supersu from recovery ( cwm or twrp ) to reinstall the su binaries again . you should then either have supersu already installed , or you can install another su app . then install apphider again , grant it root , and then unhide supersu if it is not already showing . i ran into something similar yesterday while applying the ota to a rooted nexus 5 , and this fixed it .
samsung galaxy ace runs at least android version 2.2 and is upgradable to gingerbread , so the device already has the possibility to move apps to the sd card . though , not all apps support this . you can move an app to the sd card by navigating to settings -> applications -> manage applications and click on the app you want to move . then you click the button move to sd card . if you root your device you can move apps that does not support app 2 sd , as well ( except for launchers and widgets which must be installed on internal storage ) . if you are running android 2.2 you can use the desktop program super one click to root . if you are running 2.3 you can read a tutorial here . hope that helps !
the enabled=true in this list tells whether the ime 's service is enabled in its manifest ; that is , whether the developer of the ime has allowed it to appear in that list . it has nothing to do with whether it is turned on or off in the settings .
at the suggestion of a forum member elsewhere , i called tmobile and asked them about their new " uncarrier " plan . it is a non-contract , postpaid plan with the exact same pricing and services as my current tmo prepaid plan , but i regain the ability to forward voicemails among other things . you have to submit to a credit check for a possible deposit ( max is only one month 's plan ie $50 ) . so going to the " uncarrier " plan was the solution for me . hope this helps .
try going into Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications -&gt; WordFeud and clicking both the Clear cache and Clear data buttons . Clear data may remove your account , so you may have to log back in , but it should help the problem . if it does not , i would have to say uninstall and re-install .
i am using evernote v4.2.1 and the multiple list functionality works correctly , whether i am using numbers or boxes or hyphens . the result is : test test you should try to update your app in google play and try again .
the youtube app does not provide these free movies . i believe the only movies google provides is in their play store ; obvious not free options .
i do see what you are talking about . in my youtube app ( ics version ) i can see several categories under " browse " , where it seems movies would fit in , but this category is non-existent . i do know that there are many videos on youtube that are " not available for viewing on mobile devices " , and i think this is what is happening in this case . for example , " talladega nights " is currently available under the youtube movie section , but cannot be found in doing a search on the mobile app . it looks like this is a desktop only feature for now :/
it appears that the " view free movies only " functionality has not been added to either the youtube app nor the mobile version of the site . presumably this will be added at some future date , but until then , a workaround ( which works for me in canada , at least from brief testing ( i was able to open and start watching final fantasy : the spirits within ) ) would be to do the following : open youtube.com/movies in your device browser . hit the " desktop " link at the bottom-left . open the free section as normal and find the movie you want . when you hit the watch now button , select to open in the youtube app rather than in browser . if at some point in those steps it just jumps on its own to the youtube app , you will need to go into settings-> applications-> youtube and clear the " launch by default " setting for the app .
you can look at the google changes for each release of android , but this device uses samsung touchwiz . this release contains the google changes , plus the changes that samsung made . i do not know of a " change log " page that samsung has . i read that this version is the official gingerbread 2.3.5 release of android touchwiz . but also , if you use a usb jig , that it breaks the that functionality .
you can check the background process limit box . its the best way to limit your background processes and in a way save your battery . you can also use power saving mode if you have one . . . .
on my htc wildfire ( buzz ) running android 4.0.4 i find the corresponding option in settings&rarr ; data usage , when i hit the " menu " button . this brings up a sub-menu with 4 checkboxes : data-roaming , background data , show wifi , linear scale . tapping the " background data " option i am informed : background data only can be limited if you defined an overall limit for mobile data ( well , i have not defined any limit there yet ) . so that should be where background data can be restricted .
are you sure that you have enabled fde ? i have read this link which states that fde may not work directly as expected ( must try in 4.2.2 multiple times ) , and that you need a pin or password defined in advance . i mean , if you can access your data without entering a security credential then your device is probably not encrypted right ? watch out fde may not encrypt all the things you think it should : does android&#39 ; s full filesystem encryption also encrypt the sdcard ?
you can try to switch your current live wallpapers with the gingerbread pack the nexus s came with . this will need your device to be rooted though . as seen on this topic on xda-developers , you can use root explorer ( or any other application that can get into the android filesystem , like root browser lite ) to switch your with livewallpaper . apk file located on system/app with this one , which contains the stock gingerbread live wallpapers from the nexus s , and possibly the one you are looking for . -- also , there is some really similar live wallpapers available on the market , including one called galaxy core 3d livewallpaper , which looks almost like the one you are looking for .
i would guess this is not cm9 specific , but based on a quick test on my kindle fire you can just hit the Back button on the account select screen the first time you launch music and it will simply skip it . also , you can unlink your account by clearing the music app 's data in your settings ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Music-&gt;Clear Data ) .
besides a few visual differences , the look to be the exact same device . the only differences i see between the 2 spec sheets is the dimensions and weight . i5800 specs i5801 specs
this has always been a problem . try this , always works for me . ensure debugging is enabled install device drivers if it still does not work use this http://koush.com/post/universal-adb-driver , reboot and try again should definitely work .
since you are comfortable with using android debug bridge ( adb ) , you can try the following steps in order : 1 ) open a command prompt ( windows ) or shell prompt ( linux ) at android-sdk\platform-tools directory . 2 ) type adb kill-server 3 ) type adb start-server 4 ) type adb devices if your device does not show up , try updating the android sdk to the latest version and repeat the above steps again .
i do not know if there is any setting for that ( samsung has certainly more than one device , and i do not know them all with all their specifics ) . but there are other means/approaches to this : you might try some of the toggle switches and widgets available on google play you could check for some automation tool like tasker , which have the feature of toggling mobile data . at least tasker permits to create widgets on the homescreen bound to specific tasks , so you could create a toggle-widget yourself both approaches should work independent of the device you are going to use them on .
seems like gandhicam is dead . . .
i am not sure it is open source , as i could not find any reference to it being so , but you can try using the contact link on their website to report the bug .
since you have jelly bean ; how about a lock-screen widget ? they are very useful and there are tons of them . note by default lock screen widgets are disabled , go to the Settings app on your device , select Security and look for the "Enable Widgets" option you could use google keep as an example : i use dash clock widget on my lock screen and homescreen ! it is a wonderful , simple widget . the advantage is you can add loads of extensions , for example : dash clock notes which sounds exactly right for what you need ! here 's an example : there are numerous notebook style applications , and i , obviously , cannot provide an exhaustive list . why not shop around ( many are free ) and ensure they have a lock-screen widget option ? !
you phone knows what the closest towers are . there is a provider database for each country which tower id is located where on the map . this database might be small enough to be preinstalled by your provider or supplied over the air . how an android phone gets this data i do not know .
it is really up to the developer as to how to implement the location service . the full description is available here : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html the graph about 1/3rd down the page is pretty useful to see what a typical app might do , but again , it is completely up to the app developer . the location service types are : cached fix cell-id wifi gps mock location if the app requests permission for coarse location only , it will not use the gps to determine location . to answer your questions . . . it is up to the individual app developer , but in most cases the sequence will be cached fix , cell-id , wifi , gps , in that order . yes , after acquiring the tower ids or ssids of the wifi signals , that data is transmitted to google to determine a rough location . no , google has done something really clever here . google has their own database of cell tower locations , and does not require an interaction with the carrier to determine the location of the tower . this article has some of the detail http://franciscokattan.com/2010/02/06/dynamic-cell-id-clever-way-to-block-google-but-will-it-backfire/ the short version is that , when you use an app like google maps , the app will send the current cell-id information back along with your current gps fix . in this way , google gets a very good sampling of the signal strengths in various locations , and is able to build a very rich database .
i have slightly different answers for #3 : the device could be used if you want to use triangulation , but you need to use the carrier if you want to match the cell-id and the localization of the gsm ( or cdma ) tower .
a lot of this is carrier specific and i am not a dev but heres what i could piece together from the interwebs and the trainings i have had in electronic crime investigation : yes but it depends on the specific apps lbs priorities which are set by the dev and can be based on current course accuracy , power levels , predefined priorities . . . yes . the carriers have proprietary wifi base station location dbs . i can not speak to android specifically , but generally this is going to be carrier and network type ( cdma or gsm ) . phones are capable of both but at least a few years ago they did this work on the handset because of the bandwidth constraints of doing it ota .
i finally solved the issue . it was related to my apn . my access point allowed only browsing . i changed it to another access point , and it worked !
so it turns out android as an operating system does not support anything other the basic http authentication ! so there will not be any readers out there that can support this : (
wifi file explorer is perfect for this ! i am using it right now , in fact ! the newest version allows for uploading as well as downloading from pc to device , over wifi . i have been using this app for a while now , and i can honestly say it works perfectly , and there are good devs behind it that are updating with useful functions consistently .
thanks for the answers . but i managed to solve it using some commands i found on the ubuntu forums at canonical . apparently , it is possible to connect the transformer via usb . but since it shows up as an mtp device instead of a normal storage device . . . ubuntu was unable to recognize it . once i installed the necessary drivers , it was possible to mount it like a normal storage device . of course , the only inconvenience is that i would have to type the mount and dismount commands every time i plug and unplug the asus transformer . i chose to do a direct usb transfer instead of wifi , cos i simply found the wifi transfers too unreliable . none the less , thanks to all the other answers as well . if anything i learned something new :- )
the easiest way is probably via a shared folder . see is there a way to mount a windows shared drive so i can access those files on my phone ? for details on that . you could also run an ftp server on your pc and use an ftp client on your tablet .
i share a folder from my desktop and then use andsmb on my xoom to connect and copy files as needed . i have been satisfied with it so far .
thanks alot . cleaning settings data has helped me instantly . since i am using go launcher and other stuff , i coulnd't find a proper to get to app details of settings . if you have clean master , it is easy . open it . go to app-manager - uninstall - pre-installed apps - cannot unistall [ at the bottom ] - click on " settings " - details . there you go .
i had the same problem where settings would keep on crashing . i just got the snapshot today and it did the same thing . after experimenting i fixed it by going in the app drawer and holding on setting , opening its app info , and clearing data . it now opens and works well . i hope this helps .
you could click the overflow button ( menu ) and choose to share the page . then using an app like evernote or catch , sync the data to your desktop pc . alternatively , if you use chrome as your desktop browser - use phone 2 google chrome which uses the above concept . also , take a look at android2cloud which has similar functionality .
i had the same problem . but it disappeared . i am not 100% sure why , but i suspect that either android 4.0 ( cm9 ) fixed it , or the new separately released official calendar app on play store .
did you checked that it is your google profile in the calendar app when you create an event ? i mean , when you create an event , next to the color change you need to checked that it is your mail there , your calendar . i have a bunch of calendar in one account ( personal , work , school , etc ) and i can separately add event to each of them . . here is a pictures from my device to show you what i mean : it is the only thing i can think of , so i hope it is helpful !
most likely because when you are adding to your phone , you are adding to a different account which is synced with your google account . i know my phone has its own " samsung " calendar which syncs with google 's . have a look in your calendar 's settings to see if you can establish this . also check you do not have two linked google accounts .
to convert pcm/wav to mp3 , i know a step by step guide here : http://www.bigasoft.com/articles/how-to-convert-pcm-audio.html this guide helps :
the lame encoder is useful for converting such files . pc applications can be found here : http://lame.sourceforge.net/links.html you can try another recorder , like hi-q mp3 recorder . this will record it immediately in mp3 format . you can use an online converter to do the job . try for example http://www.mediaconverter.org
as far as i know , there are no built-in audio converters in android . your best bet is to use third party library , maybe even a c/c++ one . look at this question for more info : stackexchange-url
i had the same problem . a while ago , i did not have access to my new android phone , so i asked my friend to login with my google credentials in the play store app to buy some apps on sale . so after a while , when i downloaded new apps , the phone of my friend got that apps and the other way around . so , now my question is , did you entered your google credentials into another android phone like i did ? did you install some apps on that phone ? try to remember if you did like i did .
here is a possible solution . my son had recently unwittingly installed appcaster on our home pc , and this was causing the apps to be pushed to my phone . i uninstalled it from the programs and features under control panel , where appcaster goes by the name " mobile app sync " .
i guess you have to insert a sim card and try to call because i have x708 tablet .
go to Settings &gt; Language &amp; keyboard &gt; HTC Sense Input and turn off the option of Vibration feedback . it is present in both htc sense 4 and 5 . it is even described in this youtube video .
switch to custom lockscreens . many provide a way to hide status bar . i use widgetlocker lockscreen which supports this feature .
no , not directly . however , if you use google voice , you can have all your text messages emailed to you , which would allow you to sync them . link to google voice
sms backup + will sync sms messages to your gmail account , you can then sync those to your outlook using google apps sync .
there is a messaging app called touchdown which will sync sms . it is not perfect but i will never go back . you can see more on their website .
download stock rom from google , and flash it . to check correct version for your nexus 7 2012 , see this question . since it would now be stock , you had have to root it again .
there is a fantastic project underway called android-vnc-viewer has several input modes that would capture mouse movements/actions like right click .
you should uninstall microsoft .net4
after months of not being able to debug through adb , i have figured it out . according to this answer on stack overflow , the program EasyTetherUSBEthernet can cause problems with adb . running this in terminal , with a reboot fixed all my problems . sudo kextunload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kextv  if you need to use EasyTetherUSBEthernet you can reload it using : sudo kextload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kext 
i have done this on a cheap tablet before , really all there is to it , is to get clockworkmod installed on the device , then flash cyanogenmod 's gapps onto it . . . . . unfortunately i did a little bit of digging , and was not able to come up with much as far as getting clockworkmod installed onto that particular device . . . . there was one point in time where you could just flash the market/play store apk directly onto the device , however these days it requires the full blown framework to run correctly , so you can not just flash the apk separate , but rather you need to flash the whole zip file in recovery .
open the calendar app then select : menu-> more-> settings-> default reminder time and set to none .
follow this steps , it will bring you phone back to life http://www.hackmyandroid.com/how-unbrick-optimus-android-phone/1980
the command is mount -o remount,rw /system
casting your android device to chromecast is not officially supported . the cast screen tile shows up in certain conditions but at the moment it is not possible to cast your screen . from the original article : the cast screen tile seems to pop up for users of nexus and newer motorola devices when certain chromecast apps have been used , for example allcast . it is triggering something in android related to an incomplete casting feature – that is all we can say for sure . no one has , to our knowledge , gotten this native screen casting feature to work on a stock device – it just crashes when trying to connect to a chromecast . ( . . . ) presumably google will fix this and expose it to users eventually , but right now all you are seeing is a stub of a future feature . update - at google i/o 2014 they announced that screen mirroring is coming in a future update of google play services . it is expected that this will roll out in the next few weeks .
i would suggest installing : smart app lock https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sp.protector.free you can password protect apps from being uninstalled using the app .
root that device and move that app to /system/app
this is not a direct solution , but a workaround . you could forward the message ( but not send it ) ; this is a feature the stock messaging app supports . when you forward a message , it puts that message into edit mode , as if you were sending a new message . from here , you can select the text that you want to copy .
the progress bar being stuck for a while is not unusual as progress bars are fairly difficult to get right . an update taking more than half an hour , on the other hand , does not sound right to me . of course your phone could simply be slower at this task than mine .
use alarm clock xtreme . its reliable and it has everything you want .
converting my comment into an answer , as it proofed according to its follow-ups : in a thread at xda , a user states : i had the same problem when i tried to setup an exchange email account and installed a certificate . fixed it by deleting all certificates . settings> security> clear credintials so i would suggest you just do that . for additional information , also take a look at this thread at android-forums , which deals with the same problem you mention as example in your question ( "screen pattern lock " -- here : disable lock screen ) .
please erase the camera data : Settings -&gt; Application -&gt; Camera -&gt; Clear Data 
there is no way i know of to pass on settings to one device or another unless 1 ) they are the same model of phone and 2 ) both phones are rooted . you can back up your current system settings using clockworkmod backup if rooted , then flash that onto the other phone through clockworkmod as well . this will share all your apps you had at the time of the backup . as far as sharing apps , your google account will transfer your apps from phone to phone . just sign in with your google account and re-install from the app store . you do not need root access to do this . for either option , to use most paid apps you need to be signed in to your google account when you use them , otherwise they will not work .
most likely , your x8 is broadcasting the wireless network in ad-hoc mode rather than infrastructure ( ap ) mode . android does not natively support ad-hoc wireless connections , which is why your tablet cannot see or connect to the hotspot . your options depend largely on the state of your devices . if your phone is rooted then you can try a custom rom or kernel that is built with support for infrastructure mode . xda 's x8 sub-forum would be a good place to start looking for a rom/kernel that suits your needs . custom roms may list infrastructure or wifi tethering support in their features , though you may have to skim the rom 's thread as a whole to find out . if your tablet is rooted then you could try to find a wireless module that has been built to support ad-hoc mode . there are modifications for many mainstream tablets that will enable this functionality , usually consisting of a patched version of the wpa_supplicant binary that would need to be installed on your device . if neither device is rooted then there is probably not much you can do . you may want to look into other alternatives , such as perhaps bluetooth tethering .
the wifi-tether app supports running in infrastructure mode . make sure you have the app called wifi-tether ( not wireless-tether or anything ) use of this app requires a rooted phone and netfilter compiled into your kernel ( which may or may not come stock )
as pendant to the udev setup you describe in your question , windows needs a special driver . until recently that meant the manufacturer had to provide one matching to the device ; but luckily we now have the universal android usb driver , which should work for most devices . if that does not work for yours , you need to check with huawei for a specific driver .
could be a bug in the app , but i rarely use the calendar widget . it is also possible that this has been casued by the time change , or that you are in the afternoon . however , you could try erasing all data on the app , and clearing it is cache , then trying again .
apparently the catalog has to support it . i never realized that the default catalogs with aldiko did not have a sorting by title as i always use the custom catalog drinkmalk and it does have a " by title/series " alphabetical ordering of books .
is your widget application installed to the sd card ? if yes , then that is the problem . when the phone reboots , it takes a few minutes for the sd card to get loaded . this causes an issue for any widgets that are not installed to the internal memory as they are not available when the phone first boots up , causing them to not load . so , please verify the widget app is installed to internal memory instead of the sd card . this is what you are looking for :
since android kitkat , apps cannot access sdcard without special permissions . most custom roms however bypass this requirement
to use those new feature when informations are being pulled from gmail you are going to need the new gmail app there is a flashable zip on xda-developers but its reporting to break some stuff so your best bet is to wait a week or so to get the jellybean update from google .
in the current firefox 28 the issue is solved by setting browser.search.loadFromJars to false in about:config . then only the search engines i added myself are shown .
i have obtained an answer from mozilla support , so i post it here for the community . the feature seems to have been removed . however , any hack is welcome :- ) support said : using nightly you can find pre-installed search engines in ' settings ' → ' customize ' → ' search settings ' . i do not think there are plans to re-introduce disabling default search engines anymore . there are no plans to introduce removing pre-bundled search engines .
you can still disable the search engines if you have root access to your device . specifically , you need to pull and modify the file search . json . on my device , i have : adb pull /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox/files/mozilla/rbn69ru0.default/search.json  now , by default , this file does not format everything nicely , so you can use something like http://jsonformat.com  in order to clean things up . in any case , you will see bits such as  "_id": "[app]/bing.xml", "_name": "Bing", "_hidden": false, "description": "", "__searchForm": "http://www.bing.com",  you need to take the "_hidden " flag and change it to true . do this for all of the search engines to hide all of them . or , frankly , just delete everything under engines . then , upload the file back and restart firefox with a command like : adb push search.json /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox/files/mozilla/rbn69ru0.default/  until an application restart , the changes will not be seen . as a slight editorial note , it is dumb that we have to do this by hand . either we should be able to disable things under settings-> customize-> search settings or we should have some way of turning things off in about:config . while i understand that removing menu items that cause too many support issues , completely removing the option even from about:config is counterproductive .
although you can not remove search engines from firefox for android any more ( which i think is the wrong decision for them to have made , personally ) , you can at least reorder the list , which almost makes up for not being able to remove search engines ( i really do not want to ever use bing , thanks firefox ) . to reorder the list , go into settings > customise > search settings and set one of the search engines as default by long-clicking and clicking " set as default " . it will then move to the top of the list . if you then change the default to something else , the previous default is moved down one place ( rather than going back to a predefined position ) . so you can reorder the list however you like by setting each of your favorite engines as default in turn , in reverse order of preference . say you wanted your list to start with google , wikipedia and amazon in that order , you would first set amazon as the default , then wikipedia , then google , and your list will end up with google , wikipedia and amazon as the top three , in that order .
logcat displays android 's logs . this is by definition information about things that happened in the past . android 's logs are stored in a ring buffer and if full , the then oldest entries are overwritten . it depends on how much is being logged , when that happens . besides this , the buffer is reset when you restart the phone , so logs cannot be older than the current uptime .
in the syncronisation screen you have to turn synchronisation on global . only if that is on you have checkboxes next to each category inside the google account . you can uncheck the box at contacts then . if the global sync is off you do not have this option . i think it is a bit dangerous the first time you enter that menu , because you have to be sure your internet connection is disconnected . otherwise the first time , when all sync boxes are still on it will start right away to sync everything before you have the chance to disable the sync-box for contacts . if you are offline you can setup everything like you wish and then it is fine .
to make sure that none of my contacts get synychronized to google ( setup : cyanogenmod 10 with android 4.1 ) i deleted the googlecontactssyncadapter . apk in folder /system/app/ . after restarting no contacts got synchronized , if i add a new contact i also get the information , that the contact will only be stored locally . google calendar synchronization works normally . see also this thread .
plug in launcher is a free app that lets you launch any app once you plug-in your headset .
as i have already pointed out in a comment on the question , there are plenty of headset control answers ( see e.g. this one ) . those app give you some added control using your headset , so they allow to define what app shall be started when the headset is plugged in , and using the single headset button they let you perform a multitude of actions like volume control , start/stop , skip , pick up/reject call , and more . a different approach could make use of our " ultimate automation tool " tasker , which also can supervise the headset plug . this would give you even greater control over the conditions . so you could e.g. have a different app started at home than at work . here you could use state → headset plugged as condition ( and optionally , ad described , location , time , whether power is connected , the device docked . . . ) , and then load app as action . you could even have set the volumes to your likeness before , and let tasker send an sms to everybody to not to disturb you while enjoying your music ; ) available tasker actions and example profiles ( source : google play ; click for larger images ) funny thing is : as the second picture shows , your case is even used for the example pictures on google play ( headset plugged → start music ) . . .
in the phone 's settings : communication -> cellular network -> access points ( the actual names/path may vary by language/type , but that should give you an idea ) i switched from wap to internet . the operator was providing it all along , just the phone was defaulting to wap .
besides being an apn issue , as pointed out by aadi , it could also be that your current mobile contract does not allow some type of mobile communication ( like gtalk ) . you should contact your mobile carrier and ask him .
it is an ap issue , call your operator and ask him to send the gprs settings again . once done , choose it and if it does not work , restart phone , it should work .
from what i can tell from research you should be able to download the ruu from here and run it . this requires a windows computer as it is a . exe file . download the file to your computer , plug your phone in to your computer and run the file . it should return your phone to the latest factory shipped os and remove root .
that is one of the most easy tasks , and is called factory reset . depending on your android version , you find the suitable item at different places in the device 's settings menu : android 4.0 has it in backup and reset ( at the end of that screen , watch out for " personal data" ) android 2.3 placed it in privacy ( with a fence-symbol ; again at the end of that page ) there are also ways to achieve this without going via the settings menu , booting into recovery mode . hard-reset . com mentions the appropriate procedures for most devices .
i have an lg optimus 2x . same , 512 mb of ram . i have used ics . now i am on jellybean ( 4.1- cm10 ) . i have never had a problem using the phone . ( heck it because so much smoother in jb ) . the only problem is that certain memory hungry apps like chrome are a tad bit laggy .
i think smoothness depends more on the processor/gpu/chipset than ram . ram is of course still important but 512mb should be enough . more ram is only needed for multitasking , so android does not immediately kill background apps when memory is low .
if you are using the terminal app on your device then you do not need to use " adb shell " . you just need to run the " am broadcast -a android . intent . action . screen_on " . i do not know why you would want to run that from your terminal app since the screen would already be on . you need to have usb debugging on if you are trying to connect via the console on your pc to your device . you also need to have the drivers installed if you are using a windows machine .
have had a look at the kmsg , and logcat , the logcat was showing this : am wondering is there an issue with the camera , as matter of interest , when taking a snapshot with the camera , it usually plays back an audio clip of sound of " snapshot " when the button is pressed ? this is coinciding with the oops : so my guess is that the media player , somewhere , between qualcomm hardware that controls the camera , and the playback crashed . am hedging bets on the kernel 's camera itself . . . best to post this on cm 's forum to see if this is known issue .
i had a look at the klog , all you can do is : search for a different kernel ( is your firmware up to date ? ) ask the ( correct ! ) maintainer/developer to fix it especially if it is an inofficial cyanogenmod build , you cannot ask the cm team , but have to ask in the forum where you got the firmware image from . track it down and fix the kernel yourself ( unlikely , that you have asked this here ) some background : that is definitely a kernel problem , have a look at the line [ 4264.601013 ] unable to handle kernel null pointer dereference at virtual address 00000000 . . . [ 4264.603424 ] pc is at audmgr_enable+0x168/0x1c8 if you want to know more you can read up on stackoverflow on how to diagnose a kernel oops and what is a linux kernel null pointer dereference . there is also a howto available here .
i guess you could try running windows 95 or older versions inside dosbox . of course this would require some knowledge on ms-dos stuff and some patience and skill . . here 's a good tutorial on how to boot win95 on dosbox . http://vogons.zetafleet.com/viewtopic.php?t=24936 i would suggest you try this first on a desktop machine with dosbox . another way would be to run it using qemu for android http://www.mobilephonetalk.com/showthread.php?63990-qemu-for-android-runs-any-os
you could use e.g. calendar event reminder , and disable notifications in the default/stock calendar . with cer , you can setup reminders for each calendar separately , and even deactivate alerts for calendars you do not want to be alerted for ( in your case , the " work " calendar ) . the added plus is you will never miss an alert anymore , as you can configure cer to annoy you until you shut the alert of manually . i have bought the app when it was still payed , and it never let me down . unfortunately , i do not know of any way to do that with the native calendar -- but at least this is a free solution , though it takes an extra app : )
this has been reported as a bug in the android source but no particular action seems to have been taken . you can follow and star the issue on the android bug tracker . alternatively , one comment on the bug tracker notes some potential workarounds you an take a look at : just an additional comment for all those still waiting for this bug to be fixed : current version of handcent saves the " sent time " of the messages . it can be seen on " message details " . it is not the perfect solution but it is the best solution that we have right now . " sms timestamper fix " from andrperk worked for me most of the times but not always . additionally , some commenters have reported that certain handsets do not suffer from this bug , presumably because the manufacturer patched it themselves in their messaging application or sms framework .
seems like what you need is to set the " wifi sleep policy " to never . . . you can find that in the advanced wi-fi menu . then you could let your screen shut down and still be able to talk with no interference with skype .
you can simply use an app like earpiece . it does what you want to do . you can pop earpiece up on top of another application simply by holding down the search key . then check Audio through earpiece on a side note , use at your own risk . playing audio at high volumes , especially for a prolonged amount of time , can damage speakers and/or hearing .
what i did -- and my problem is an ear that does not work properly rather than an earbud that is been washed too often -- was to shell out for poweramp which has built in balance controls along with its rather elaborate tone controls and equaliser . well worth the money for solving this problem .
battery indicator pro or a similar alternative might help . in addition to showing the remaining battery in numbers , it also tries to " guesstimate " the remaining minutes , depending on light/medium/heavy usage .
for random shut downs , that is most probably a loose battery problem . stick some dental floss ( i used oral-b glide floss ) in the side opposite the battery connectors . i used that floss because it is a bit spongy when you bunch it up but at the same time hard . used about 1.5 feet of it bundled up in my nexus s phone . when you push the battery in , make sure it is tight , but not too tight . this will force the battery to remain contacted at the pins . when the battery is loose and can disconnect from the pins ( for even a fraction of a second ) , you get an open circuit and the phone shuts off completely ( no power ) .
see the edits for recent updates to this although the answer is still a general ' no ' in short , no , not easily anyway . you can get all of the information off it by using an app such as nfc taginfo however currently stock android phones do not support emulating nfc cards even though their hardware allows for it . if you were willing to install a custom rom on the device then there may be a working rom that allows for the functionality on those devices , there is one for the nexus s , however these roms usually only let the phone act as a tag so you can not put data on it directly from the phone , you had have to write the data onto it from another source . i also have not seen one that allows for the setting of the uid ( unique identifier ) which is what most door readers and access control systems will work with so even if you could emulate the information on a tag you still could not open the door as the uid would be wrong . edit : it is now possible to load applications onto your device and have them communicate with a reader via nfc however for this to work you must be running cyanogenmod and this still does not solve your problem , the app still can not change the uid that the phone shows . edit edit : with android kitkat 4.4 the ability to have the phone act as an nfc card is built into the operating system so you no longer have to rely on cyanogenmod . however it can not actually emulate a tag ( such as a mifare tag ) which is what most access cards are and it can not set its own uid . n.b. i have not had a chance to play with this much so i am just going on what i have read .
i use photowonder for this .
no option to do this exists . you will need to select each song individually . to make it easier you could arrange by album instead of song , because you likely have fewer albums than individual songs .
you can unlock your htc hero using unlock code from simpleunlocking . com and get free instructions from mobileunlockguide . com to unlock from the network . you can get your mobile unlocked in a quicker way through this method and it is reliable .
try one of the online unlocking websites . if you are paranoid , see if your bank still offers limited-use credit cards with a very small limit for online purchases , or use a pre-paid card .
check under settings > sound , there will be an option of vibrate on notification turn that off may be this is the possible solution .
the issue is that there is only wpa_supplicant version 1.0 available in debian wheezy . for support of wifi direct you need wpa_supplicant version 1.1 or higher . you can download and compile the latest wpa_supplicant on your own . this way you make sure wpa_cli is available and wifi direct is supported .
i would be extremely worried there ! the masterkey vulnerability exploit works in the handling of zipentry ( see below - bug 8219321 ) , which is buried deep in the rom itself , its used in the packagemanager layer as well . for such an application claiming " to patch " it , is misleading and false , because it is a user application and not at system level . the real cure to get around the vulnerability is to modify the source code in android in itself and rebuild the rom . the vulnerability exploits roms from donut ( 1.6 ) right up to jellybean ( 4.2 ) . in the faq of the app 's website - this made my hairs stand up : can i trust rekey with root access on my device ? did you see those seals up above ? they look pretty darn official and trustworthy . they have latin phrases and everything . i really do not know whether to laugh or cry ! dynamically patching the bytecode in the android 's java dalvikvm ( runtime engine to the uninitiated ) is unheard of . verdict : i would take those so-called " claims of a user-level app " patching in masterkey exploit , with a pinch of salt and not get fooled by it . source : masterkey exploit ( i ) - bug 8219321 masterkey exploit ( ii ) - bug 9695860 patches : bug : 8219321 - remove duplicate entries in zip . bug : 9695860 - unsigned zip entries .
i got a nexus s a couple of months ago . first thing i did was to root it an switch to cyanogenmod . since then , it is all been a nightmare , but i can not really tell if it would have been better if i sticked to the stock rom . thing it the phone will not make it till 9pm . the battery use shows " android os " generally taking over 50% of my battery , way more than what the display uses ( which in most phones is reasonably the main source of battery drainage ) . my veredict is negative . a nexus should be part of the most slick android saga out there . it get 's the cutting edge updates right from google and the community care about it as well . users should not be having to worry about battery issues and which are the workarounds for this . sadly , i have decided to sell this phone and go back to my beloved nexus one , which from my point of view , does deserve its place in the nexus breed .
i do not think it is unreasonable to charge a smartphone every night if you are actively using it throughout the day . some games/apps can be quite taxing on the cpu and actually generate some heat . that 3g radio you have probably has a long journey to the signal tower too . i find that if i use my phone just a as phone - with the odd text message /phone call i could probably last over 2 days , but that is no fun : ) if you are having issues be sure to check the battery usage in settings > about phone . if for some reason you are unable to charge it is possible to stretch out the battery life loads by turning off background data/brightness/switching to 2g etc .
20 hours is not at all shabby for an advanced smartphone . charging over night us just the habit you must get into . before coming to android i had a nokia n95 and i was lucky if that made it through the day !
applications purchased are tied to your amazon account . you can also tie multiple devices to your amazon account . however , every device must have the amazon appstore app installed on it and must be logged in to access the apps installed via the amazon appstore , which would give anyone with any of these devices the ability to purchase additional apps using your amazon account and it is payment information . so , as the amazon help describes it , it does look like it is possible . however , it also looks like a really bad idea unless you absolutely trust everyone who has each of these 10 devices .
yes , you can install all the apps you buy from the amazon appstore on any device which is linked to that amazon account . it operates just like paid apps in the android market which are available to all the devices associated with that particular google account . i have 3 android devices and all they are all linked to the same amazon account and the same google account and when i purchase an app through the market or the appstore i have it on all three devices .
the max is 25 . it'll tell you that your username or password is wrong if you try to auth any more . though it is pretty easy de-authing them from the amazon website found a source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-1315474.html
while i am not nearly as well up as you , i have not seen any replies and this might be of interest - if not to you then to others looking for info on prestigios . i have a prestigio pap 4500 duo which bricked itself spontaneously on new year 's eve , sleeping the sleep of death . it is under guarantee so all i was looking for was a possible reboot mechanism . i happened upon this menu which seems to offer lots more than you described . now i could not navigate the menu , but that may be because of a fault , but the menu is there to be accessed . thanks for your info and hope this adds a little , mjf ( click in the image for larger picture )
neither of the vendor ids you have added to the udev rules file correspond to a device listed by lsusb . other sources on the net suggest that the correct device id is SYSFS{idVendor}=="1d6b", SYSFS{idProduct}="0104" , but this device does not appear in your lsusb output either . run lsusb with the device unplugged and plugged in to find which device is the right one , and edit your udev rules appropriately . to confirm : you do not want to connect to the serial debugging port to get adb to work .
i finally was able to get adb enabled on the beagleboneblack . below is my solution with some debugging pointers . i downloaded and created ad ti-android jb image from scratch . when i booted the beagleboneblack with this image adb worked as expected . below are some of the outputs . lsusb output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : 18d1:d002 google inc . dmesg output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : idvendor= 18d1 idproduct= d002 following is the lsusb output for bbb-angstrom note : 1d6b:0104 linux foundation multifunction composite gadget dmesg output for beagleboneblack ( bbb ) -angstrom note : idvendor= 1d6b , idproduct= 0104 ( as suggested by dan hulme ) edit Command: Sudo ./adb devices Response: List of devices attached ????????? no permission Solution: sudo ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb start-server  from eclipse reference : android error : failed to install * . apk on device *: timeout
based on my experience , gps always loses its accuracy after a few days . its data becomes stale . what i would normally do is : use fasterfix to make sure i am connecting to the ntp servers nearest me . refer to this xda list for suggested ntp servers . you can also use fastergps if you like ; i have no issues with either apps . use wireless networks ( wi-fi or mobile network ) to help fix my location . in my samsung galaxy s4 , this is in : System settings &gt; More &gt; Location services &gt; Use wireless networks . reset gps data with gps test plus ( or its free version ) . when you do this , make sure you are outside the building , where are are no obstructions ( trees , etc ) . after some time , i check google maps and see if my position has updated . more often than not , this will improve the accuracy of my gps location . when i notice that my position is off , i check those items i listed above . also , when you are inside buildings , do not expect to get an accurate reading , unless your phone has a really awesome ( i.e. . powerful ) gps .
nomoarpowah ! can boot the phone up based on your scheduled alarms , in time for them to ring . it only works on certain samsung devices .
never tried it myself , but maybe it helps : funambol wirelessly syncs contacts , calendars , email and pictures between mobile phones , pcs , tablets and connected devices via the cloud . they offer a ( free ) cloud service , or you can install the os-version yourself .
davical is a great calendar server , so if your phone supports ical , you might look at either hosting a local instance on the pc you want to sync with , or hosting it on a server or nas server you may/may not have ( i use my nas for this . ) . yahoo ! calendar is also great for syncing . i use it to sync with my fiance for our wedding planning : )
if you use a caldav server such as sogo or davical with lightning , you can then use caldav-sync on your android device to sync your calendars there as well . sogo also has carddav support , and carddav-sync will keep your contacts in sync as well .
so i was trying to do this with my outlook calendar ( at work ) . export a ics file to a dropbox folder use dropsync on android to keep the file in sync on the local sdcard use icssync to parse the ics file and add it to the native calendar app the above approach works for me , ofcourse you had have to find a way to schedule/automate the export of your calendar from your calendering app on ubuntu . for outlook , i am using outlook2ical .
it does not . if you do not change any settings , android will always do power management the same way . installing and removing apps can affect battery life since running processes may eat battery while your acreen is locked , and the like .
actually battery life can change and according to this post from htc it can even be improved by the steps outlined in the post .
i will agree with al everett and say that the amount of playing with the new toy is certainly a factor early on . i also did not notice any intrinsic changes in the systems battery management over time . i did however notice a massive increase in battery life by turning off auto-sync , and even mobile on occasion . with those two on , i would see a significant drop in battery when i slept overnight , but it does not budge with those two off . i use two power control widgets , the htc data dashboard and the android power control widget . between the two , it is a piece of cake to tweak power settings to make sure i get the most out of the battery .
you can try setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 in a terminal . this works on the htc dream ; can not say i have needed to do it on other phones , and i can not say if it needs root or not ( the exploit on the dream runs that command as root , so it is completely possible you need root first . ) see this question here for other ideas : broken screen , can&#39 ; t adb
recovery mode is not available on the stock lg gt540 . in order to flash a different rom , you will need to first flash a rom that has " fastboot " enabled via software updater utility kdz , as described in this guide : download and install lg 's windows drivers for your phone , and make sure your computer recognizes the phone when you connect it via usb . download the kdz updater and fastboot binary from here and extract them . latest msxml package is required for kdz to work , so download it directly from microsoft and install it on your pc . download the rom with fastboot enabled from here . save the " . kdz " files somewhere on your pc ( e . g . on the C:\ drive . ) on your phone enable usb debugging by going to menu -> settings -> applications -> development and make sure the USB Debugging option is checked . connect the phone to pc via usb cable . when prompted , do not activate the mass storage . launch the kdz updater , change “type” a “3gqct” and “phonemode” “diag” . click the " browse icon next to " kdz file " option , browse to wherever you saved the v20a_00 . kdz , and click open . click the Launch software update button and ( patiently ) wait for the process to complete . this can take up to 15 minutes . the phone will reboot when the update is completed . repeat steps 5 through 8 , but this time around select the romfastboot.kdz file . turn off your phone , press and hold the camera and power buttons together , and release when the screen 's backlight turns on . connect the phone to your pc . you can now use the fastboot module to install a different recovery image ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) and a different rom ( e . g . cyanogenmod 7 . )
you can register for the upcoming android release at http://whoshere.net/android
sayhi seems to replicate whoshere . the plus side of it is that it has a map function so you are able to see how many users are currently online . the downside of the app is that it uses your exact gps location which might not go down with some users ( ie . using the app at home/office ) . also , there are point rewards that you get for completing your profile and using the app frequently . you can use these points to contacting users that have a hot status or use to send gifts - you have the option to buy points but if you use it enough then put that credit card away : )
here 's what i could find so far : match2blue for android enables you to meet new friends and find old ones anywhere , anytime . it takes location- and interest-based mobile social networking to the next level . search with match2blue for users who have identical or similar interests to yours singlesaroundme works to plot singles on a geographical map around you , where you can control the distance from 100 yards to 100 miles /km . you can define your search to display only the type of singles who interest you . you can view a user 's profile , photos and send various flirtatious winks and text messages , add them to your hot list and /or block list . it also features a uniquely fun “destination search” tool , which allows you to look for singles at specific locations of your choice – in bars , restaurants , resorts , distant cities , wherever , before leaving home . flirtmaps , the first geo-aware mobile dating apps to find dates ! you are either very smart or very lucky ! you’ve just found flirtmaps , the first geo-aware mobile dating app that lets you find your next date right in the neighborhood . . . or around the world ! skout for flirting , dating , friendship and love ! chat and browse photos for free ! use skout to flirt , play , party , find a date or new friends . at skout we take your safety and privacy very seriously . no one can figure out your exact whereabouts . i am here plus allows you to use sms text messaging to check the status and gps location of any person on your contact list , as long as they have " im here plus " installed as well . you may also choose to send others your current location via sms , whether with just your gps address or with an edited personalized location . nearley is popular facebook location application to list all facebook users located within your distance . if you root your android phone and enable wifi tethering , you could use your ipod touch tethered through the droid and still use whoshere i have not tested any of these out . if you can comment with which of these you prefer , that would be great ! thanks !
sounds like you are looking for an app which allows you to password-protect other apps . there are many on the market , but i have not used them so cannot comment on their reliability .
of course you can do ota updates manually , without rom manager premium . on the handset open up a browser of your choice and navigate to http://download.cyanogenmod.com/ on the left column , under the " by device " section tap on the codename for your device ( e . g . " passion " for nexus one ) optionally , you can filter the download list by type ( stable vs . nightly ) by tapping on the type right above the list of downloads . tap on the filename to begin download . obviously a wifi connection is recommended because the roms are fairly large , at around 100 mb . once the download completes , reboot into recovery ( clockworkmod , amon-ra , etc . ) perform a nandroid backup , so that you can do a restore in case something goes wrong in subsequent steps . wipe cache and dalvik-cache partitions ( you will need to find the relevant menu entries in whatever recovery image you are using . ) this step is not mandatory , but can help resolve stability issues , so always i perform it . [ edit ] 7 . a . note that if you are upgrading to the same rom ( i.e. . flashing a newer nightly of cyanogenmod ) you do not have to wipe data . this way all of your current apps and settings are retained . only if you change to a different rom altogether ( i.e. . going from cm to a sense port ) would you need to start over by wiping the /data partition . select to flash a zip from sd card from the " download " folder ( could be a different directory , depending on the browser you are using . ) this can take a while , and the progress bar might appear to be stuck , but do not cut power to the phone or you will risk corruption . once the " success " message appears you can move forward . optionally flash an alternate kernel image ( for overclocks , etc . ) reboot your phone . this step will take longer than usual , since the caches are being rebuilt . rom manager premium automates most of these steps so that you do not have to muck around the recovery too much , but you can always to this yourself . it is still over-the-air , since you are not hooking your phone up to a pc to transfer the files . [ edit ] furthermore , you can even automate the notifications of new builds being posted for cyanogenmod via rss feeds . the trick is that the cm download page does not provide its own rss feed , so you have to create your own via one of the free services : get your device 's link ( e . g . http://download.cyanogenmod.com/?type=nightly&amp;device=passion for nexus one nightly builds . ) go to one of the free rss-from-website creation services and create an rss feed for the link above . you might need to tinker with advanced settings to get the listing . for example , i created this rss feed for nexus one nightly builds . subscribe to the newly generated feed in your favorite rss reader ( e . g . google reader use an android rss reader app that has notifications feature ( e . g . newsrob ) and set up a notification for this feed .
if you want to update cyanogenmod nightly builds over the air you will need the premium version of rom manager , this is the way to obtain donations to the project . an ota update is basically a download of a full rom or a patch of some files that is saved to the storage of your phone and once it’s downloaded it installs automatically the full rom or the patch to the phone . this system is used in many android phones to deliver updates without the need to connect the phone to a computer to update the system .
please , give more details . have you saw twitter and facebook messages in the friendstream before ? i have the same phone . did you try to take a look at the " menu-> settings-> show updates " in the friendstream application ? there are checkmarks for every stream-source .
i can give you one suggestion . based on the what you have posted and based on what i understand do the following thing . * . backup all your data through bluetooth and do a settings reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Settings reset) . and try to connect to computer using your usb setup . if still no help do the next step * . do a factory reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Factory data reset). if still no help then that might be hardware issue . go to any samsung customer service center . they might replace only the pins section .
sms messages are stored in data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db . if you can not see it in your root explorer ( or it is to small ) , try rebooting your device or simply - connect your phone to the computer and copy that file ( using e.g. adb ) on it and i am sure you will be able to read it properly .
you can not upgrade form 10.1.3 to 10.2 directly . you must flash it manually from recovery and you also have to wipe data .
several sources state that no wipe is needed while updating cm 10.1 to 10.2: you can also do this manually ( which is required if you flash additional things like kernels ) , by downloading the update to your sdcard ( from http://get.cm ) and rebooting into recovery to flash the update ( and any additional zips - although , if you have the gapps installed from http://goo.im/gapps , there is no need to reflash those ) . contrary to popular belief , there is no need to wipe anything when you update cm . this includes your cache partition , your dalvik cache , and your battery stats . while wiping these won’t hurt anything , you can increase the time it takes to boot up cm after you install the update . android is smart enough to manage both your cache and dalvik cache without you intervening . i faced no issues after following this advice .
you should follow these steps : download the relevant zip file from get . cm copy the downloaded zip file to your devices storage card using an app such as titanium backup , do a complete backup of all your installed applications . boot into recovery , and follow these steps : wipe data ( all data ) install the zip file as usual once done , reboot device . using the backup app , restore your apps . reboot device . you will now be running the latest version . the data wipe is highly recommended , but your device should still work without it - you must wipe the dalvik cache at the very least however , or you will get a boot loop . important note if you use google apps ( gapps ) then you must make sure you download the version for cm 10.2 . if you do not , you may experience compatibility errors .
this was solved by going into /data/data/ and finding the appropriate folder belonging to the failing app . i found one with " swiftkey " in the name , deleted it , and following that the update worked just fine . most likely , the app installation was failing in the background with INSTALL_FAILED_UID_CHANGED due to the app being restored with titaniumbackup , as detailed in this answer . so , in short , this seems to be an error caused by the uid changing between installs and google play throwing a fit , and it is solved by making sure app data is removed .
delete the application from your device you are installed the same application in your device , after that you are trying to install the same application from android market please delete the pre-installed application from your device , then try to download from playstore , it will work 100% alternate scenario is : please change the package name of the application , your application will work fine .
most applications should not disable itself , but that depends on the individual applications .
this might work since i have had success in installing play services in one of my devices . go to the google play link of the play services app and install the app to your device of choice .
just open up your play store and search for the play services i know reviews are bad , but if you need it you have to download that thing .
clicking on the notification that says that you need to install or update google play services opens up the play store with google play services as selected app . from here , you can install/update google play services .
i do not know which device you are using ? but normally every android phones people app should support the functionality of at least the basic information ( meaning the emails , because it is android ~ google ~ gmail ) . so are you really sure you can not add at least the email address to your contacts ? as mentioned already by eldarerathis , you should normally even see your contacts online status . maybe you can test it by logging in on your gmail account on a pc . add some email addresses to your contacts via the pc . make your android device synchronize the information you just entered ( settings > accounts and sync > sync all ; or something like that ) . then have a look back at your people app and check if the email addresses are entered . if they are visible on your phone , that probably means that your phone supports this , but you have not found the good way to add this information via your people app . maybe you can search the site of the manufacturer for more information ( or maybe have a look at something like a help or get started app on your phone ) .
the clue lies with the comment above but i just tried ' adb reboot bootloader ' , and it worked . which shows that adb is indeed recognizing the usb connection , but not in fast-boot mode which is where this answer comes in . . . sounds like the udev rule for the fast-boot is absent ! do this : lsusb with the cable plugged in while the handset is in fast-boot mode . typical output should be one similar to this : bus 001 device 012: id 18d1:d00d google inc .  ^^^^ ^^^^  the numbers identifier 18d1:d00d corresponds to idvendor : idproduct respectively . make note of it , and check your udev rules found in /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android-rules . ( mileage will vary slightly with differing linux distributions ! ) if you do not have this file , then its recommended to create one using root , there may be a few rules that need to be added depending on the mode of the handset , i.e. normal , recovery and boot-loader modes . here 's an example of mine , that has differing values respectively when handset is in one of these modes . take this as a template and change the numbers as shown that matches up with idvendor and idproduct respectively to suit your make/model of handset . the user id is added to the androiddev group , which was created on previous occasion , in that way i do not have to sudo at all ! to create a group , using root groupadd androiddev , this creates a group , then to add your linux 's user id to that group . . . usermod -a -G androiddev your_user_id ; replace your_user_id with your own user id used for logging in ) . then when in fast-boot mode , the fastboot binary should work ( bonus ! without the necessitating for sudo either ! )
i would use the app titanium backup . 1 . install titanium backup on the first user profile 2 . make a backup of the app or apps from the first user . 3 . install titanium backup on the second user profile 4 . restore data only to the second user profile that should do the trick . for instructions on how to use titanium backup look here : http://www.titaniumtrack.com/kb/titanium-backup-kb/titanium-backup-user-guide.html#backup
homepipe is one such service . subsonic is an open source server / web based solution . a free alternative solution is ampcache / amdroid
there is a flag that people can set on their youtube videos to allow or disallow those videos to be played on a mobile device . what you are seeing when you try to access those videos is that the person has set the flag to ' disallow ' .
use emulator . test on hardware , because if in market you see , what application not compartible with you device - it is not 100% guarantee , it is just mean , what in application info it written . most application works on tablet correctly , but some is stretched , else if tablet have needed hardware ( eg gsm/3g/lte ? etc ) .
most video recording apps are imho limited to 1h non-stop recording , as you can find with a simple google search , which is probably a safety measure to not let you run out of battery -- as video recording is the biggest consumer ( see what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? ) . however , a developer can have his app overriding this limit ( see max duration for capture video on android on stack overflow ) -- so you might just have to find a video recording app which has this setting increased ( as e.g. one eye browser in this linked pro-version ) .
update : it was indeed rom toolbox , but the free version did not have those options . the pro version was the version that displayed and unlocked these features .
the adb backup command will not work fully on an unrooted device as it will attempt to backup things like the /system partition , and without root access the phone will deny you this for safety reasons . i am glad to hear running it with the -nosystem flag worked out for you : ) if you want to do a complete backup you need to be rooted . the /system partition , according to this page : contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . this means that your backup does not include anything related to your operating system , only your apps and their settings . if you decide to root your device , you can create a very solid backup from cwm recovery where all partitions are backed up to the sdcard on the device , including the system and boot partitions .
if you are running the htc sense ui , then it should already be disabled . otherwise check this blog post for a . zip you can flash to disable it .
you could try removing the permission to change the wi-fi state with something like lbe privacy guard . there is also the possibility of using the method described in a similar question on here , this involves changing the . apk file and no root is needed . there is a few caveats though : biggest one is that when foursquare tries to use the removed the permission it may well break depending on how the developers coded it . lbe guard needs root , so you will need to have a rooted phone . there have been suggestions here and here lbe guard is not all it is cracked up to be ( buggy , hard to uninstall , might mine your data ? ) despite the high ratings in the marketplace .
here in india , we have philips branded wired handsfree kits which are designed to be used with all modern phones . certain phones require the jack to be plugged into a supplied female/male adapter which is then plugged into the 3.5mm jack of your phone . this is the one i am using with my spica ( the adapter also needs to be used ) after the samsung supplied ones conked out after a year of heavy duty use . ; - ) perhaps you could find something similar . . .
any 4-pin 3.5 mm stereo jack should work fine for straight sound but headsets with controls are a little more difficult . many are proprietary . if it claims to be universal it may work but if it is designed for apple or nokia it probably wont . basically , on a 4-pin jack it all depends on which ring the headset maps to which control . i could not find a droid x pinout diagram but i believe motorola uses the standard layout . this site has a pretty comprehensive list of the different pinout mappings and a lot of them are the same but a lot are proprietary . if in doubt , i would look for a set advertised to work with the droid x .
unfortunately , yes . for now , that is how google has created the maps application ; you cannot use maps ( or navigation ) without internet access . there are other apps that exist , though , that allow you to download maps for use offline . sygic and navfree , for example , both allow you to store maps on your device and then only require a gps fix to give you turn-by-turn directions . note you still need internet ( wifi or data network ) to download the maps the first time , but after that , you are free to shut data off .
internet access is needed for the routing calculation at the beginning . navigation using a precached area will work offline .
since the op 's question was dated back in mid-summer of 2012 , things have changed a bit with maps and has been updated since . in agreement with other answerer 's who have pointed out you can download the maps for offline usage , no calculation is needed , if using maps , what i found actually surprised me , the gps navigation still works even if off-line and not using any 3g/wifi either ! with the maps , hit menu , tap on make available offline , then you can pan and zoom in on the location of the map , to increase the size of the map for offline usage , it may be required to zoom out if you want a big area of maps coverage . then the download will happen ( wifi needed preferably as depending on the size of the offline map , it will take a while - not your conventional nippy download speed ) furthermore , if browsing on desktop pc , hit up on maps on the google site , and select your starting point and ending point as destination , if planning a journey , and save that as " my places " . with the maps app , it can sync up with " my places " and pull it down and be used with the off-line map ! that surprised me the gps navigation will actually show where you are and the route to take . caveat emptor : be sure to have plenty of battery juice as the gps is working 100% on it simply enable gps , all data switched off , and as its oft said - let 's hit the road jack and . . . profit ! \o/
used rainbowcontacts app for android to connect to blackberry via bluetooth and import contacts .
i had same issues with this transfer also . i had problems on transferring my notes to the android platform . i have literally hundreds of notes and a lot of task items . i could not figure out how to transfer them . then i found this little app that makes it much easier . it uses my blackberry backup file to transfer even my sms texts from the blackberry to android . oh ! the name of the app 2can look it up on google play . sweet .
transferring blackberry contacts to android galaxy note 2 turn on bluetooth for both devices pair both devices to each other go to blackberry 's bluetooth setup , and select the android phone- for me it is sgh-t889 renamed galaxy note 2 . press the enter key or trackpad , and the device menu will pop up . select " transfer contacts " your android device will popup a request to accept a file named phonebook . vcf ' . choose accept your android will now accept your complete contact list ! your welcome ! now if your in la buy me a chocolate puddinf cake and a coke . my name is paul .
i had a b9700 , too . and i know many apps do not support b9700 bold . but i found one called netqin contacts sync , and it did a wonderful job ! it did just what it advertised to do , done the task in seconds . netqin sync is available for blackberries , android phones and iphones , so moving contacts from one of the three to another is no problem for netqin . and , it is completely free ! you can check out the procedures here : http://be-tasty-azur.blogspot.tw/2012/11/how-to-move-contacts-to-android-iphone.html
after going through some useless posts all over the internet , i came across one app in bb app world - quick contact transfer . this works great . you may need to shell out few rupees to buy it though .
the gps should eventually work without wifi , the further you are in distance and time from the last gps sync , the longer the startup time will be . perhaps in slovenia and croatia you used it enough that the startup time was reasonable . ( wifi access can shortcut the process by giving the gps a hint as to your probably location ) . i would suggest putting the tablet somewhere stationary with a clear view of the sky and giving it a good while to sync , it will probably eventually sync up .
welcome to ae , please ask your questions after searching through the internet . root rooting wont brick your device unless you did in a wrong away , keep the battery full ( greater than 75 ) install appropriate drivers make sure you use offical usb driver follow the procedure . kingo root as per documentation kingo android root has already rooted more than 100,000 devices，and we never met a bricking situation . refer this link .
the most obvious explanation is that the file is incomplete : there is only a small fraction of the file there , or only the first section of the file is readable . given that the symptoms you report in your other question point to sd card failure , that seems the most likely cause for this too . if this is a different sd card , it could be that the card itself is not at fault : rather , whatever you are using to copy files to the card could be corrupting the filesystem , or a dodgy usb connection to a card reader could be interrupting file transfers .
an incomplete song play is mostly due to the corrupt file which you have downloaded . although it may show around 7mb for a file but if the file is corrupt then it will not play any part of it or in some cases just plays the start and skips to the next . what exactly a corrupt file is a corrupt mp3 file means that some audio bits and tunes are missing or contain some bug . the mp3 player usually plays these bits if all are there in the proper order . if some bit of data is missing then it simply skips to the next track . the corruption of the file can be judged by the amount of file is playable . if you can only play the start then the whole mp3 is corrupt . it is waste of trying because some times you could get only till the middle and later by default it skips . detect a corrupted mp3 or mp4 file : - the best way to check a corrupted file is to do a simple fast forward ( do not do a 4x fast forward for you will not know when the file is fast forwarded very fast ) till the end of the file . in fast forward it will skip to the next available data point . as you are able to only fast forward till the middle then the remaining portion of the file is missing/corrupt . if fast forward jumps directly to the last then the whole song is corrupt and needs to be deleted . for an mp4 file when the video turns pixelated during a fast forward instead of the smooth audio/video then that video is corrupt . a complete video plays the audio and video with ease even if you fast forward . let the file be partially or completely corrupt you have to delete it because corrupt file will never play completely . how to avoid a corrupt file 1 ) always download files from a reputable source . some sites do not have proper files to which many fall trap to . if you download from good sources then you will not have that issue at all . ( my suggestion is to avoid using free downloads as far as possible as it is against the law-piracy issues and also you got cheap audio with these kind of issues ) 2 ) there are some download managers which check for the link , file before download . if the link or file is missing/corrupt then you can avoid this issue .
i had this problem . the song worked fine in itunes , but not in google music . the song has an audio glitch in it from recording it from a burned cd , and that is around the spot where the song skips . it is not the mp3 or the song ; it is something about google music does not like the song . my work around : i made an aac version in itunes , uploaded that , and it worked . so my original mp3 must have been glitchy .
i do not know if this is the reason for you , but i have seen the symptoms you describe caused by usb problems . there are two particular possible problems : the cable is loose , probably at the device end . then wiggling it slightly can cause a brief disconnection . you would not normally notice this , because it only lasts for a second , but it'll terminate an adb shell session , or if you are deploying an app onto the device when it happens , it'll interrupt the transfer . there is congestion on the usb bus . this can happen when several devices ( whether that is several android devices , or one android device and something else such as a usb stick or webcam ) are connected to the same hub . adb is not very resilient to bus congestion , so it can disconnect while you are doing a high-bandwidth operation , such as taking a screenshot or running an adb shell command with lots of output . sometimes this can cause a brief disconnection , but sometimes the protocol gets into a bad state , and you can only recover by physically unplugging the device and plugging it back in again . in either case , you can tell that this is happening because , even if the disconnection is momentary , the device shows the usb debugging notification again as if it had been fully unplugged .
you probably have the htc sense calendar , which is different from the regular calendar . to replace it : root your phone . use a file manager like root explorer to back up any files you replace and to copy in new ones . you will need to browse to /system/app and mount it as r/w . use an aosp ( android-open-source-project ) calendar like this one from xda ( has instructions ) . it is for 2.1 , it might work for 2.2 but if not just search xda for another .
google now , you can disable in the settings of the " search " app .
try auto memory manager and set your minfree values on the secondary server lower so it has lower chances killing off services . you can also increase the oom priority of the service to 0 ( lower values means less chance of being killed ) , also part of app .
the only solution i have found and seems to be working with more than one services , is to make sure that i leave open in the task manager the applications i do not want to be closed down . this is not a bulletproof approach , but it works for hours or even days ( at least in my case ) and it is much faster than manually changing oom priority ( only to find out that oom changes back after a while by the system itself ) . ideal solution would be an application that monitors oom of services specified by the user and making sure it is kept at certain levels , but i have not found any that can do that until now .
16 gb is not " that big " . all devices released within the past 2 years ( which includes your device ) at least support cards up to 32 gb . but every now and then , some incompatibilities are reported : a certain device does not like cards from a certain brand ( i never remember the combinations causing trouble ) . it might well be you have hit one of those . if you have some other card available , try that . if you either wanted to buy a new one , check the brand you are currently using , and buy some other . good idea is to e.g. buy a 32 gb at amazon ( or some other place known to accept returns ) , so if it does not work out ( and also seems to be " incompatible" ) , you can return it .
would not you have to chmod rwx-rx-rx ? ( ie : 755 , execute permissions for all users ) so that android can actually run the dspmanager apk/app ? or is this not the case on android ?
post #8 on this forum has a flashable dspmanager zip file that apparently the user reports worked with paranoid . if anything , you should also look into flashing beats audio which will give you just as good ( if not better ) equalizer settings .
under the Account Sync action in llama , you can Enable Account Sync then Request Update . it is possible that the play store will update when this is called , but i have not tried it so could not tell you for sure . worth a shot though .
" to turn on automatic updating ? " i highly doubt there is an intent for this - that is a user setting and android does not generally allow apps to change user settings . i think the best solution is to , first , manually turn on the auto-updates feature of the play store , and set it to wifi only , and second , launch the play store when you connect to the desired hotspot . just launching it will typically cause it to perform any pending updates . i am not sure how you specify this in tasker or llama , but you can launch the play store by sending an intent that requests that a play store url be launched ( e . g . the url of a play store app or publisher ) , e.g. new intent ( intent . action_view , uri . parse ( " http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id= "+appname ) ) more info about that is here . finally , you should go to the wifi settings and mark your home wifi network as metered . whoops . i have seen that setting in the api docs here but now i can not find a way for a user to set it . maybe that is only available for cell networks , or maybe that is coming in future versions of android ( the api was just added recently ) .
you dont need to connect via bt . you can do it via wifi . turn on tethering on the iphone . go to wifi settings and ensure the iphone is not connected to a wifi device . then go to your tab and open wifi connection settings . do a wifi search and it'll find the iphone . connect the tab wifi to the hotspot which is the iphone .
mywi for iphone will do it but may need to install wpa_supplicant . adhocfix on galaxy to accept adhoc network . i did this on my nook color and it works really well .
its not only your device 's issue , but also in most of the devices . android 4.2 has this issue . and google officially confirmed it . look above link "We have fixed the a2dp streaming stutter problem on N7. The next release should have the fix.Sorry about the problem." android 4.2.2 fixed bluetooth audio problems on nexus phones and tablets . you just try it out by using new 4.2.2 in your n7 .
have a look at the following issue with the apps that are installed on sd card after reinserting the sd card i was one of the hard user of link2sd application . what i observed from this app is that you should not remove your sd card once you have applications on your sd card . while phone booting some of the applications gets initialized . if the phone system does not find the sd card and its applications then it is going to break the link between the sd card applications and the system . you might be seeing those applications on Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications but they will not be accessible . to answer your question there might be a way but not known to all . you can mail the developer of link2sd mentioning the issue . they might give you a solution .
i like disk usage to show simply where are the octets .
there is no hardware accelerated pdf reader for android at the time i am writing this ( correct/edit me if i am wrong ) . as kernal already sad , the performance depends on your phone . you could try to downsize the images in the pdfs for better performance on your android device .
it seems like the better choice is ezpdf reader . it is a paid app , but the screenshots look just great ! remember the performance depends on which phone do you have . . . :-/
starting with android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , google introduced hardware accelerated 2d rendering pipeline . for now it is a tablet-only feature , but hopefully we will get that in the unified ice cream sandwich platform . that should be a bit with that slowness issue with pdf readers since they are only able to do software rendering in gingerbread and older .
you could try flashing a custom kernel with voodoo sound . i do not know if it changes the volume increment but it may provide better values for those increments , and certainly a much better sound experience overall .
the situation seems to be improved in the android 2.2 update .
no , rooting your phone will not let you use it on other carriers . if you have a good standing account with tmobile , and i believe you have to have been a customer for like 9 months ( or something like that ) , you can call them and tell they you are going out of the country and want to be able to use an international sim card . they will give you the code you need to unlock your phone so you can use it on other carriers . you will not get 3g data speeds unless the carrier uses the same bands that tmobile does . for example , at and t does not use the same bands , so you will only get edge .
if your phone is rooted , try installing one of the " mass storage enabler " apps from the play store .
somewhat depends on what your work email server looks like , but i have a gmail account , two hotmail accounts , and an ms exchange account on my droid and there is an option within each accounts settings to turn on/off " email notifications " and to choose which ringtone is used for that notification . so , by that token , you could have your gmail emails sound off with the default notification and have your work email play any crazy sound you like . does that help or am i misunderstanding your question ?
not with the gmail app that comes with the phone , no . but , if you really wanted this , you could do it like so : create a new gmail account , like emailsfrommyfriendjohnsmith@gmail.com. setup the new gmail account in your android phone , and enable notifications . in the gmail web interface , set up a filter in your current gmail account that has all email from your friend forwarded to the new email address . ( you will still see these emails in your regular inbox . ) voila !
no . this listener has nothing to do with " listening " in the sound sense : it is listening for intent broadcasts , which are a kind of signal that different software components in the device use to notify each other of important events . for more explanation about broadcasts , see what&#39 ; s the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? if you want to solve the problem of not being able to record audio , i recommend you post a new question with full details about what steps you took , what happened , and how long this has been happening , along with what phone and os version you have . without any further details , my first guess would be that if the audio recorder app you are using stopped unexpectedly , it failed to properly release the mic for use by other apps . in this case restarting the device would fix the problem .
i would assume it is related to battery stats . if they got screwed up then the phone can think it is drained when it is full and tries to charge ( creating the heat ) . a series of full drains and charges should help , especially if the stats are cleared first . you should be able to do this from clockworkmod recovery if you have it .
i do not think it is your charger ( though you should try another just to discount this ) . i think it is a problem with the phone . my sgs2 is incredibly slow to charge , and sometimes even seems to lose a few % while charging if i actually use the phone . it also gets very hot ( i dropped a temp widget on it and the highest record temp so far is 120f ) . try turning radios off but leave the phone on and see if your charge time improves . i would do them one at a time to see which one is actually the problem child . i have not exactly isolated mine , but personally i think it is the hspa+ .
this happens to me as well and i am glad that i have found a thread related to it . yes , the phone stop charging sometimes and then it will make the battery very hot . if you still charge it and somehow reached 100% , your battery will drain really fast . let me share you guys what i did and actually made my battery last longer . when i noticed that the battery dropped from 100% to 95% in 3 minutes without doing anything , i waited until it reach 85% then turned the phone off . i charged it again up to a 100% ( it actually took a long time again to charge it to 100% ) and after that , my battery is performing a lot better . 12hours and it was just down to 75% with browsing , games and stuff , so this is the trick that i do whenever i encounter this issue . : )
try factory reset . my phone had this issue as well . after a factory reset it worked fine . but be sure you back up all the important data first .
just switching the default install location does not free up storage . if you follow up to the insufficient-memory tag-wiki , you will find the explanation : first thing you should check when encountering this problem is how much internal storage is left on your device ( space on sdcards , internal or external , is completely irrelevant to this problem ) . as a general thumb rule , you need at least 25 mb free so regardless where apps are to be installed : google play first needs to download them , and stores them in /data/local before installing them . this is in internal storage , hence it will check there for " sufficient space " . for things to do , again the insufficient-memory tag-wiki is a good starting point , and should be sufficient to solve your issue ( basically , you need to free up some space , e.g. by moving some apps to sd or deleting some you no longer need ) . if that still did not solve the issue , please indicate ( and update your question to note what you tried , what the outcome was , and where you are stuck ) .
google maps needs the correct version of gapps to work . download the gapps and install it from recovery
appxplore might help you .
have a look at inspector . it lists the apk filenames ( e . g . /system/app/htccamera . apk , not the app name ) and the activities .
i have not tried it but it is probably possible to write an app to do this using the PackageManager and PackageInfo classes .
you sure can ! sony introduced this in 4.2.2 . for the sony-xperia-z sony have introduced native dualshock 3 support this software functionality was spied in the upcoming sony xperia sp ( c530x ) settings menu ( settings > xperia ) . from here you will find a ‘dualshock 3 wireless controller’ menu option . you then need to connect the controller to your phone via an usb-otg cable . once this is done , you can remove the cable and the phone and controller will now be connected via bluetooth . here is a youtube guide on just this wirelessly : 3g uk also have a guide posted on how to do this using usb otg , and here is an extract : how do you connect the dualshock controller ? connecting your controller to your sony xperia devices does not involve rooting your device or anything complex . however , there are some things you will need two things before you can begin : •usb otg ( on the go ) adapter - an inexpensive cable which enables you to connect usb devices to your sony xperia device ( £2.68 on amazon ) . •the charging cable that came with your ps3 dualshock controller then follow the 4 simple steps below : step 1 - connect the " charging cable " to your ps3 dualshock controller and plug the other end into the usb otg adapter . step 2 - plug the usb otg cable into the micro-usb port on your sony xperia smartphone/tablet . step 3 - open up " settings " on your xperia device and navigate to the " xperia " menu ( listed under the device section ) step 4 - select the " dualshock wireless controller " app and follow the on-screen prompts . this artilce is for the coders and programmers and has details on how to implement in your own game . not exactly what you asked , but may be of interest to some !
keep clicking on the Next button as if you are agreeing . then you can choose ' no , maybe later` to opt out of google-now . when you perform a normal search under your previous searches/ suggested searches there is a link to " get google now " again ! you can click the big x beside it and it will not come back . however , some updates and reinstalling the search app may cause this to recur again , but the steps above will get rid of it .
yes , with firefox mobile . the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com can be installed directly in firefox mobile . if the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com do not cut it , shortmarks . com lets you make your own search plugins to save on your firefox install . this guide might help .
there are a number of apps that will either give you a wikipedia search widget on the home screen , or add wikipedia as an option to the built-in search widget 's drop-down selection . have a look at a few of these : https://market.android.com/search?q=wikipedia+search
it is very difficult to put a number on the estimated battery life of the n1 , mainly because there is not really a standard " typical use " . but since it seems that you are looking for a number , this thread may help . since at least 2 people reported at least 2 days in a single charge ( given certain conditions ) , i would say that if your n1 battery does not hold more than 10 hours , it is time to start shopping for a new battery .
about the lagging : please update your software to the latest supported by samsung . after updating my samsung galaxy s to version 2.2.1 , my phone was much , much and i do mean much smoother than before .
regarding your first 2 questions ( reboot / suspend ) : no this is not normal , however , as a lot of software from a lot of different vendors are running on your phone , it is inevitable that under certain conditions certain apps can cause your phone to " crash " . in an ideal world , no piece of software should be able to crash the underlying os and the phone , however , most likely , difficult to reproduce bugs with the underlying android os can lead to phone reboots . regarding the lag . there is a known issue with the samsung galaxy s and the " lagging " . checkout the links below for more info on the actual issue , and some fixes ( all require rooting your phone unfortunately ) . updating the android version to > 2.1 does not seem to resolve the issue . samsung is aware of this issue , but does not seem to have any plans in fixing it ( probably focusing on their new flagship phone ) . it is an outrage that users need to resort to all kinds of hacks on their 500$ phone to get it running properly . http://crave.cnet.co.uk/mobiles/how-to-speed-up-your-samsung-galaxy-s-with-the-voodoo-lag-fix-50002228/ http://www.groovypost.com/howto/mobile/most-common-lag-fixes-for-samsung-galaxy-s-captivate-vibrant-fascinate-epic-4g/
the lag issues are caused by samsung 's modifications to the offical android release , nothing to do with android itself or the capabilities of the phone . for reference , i have owned an sgs for 9 months now and have got it to the point of being basically perfect . the hardware capabilities of this phone are amazing . however , the default sgs software is without a doubt terrible . the above answer is very good at addressing your specific concerns , but my advice is to do away with the standard samsung rom and replace it with darky 's rom which has all of the above answers already implemented , as well as a host of other speed and usability improvements , including integrating a large part of the gingerbread ui which is very nice . version 9.5 would be my recommendation , which is based on the official froyo release and is proven to be very stable . i recommend you erase all caches and apps off your phone and start afresh - it helps avoid some minor niggles you can have with apps that were installed on a previous version . full and clear instructions are available in the forum section of the linked page . with this rom , i have no fcs and no lag at all , but some of the problems you mention ( eg - flac compatibility may fit into this category ) are app specific and can only be fixed with updated applications . bear in mind that the official gingerbread update should be released by samsung in the coming weeks , but based on their previous efforts im still likely to stick with the derived darky 's rom 10 . x when it comes out of beta .
you can delete your whatsapp account through the following steps . open whatsapp . press the [ menu button ] => settings => account => [ delete my account ] . enter your phone number in the full international format and tap [ delete my account ] . please keep in mind that deleting your account is an irreversible process , we cannot undo a deletion if you complete the process by accident . goto whatsapp faq for more infomation
try to ping dns eg google dns " ping 8.8.8.8 -t " if it replied , then your problem might be browser specific . check if you do not have proxy settings set on your browser . if it does not reply , make sure you do not have a vpn software installed on your android device , tethering will not work with vpn installed on android . also make sure you do not have active vpn on your pc too as this will change the default route of the network .
if you are using the built in wifi tethering in settings , then android might have automatically misconfigured the iproutes . you can try clearing the data on the tethering app and settings to refresh the configuration . open Settings -> Applications -> click Settings -> Clear Data . same procedure for the tethering app , open Settings -> Applications -> click "&gt;your tethering app here&lt; -> Clear Data and to add , i am also a globe/sun subscriber :d
basically i had the same problem , and if you had an iphone spits on ground i would say yes ( you can set more than one smtp server up and if it fails on one it'll try on the other ) . . you can just get round it by turning off the phones wifi when you want to send an email ( at home ) emails can be sent over the phone network using their smtp server ( smtp . orange .netfor example ) but as soon as you hit your home network ( via wifi ) the orange out-going server will not work ( because it does not know who you are because you are going through your own isp ) , where as if you change your smtp server back to ntlworld it would work ( because you are using your home connection ) ( hope that made sence ? ) o2 solved this issue , because they had a user name and password for their smtp server , so even if you sent an email over wifi ( at home ) it could authenticate who you were and subsequently send it . i tried explaining this to orange . . . it fell on deaf ears
there are a number of apps that allow you to program-without-programming to set up conditions on your phone that trigger changes in settings and such . tasker is one a friend at work uses , and i know there was at least one other ( though i can not remember the name right now ) . i have never used them personally , so i do not know exactly what trigger conditions they have ( such as switching from a specific wifi network to another data connection ) . you may want to check those out though and see if they meet your needs . oh , another is locale , which looks ( according to appbrain ) to have a lot of plugins developed for it to add additional triggers and actions . . . you may even be able to get a plugin written for it to do what you want if there is not one .
they support authentication to use the mail server to send email - particularly since these days the service is run by google . this page covers the settings in detail , but the key points are : configure it to use authentication configure it to use ssl configure it to use port 465 for smtp if selecting ssl did not change it already
what you are talking about is called invideo programming . as a viewer , i do not think there is any way to remove this through the youtube app . the content creator has to disable this themselves . related topics : how to remove invideo programming from a single video ?
i would not want to call motoblur or htc sense just " skins " -- they are not a suite of visual enhancements , but an entire app suite that sits on top of the os . they are full-fledged graphical user interfaces with additional custom apps , virtual keyboards , widgets , etc . so , as to the benefits ? i like sense - its my major ui on the incredible , but i have also used my wife 's aria . the sense ui is cleaner and smoother ( hardware speeds aside ) . the custom widgets are smoothly integrated and have more features . other than the htc mail and messaging apps having a possible memory leak issue [ i replaced their use with k9 and gmail , and handcent ] , i have been pleased with sense . a smooth , consistent user experience with the interface can make using it better . it is not the be-all end-all -- despite the recent ms winmo7 commercials -- but it is nice .
" vanilla " android devices ( like the n1 ) usually mean that you wait less time to get updates for the phone ( as it'll come straight from google ) . this is because it takes additional time for manufacturers to add in their tweaks and uis on top of the newer version of android . the second fastest to vanilla stock would be a custom rom like cyanogenmod which takes the changes that google pushes out into the android source and incorporates them into the mod to get the latest version of android on as many phones as possible .
although some have reported it as a bug , apparently the away status only appears after 10 minutes of idle time ( defined as no use and the screen shutting off ) .
unfortunately without actually testing these scenarios i cannot provide a definite answer but i can confirm that the feature works . it may take time before gmail or google talk are updated with your " away " status . the feature may not work on lock screen activation . . . but on idle time . personally this would be a smarter way of doing it . just because i have locked my phone does not mean i am away . on the other hand if i have not used the phone for more than 5 minutes then mark me as away/inactive . best thing i can recommend is you play around with these two scenarios above . lock the phone and monitor your status on someone else 's computer . if you find something interesting post the results back : )
yes , you will have to reflash rom to restore to purchase day settings . since you deleted those . apk files , a simple reset will not do the trick . imei is hard coded in phone , reflashing firmware will have no affect on that . however , i do not see how any of the apps you listed as deleted should have anything to do with fm radio reception . . . . maybe the samsungapps has the programming to make radio work ?
first you should try to use the settings item " reset phone " . you can find it at settings-> back up and reset -> factory data reset . but remember : if you do this all your data will be deleted so do a backup on your pc or cloud first . if this does not help try to find out your kernel and build and baseband . normally settings -> about phone . load your firmware from samfirmware and flash it with odin . there are several guides you can find ( one is at samfirmware too ) . maybe there is a solution without resetting or flashing , but i do not know any . hope it helps you .
i would not recommend using a rom that was not built to go with your specific device . if you use a rom that does not go with your device , even if the rom goes with your device on a different carrier , you risk bricking the device . make sure that your device specs match exactly to the rom specs . rule of thumb when it comes to roms : close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades .
open google now . go to Settings &gt; voice . change the ' speech output ' option .
i had same problem , but after updating it works well . just update google search in the google play store .
yes . /system is for persistent firmware files and will survive a wipe/reset unless you do not install another firmware ( depends on the mod 's installer/installation script : some preserve other files , some do not ) .
there are two products in market which i found awesome : ) surefox : kiosk mode browser for android smartphones and tablet which restricts user to browse only selected websites , which has many more options inside browser preferences for eg . private browsing and many more . try exploring this . surelock : you already know about it ; ) you can try using surefox on top of surelock
not sure if it is possible to do a factory reset with it but i know that tasker is a great tool to automate things . you can try it for free first .
that sounds to me like you had need to root the phones and write a bash script to execute the sd card wipe and the browser cache wipe . if you do not know how to write scripts , stack overflow is a good place to ask for help ( the primary stack exchange site ) . script manager is a good app for managing your scripts and when they execute ( on boot would probably make the most sense , especially if you use tasker to shut the machine down every night on a schedule ) .
you can delete the data and cache for each app one by one , from within the application settings , then wipe the sdcard . but , if all you need to do in terms of setting up is a ( short ) wifi keys , then a factory reset might be best . it may be possible to bake your settings into the rom e . g put your wifi keys in /system/etc/wifi/wifi_supplicant . conf . that example would allow wifi keys to survive a factory reset . any other solution i can think of would involve constantly ( un ) rooting , especially if you are talking about teenagers . or , you could lock down root access with superuser elite and if you were confident that nobody would be messing with adb , you might go that way . there are " business solutions " out there , but that would be too much surely .
you probably have to use odin . i have done it myself , and it worked for me . i used it to root my phone ( sgs2 ) . i have postponed it for months , afraid it would brick my phone , but it did not . make a backup of all important data . find a good manual on youtube , xda-developers or via google . compare them , and see what they say . be prepared that it can go wrong . if it goes wrong , it could mean that your phone is bricked . i have a friend who bricked his samsung phone , and samsung repaired it without making problems over a rooted phone . google will not update your phone . samsung has to prepare an update because of phone specific drivers and their own specific apps . that is the only official way to update , and if samsung does not make that update , there is no alternative but to use a rom .
is a third-party mail client a possibility ? if yes , i would recommend k-9 mail , works great for me . and yes , it supports changing account colors .
the only work around for that problem is , to use this app -> cloudmagic ( https://cloudmagic.com ) solved my problem but it would be reate when google will fix this for the stock email app .
for ics and later : settings lock screen screen security owner info , here is where a note is entered this part is a bit confusing as there is no save etc , so just enter something , and back out , you will not lose what you typed , keep backing out until back on home screen . next time screen lock kicks in or press power button to lock it , a note will appear . but having said that , if the phone is lost , whoever will pick it up will more than likely ignore it !
i had a similar problem but on another device , though try if it can fix your problem this is the what i did : i opened the terminal emulator and typed : $ su # logcat  then i held ' volume down ' ( a . k.a. ctrl ) and ' c ' to stop the output . i scrolled a bit up in the output and found a line that said : ok , so this is where it is breaking . i was not really interested in finding out what should the proper combination of ownership/permissions for the file as i did not really trust it would end just here , downgrading database version offers a range of situations that can go wrong . and since i do not really care for my past alarm clock times , i got rid of the old database : # cd /data/data/com.android.deskclock/databases # mv alarms.db alarms.db.bak  otherwise at the time i looked out for this problem the only other solution i saw was to wipe and restore my phone . if you do so , do not forget to backup all your data first ! good luck , i hope it helped you or someone .
after db deletions , cache and dalvic cache clearing , Silent mode was the culprit .
make sure your phone is not on silent ! i had the same problem until i realized that i was using the profile silent and for some reason this did not allow me to set the alarm . after changing to default profile the problem was fixed .
so finally i was able to fix this weirdo . since this answer doesnt really tell what was causing this . i will remark any further answers if they can tell what was the problem i will just describe what i did . root your device install clean master give it the root access ( it will ask itself ) remove all bloatware run cleaning routines hope that it helped you
not true . get xposed and there are a bunch of different tweak modules
the answer is no , you cannot , because rom control is an app that is geared and orientated towards android 4 and in this instance aokp , hence internal api 's are different . back porting it into a non-ics/non-aokp rom may fail due to the dependencies on the aspect of aokp , such as settings , and ics internals are vastly different to non-ics code . if you are a programmer and like to torture yourself with the challenge of it , then maybe its possible to back-port certain aspects and build the rom yourself .
matthew is correct , these controls are specific to the rom . many cyanogenmod roms offer settings like these , but there will be no way to access them without being built into the rom you are using .
i suggest lookout . i use it and it is quite good . it also has the virus scanner and backup of data .
os monitor does that . shows the name of the app , and the ip address of the connection ( including a whois with a map when you click on it ) . edit : i should mention that the sync icon typically indicates a system-level sync . do you have every item ( gmail , contacts , calendar , facebook ) explicitly turned off in the settings ?
in the htc dream ( g1 ) the umts radio ( 3g ) is a separate board from the rest of the phone . while this is a desire z and i have not had the opportunity to take one apart , it is probably very similar . the 3g/4g daughterboard ( or if it is connected , antenna ) could have failed , cracked , disconnected or sustained damage in some other way . software will not fix it . you have damaged hardware .
enter su first . > su > ls /data make sure your device is rooted .
you could try using the android device manager if your phone is linked to your google account . it can track down your phone but you may not be able to erase the contents due to you need to allow that beforehand .
install sshdroid on your phone and mount it on your linux box using sshfs . even if a wifi network is unavailable , you can still manage a transfer just by setting up wifi tethering on your phone ( this will even work without a data connection , say when you are travelling ) . connect your laptop to the wifi tether and then turn on sshdroid . after that it is just like copying to a server . you can use a command like : scp /home/daniel/Music/* 192.168.48.1:/mnt/sdcard/Music/  or even mount that remote sftp server to a local path . just google for sshfs fstab . just note that the ip mentioned here will likely be different for you . note that data will move between your laptop and your phone on the local network , not using up your mobile data connection ( if you even have access to one ) , so there is no need to worry about data fees .
the best hassle free way to transfer files between ubuntu and your device is by using and ftp client like filezilla on ubuntu and software data cable for your android device . you can then transfer files via ftp . works for me . hope it helps .
i did what @logos suggested . if you are looking for solution for your galaxy tab ( tablet , not galaxy phone ) , then upon plugging usb data cable to your linux computer you will see a usb connection icon . tap on notification aera , then on usb connection , then tap on check-box that is non-mtp connection option . then you will see your galaxy tab 's sd card mounted on your desktop . if you browse folders - you will find them empty , content is not shown . just transfer your files where you want them to be . the opposite direction is not working , i guess .
just bought a galaxy note 10.1 , and ran through same problem to transfer file through usb with my ubuntu 12.04 pc . now , it seems that using ' connect as a camera ' is smoother . . . no need of any other software . go to settings / developer options , and check ' usb debugging ' then open the main menu ( where you get the notifications ) and tap on " connected as . . . " to open the ' storage settings/usb pc connection ' menu ( can figure out how to access it another way ) : 2 options ' media device ( mtp ) ' and ' camera ( ptp ) ' . i checked the camera ( ptp ) . then connect the device to the pc , cancel all messages that may appear on the pc , and normally the device should mount automatically : 2 icons should appear on the desktop : 1 is the main card , the other the extension card . now you can copy and past files from the pc to the device cards via nuatilus like for any other device . but . . . you do not have access to the files on the cards : ie , the directories appear empty ( if they appear at all ) . so you may need to shuffle the files around afterwards on the device directly to re-arrange the locations etc . . . appart from that , drag and drop files on the extsd card does work : the files are copied , no pb . you do have access to the files and directories you just copied though . some characters seems to be forbidden in the names of files and directories that you copy . do not use : " or : or ? and perhaps some others . the . - _ and ' are ok . but having a forbidden character in the file or directory name causes an error as reported in the original post :"error creating directory : -1: unspecified error " if pb is in the name of the directory you want to copy , or " error copying file xxxx : -1: unspecified error " if it is in the file name .
i have a galaxy s2 and i resolved a similar problem using the phone just as a mass storage device ( and not using mtp ) , following this tutorial from askubuntu ( it worked nicely ) : go to the settings under wireless and network click on " more " select usb utilities click the " connect storage to pc " now you can plug in the usb cable and use usb mass storage . on more modern versions of android , you may need to click the " more…" item in settings . this contains the " usb utilities " item , mentioned above .
ubuntu 10 requires manual editing of your udev config in order to recognize an android device 's sd card . as root create the text file "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules” and add this line for a samsung device : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="04e8", MODE="0666"  save the file and exit the editor , then set the permissions of the file and restart the udev system : $ sudo chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules $ sudo restart udev udev start/running, process xxxx  if that does not work , you can also install an app for file xfring as other answers have recommended . personally i favour samba filesharing .
use kies . it transfers files between devices in an easy way , using a web browser . awesome !
what are my options for recovery images ? is there anything besides clockworkmod or amon ra ? a third popular option is teamwin recovery project , usually referred to as twrp . if i go with either one , how do i get it installed ? since your bootloader is unlocked , you can use fastboot to install a recovery if you download it in . img format . you do this by downloading the recovery image to your computer , plugging in your phone , and executing : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  from a pc command prompt while your device is booted into fastboot mode . alternatively , clockworkmod and twrp can both be installed from apps on rooted devices . for clockworkmod you can use rom manager and select the " flash clockworkmod recovery " menu option . twrp can be installed using goomanager by selecting the " install openrecoveryscript " option in the app 's settings menu . a third option is to get a copy of the recovery you want in a bootloader-flashable zip file . for the evo it will be a file named pc36img . zip . you put it on the root of your phone 's sd card and then reboot into your bootloader and it should flash it for you . i know that amon ra has been distributed in this format , but i am not sure about the others .
did you uncheck " settings > location and security > use secure credentials " ? edit : or leave the password blank
have you tried disabling the " use secure credentials " option in Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Location &amp; security , under " credentials storage " section ?
besides disabling the " use secure credentials " , if it still asks for the password upon joining a wi-fi network , make it happy by going back to Settings =&gt; Security =&gt; Set password ( under " credential storage" ; applicable to htc desire device ) . it will not bug you anymore after that
you can try keystore unlocker if your phone is rooted and keystore notifier if it is not .
there is a setting " back up local folders " within the auto-backup settings which when checked will upload any images/videos on your device . if you uncheck this setting it should only backup the camera folder . screenshots from google+ v4.3.1.63038142 running on my nexus 5: click image for larger version
i am aware of an option in developers settings which limit the amount of background processes . is this option set to anything besides standard limit ? aside from an app killer application i can think of nothing else except crazy oom settings .
did you download wireless tether from the market or from http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ ? if you are running android 2.1 you need to take the extra steps listed here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/wiki/setup_htc_desire_incredible if you are running 2.2 then in theory it should just work . i would first try the latest release candidate here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/downloads/detail ? name=wireless_tether_2_0_5-rc2 . apk and can=2 and q= let me know how it works out .
android stores its fonts at /system/fonts/ using ttf ( truetype ) format . if you have a program that can edit ttf files ( e . g . fontforge ) , you can replace the number fonts in these . ttf files with your preferred number fonts to change the glyph used for numbers globally . if you are rooted , you should be able to replace these font files with your own modified version . note that i have never tried this , note as well that some applications ' layout may rely on the system fonts being of a particular size or shape , and this modifications may break the layout in those applications .
for certain devices , such as the nexus 7 , that is not possible because the stock rom unifies /data and what would normally be used as an sd card with fuse mounts . if the restore program erased the /data partition , it would wipe out the backup because it is stored within /data . for example , with twrp it would be at /data/media/0/TWRP/BACKUPS/(deviceSerial)/ in a subdirectory of one 's choosing , but by default is composed of yyyy-mm-dd-hh-mm-ss ( buildid ) when the backup was started , for example "2013-12-28-14-12-18 kot49h " . what i think twrp will attempt to do on a restore is to recursively unlink ( 2 ) /rmdir ( 2 ) everything except the twrp directory tree . when i did a restore , it printed a message about wiping /data . it very well could depend on which recovery you use too . twrp might have a different way than cwm , which may be different from cot and so on . it might also depend on whether the device has an sd card slot or not ( a nexus 7 does not ) .
i tested this , and your concern is valid . i added a dummy file to /system and then did a nandroid restore . the dummy file survived . repeated the same test on /data with same result . so i do not know why cwm does not wipe those partitions first . the cwm author probably made an assumption it does not matter or there may be a valid reason they do not get wiped .
usually a nand restore will overwrite the partitions it restores completely . everything currently on the partition will be overwritten , and the exact same state from the backup will be restored . so wiping before restoring is not really necessary , as it will be completely overwritten anyway . instead it is usually recommended to wipe cache partitions ( including dalvik cache ) after the nand backup is restored to make sure that the restored state can be recovered correctly ( and is not affected by cache issues ) .
have a play with surelock in the play store . it is pretty good at locking the home screen down .
i have a pandigital and do play mp3 audiobooks on it without any issue . however , i have been borrowing them from the public library and it seems you have to got through itunes to drag and drop them to you pdn .
after some googling , it appears that b and n audiobooks are in mp3 format with no drm . that means they should play on almost everything that can play audio , including the novel . edit : their faq says exactly that , and mentions how to download the files .
the galaxy s plus ( i9001 ) needs an external power source to have a working usb otg . see this link on xda for more information ( it is for the i9000 , but does also apply ) . according to gsmarena 's spec ( usb : yes , microusb v2.0 ) the i9001 firmware does not originally support usb-otg ( compare the s3 's spec , but 3rd party firmware added this later on . it does however not function without external 5v power .
the gmail app now does notifications based on “labels” instead of having global notification settings . that way you can have different settings per label . so , if you go to the inbox label ( i think ) , you can set the sound there…
there are only two of them . simplecinema ( by developerrevolution ) : it works with both quicktime-variant chapters and nero-variant chapters . the former is more popular . it is a small player that just does one thing . lvoe media : if you are not sign language user , you probably will find its sign-language-optimized interface a bit weird , but i have tested that it can do quicktime variant chapters , nero-variant i did not test against this player . chapters in video files is a good feature , unfortunately most people do not know it exists .
after testing several browsers ( dolphin , firefox , opera ) and readers ( moon+ ) mentioned in similar questions here , only offline browser seems to do the job of reading interlinked offline . html/ . htm files correctly .
moon+ reader has the ability to view html files - not the code , mind you , just the rendered part . it is an ebook reader and is available in both free and paid versions .
you could try using the default android browser . open the browser , in the address bar enter : file://sdcard/file.html ( replace the part after sdcard/ with whatever path leads to your file ) . you can then bookmark the file and open it later in the browser without having to re-type the address . however , trying to make a " bookmark shortcut " or using the htc bookmark widget will not work for local files .
try ireader : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.chaozh.ireaderfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5jagfvemguavjlywrlcijd
there is a feature build into the emulator , named snapshot . snapshot , basically saves an image of the emulator ( in it is current state ) when you close it . then next time , you can start it from the same place . the emulator will start almost immediately , since it does not need to go through the boot process . using snapshot , i consistently can start my emulator in less than 5 seconds ( as opposed to 60 - 90 seconds to start it without ) . basically , when you create the avd ( create your emulator image ) - there is a section titled : " snapshot " . make sure this is checked ( "enabled" ) . you can also go back and edit an avd to enable this if you missed it the first time . next time you start the emulator , the " snapshot " options will be enabled . select " launch from snapshot " if you want to start from a saved image , and select " save to snapshot " to save whatever state your emulator is in when you close it .
in addition to the other great answers here , this is sort of an obvious answer . anyhow , i figured i would add it to the list here . if you increase hardware specs on the development computer your running this on ( most specifically ram or hard disk spindle speed ) you will see an increase in the speed at which the emulator starts up and runs . my development computer had 2gb of ddr2667 and when i went to 4gb of ddr800 i had a noticible increase in the speed of emulator startup and operations .
if you are using a multicore machine , you could try to force the emulator to use more cores . the android emulator uses a single core by default , and on some processors it can be really slow . however , this decreases the stability of the emulator . to do this , launch the emulator and press Ctrl+Shift+Esc to open task manager . go to the Processes tab and right-click the emulator.exe process , select Set Affinity and select additional cores . note that you have to do this every time you launch the emulator . i did this on my old dev machine ( q9650 , win2008 , 8gb ddr2 800mhz ram ) and it improved the speed a little , but crashed about once a day on average .
i think there is nothing to do to accelerate the emulator , it is just really slow . you had better use a real device for tests , if possible .
if you are doing development in eclipse , you do not need to turn off the emulator . if the debug/run button in eclipse is set up properly , then eclipse will close the current instance of your program inside the emulator , install your new program to the emulator , and start the program on the currently running emulator -- all without rebooting the emulator . yes , the emulator booting still takes 5 minutes , but it is not that bad since you only boot the emulator once a day ( and booting up eclipse at the start of the day takes roughly the same amount of time anyway ) .
lie ryan makes a good point that once you start the emulator you do not need to close it when you are done testing a build . leave it open and each time you run or debug your app it will automatically be re-loaded and launched . if you are having trouble with the size of the emulator you can modify the settings and have it display the actual size of the device you are trying to emulate . this can be done by opening up the " android sdk and avd manager " , select the avd you want to manage and click " start " . this will bring up the dialog on the right ( in the screen shot below ) . check the " scale display to real size " and then you need to modify the Screen Size field and the " monitor dpi " field . the " screen size " will be the size of the screen for the device you are emulating and " monitor dpi " will relate to your monitor 's dpi . you may have to play around with this for a bit ' cause it took me a couple attempts to get it right . hope this helps
if you are using android 2.2 's native tethering , then the phone acts as an access point . this means any wifi-enabled devices can tether to the phone as if it is a regular wireless access point . i do not know much about pdanet/easytether , but it should be possible to set up " internet connection sharing ( ics ) " on windows or " masquerading " on linux . speed will probably be not that great , since 3g is pretty slow on most areas . it will be usable , but unless the 3g speed in your area is blazingly fast , do not expect much .
had this just now with a ' fake ' ap set up on a monitor mode interface with airbase-ng , could not figure out why with either dhcp or static ip there was 90% packet loss ( with tiny bursts of connectivity loosely connected to screen wake up ) . . . rebooting phone and reseting wifi of little help . --then , after hours of fiddling , i swapped the rt2870/rt3070 usb wireless dongle against a rtl8187 one that was also lying around . bo0m problem fixed , no more packet loss , with or without screen turned on , what the heck . reporting with sk17i xperia mini pro on android 4.0.4 ( build 4.1 . b . 0.431 ) .
i have been having problems similar to nommik 's with my samsung gio s5665 . it would connect perfectly to the wi-fi at the office , but at home : connects with excellent to good signal strength , but pinging the router produces no response usually ; occasional random bursts of return packets for 4 to 10 seconds ; disabling and reenabling wifi on my phone results in 100% packet return for about 60-180 seconds , then back to occasional bursts . all other devices including other phones connect to the home wi-fi correctly . what i tried : changing protection on router from wpa/wpa2 to wpa only , wpa2 only , wep only , none . no difference . encryption from tkip to aes : no difference changing channels , sideband , power , beacon rate , in short , everything changeable : no difference or worse . on the phone : changing ip address to static . no difference . solution : flashing the router worked . i am so happy now ! this has taken weeks to sort out .
have you scanned the wlan frequencies to see how strong is your own ap in relation to the other ones ? i used android program called wifi analyzer that does that ; it shows you visible aps and their channels , and how badly their signal leaks into other channels . you can also see signal strength of you ap from that . the mobile phone often has a lot crappier wifi antenna than laptop , just because it needs to be smaller and lighter . also , the orientation of the device varies more . if you problem is signal strength , or other networks overlapping yours , changing channels or installing better antenna can help a lot . in this case i direct you to look at a sister site . and , to me your setup sounds pretty geek-normal ! i , too , use a linux home server as ap , with pci-e and usb wifi adapters and hostapd .
in order to access truecrypt containers/files , you need to use 3rd party apps like eds or cryptonite . for the latter , which you already have , follow the instructions in their faq to mount with correct permissions : truecrypt --fs-options="uid=1000,gid=1000,umask=0002" volume.tc /sdcard/tc 
your tl ; dr ; answer is : no . your carrier will always see the imei code of the phone . it is like a mac address on a lan . spoofing or changing the imei of a device is illegal . since in s.e. we will not go beyond the law , nobody is changing the imei . you can check the model and status of any device by its imei , in this link here . the p1000 sits on the boundary between a phone and a tablet ( humpty dum-p1000 sitting on a wall . . . ) . there are some like @onik♦ or your carrier that will see it as a tablet , but screen size ( and there are several 7 inch phones out there ) is hardly enough to make a device a tablet . . . p1000 runs only up to 2.3 gingerbread ( stock ) - several apps behave as phone only because of that . it makes calls and messaging , so i call a mistrial on this whole tablet or phone thing . we are specifically talking of the p1000 here . the other generations of the galaxy tab series can fall into the tablet side of the wall , but the p1000 ? no . good luck convincing your carrier of either . my money is on them telling you to suck it ( as bad as it sounds ) .
as long as you log in to the new device with the same google account that you use on the incredible you will have access to all the apps that you purchased / downloaded . you will not have to purchase them again . the android market is tied to your google account , not the device .
solution that worked for me : connect the phone to the charger switch it off ( 10 sec press power button ) as soon as the led light up and the phone screen is black , disconnect it from the charger the phone should remain off ( wait for 10 sec to be sure ) connect again the charger and then unplug it after 5 sec now try to boot the recovery ( power + volume up ) once you are in recovery : fix the permission to enable r/w on system . clean cache and dalvin cache if you need flash it again ( you can push file with adb ) now the phone boots perfectly ! i am using lewa mod for reference .
to update the ring tone directory , the media scanner has to run . usually restarting the phone will do this , but if media scanner is not checking that directory when the device starts you can try to create a file in the sdcard ringtone directory with an app that triggers media scanner . i think astro file manager will trigger it . if that does not work , you could try clearing the cache ( i assume root since you are using root explorer and deleting system ringtones ) , the system may be caching that information and thinks they are still there .
looking through the hyperdrive rom page for note 3 at xda , power menu toggle can be adjusted by the following steps . open the application Hyperdrive Tweaks included in the rom . in the app goto General Mods &gt; Extended Power Menu select the options you want for power menu toggles viz ( shut down / restart / recovery etc ) . however , i cannot find out where to disable the volume settings control from the power button , my assumption would be under audio mods of hyperdrive tweaks . reading further down in the thread , few have mentioned that enabling the power toggle in the hyperdrive tweaks app should override the current volume control toggle behaviour by power button ( long press ) .
an easier way is to use style jukebox . it is similar to google music , only that it is cross-platform and has app for windows too . you get style jukebox for your computer and any song you add there will be automatically uploaded to your cloud account . you can upload up to 2000 songs for free . then with any device you have ( android , wp or ios ) you can instantly access your music and playlists , from anywhere . www.get-jukebox.com
there are various options . i actually use windows media player . it actually does a pretty good job syncing , although i am not fond of the interface in general . i use poweramp to play my music , but any player should work . this does require a cable however . airsync syncs your playlist over the air . it sounds convenient but it costs $4.99 , but since you want it over wifi that may do the job . you can also use the amazon mp3 player if you want to load your music onto the cloud , or one of the other cloud services that have been suggested so far .
google music google music puts music from your pc onto google servers which you can access from your phone . it has a save-to-phone option , playlists and other features .
i am sure the list is long , but i will mention what i have found after a brief investigation and from other answers syncness http://www.clayworldsoftware.com/index.php/syncness/ sync with multiple shares on your home or work network sync with mutilple dropbox accounts two way file deletions sync when wifi network is detected ! - thats very cool scheduled sync pros syncing on detecting the wifi network does not require a server application running on a pc quite cheap $1.99 cons does not do media conversion missing sync does google music http://music.google.com/music/ pros cons only available to users in the united states winamp http://www.winamp.com/android seems possible to sync over wifi using both a winamp client on the phone and pc http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/wirelessly-sync-music-to-your-android-phone/ pros free ! missing sync http://www.markspace.com/products/missing-sync-family.html pros seems to have quite a comprehensive set of two-way synchronization features . supports wifi and multiple devices , quite handy as i have an iphone as well cons cost $39.95
it is a paid app but i have found syncness to be good . it allows multiple sync profiles , sync on connect to particular wifi networks or time based syncs .
you can use an external bluetooth or usb keyboard with the nexus 7 . for more information see the connect to keyboards , mice , and other devices section of the nexus 7 manual . mike elgan reports that the nexus 7 also works with an apple bluetooth keyboard .
yes , it has a magnetic sensor / digital compass .
if you are not too attached to your current keyboard , there are loads of other ones you could try . slideit keyboard is good , and it has a new support for skins ! so you can make it look however you want : ) swype has about the same functionality as the former , with a single skin that is more of a darker grey . flext9 has the same support as the first two , with a white skin . swiftkey is good if you do not like the swipe to type thing , and has a couple good-looking included skins . the only way to change the default keyboard on your device though , will be rooting and finding a rom that has a keyboard that you like ( or making your own if you are developer inclined ; ) )
alternatively , you could use adb reboot recovery . if you do not have fastboot , this will be the only option . once you have rebooted into recovery , there will be four options : reboot system now apply update from sdcard wipe data/factory reset wipe cache partition press the - Volume Button twice and then press the power button . then go down seven times , since all the other options are ' no ' . if done right , your data should be wiped . if you want , wipe the cache partition too . then go up and reboot the system .
you can obtain the adb and fastboot utilities as part of the android software development kit ( or separately from third parties , but watch out for trojan binaries ) . if you install the sdk , you will need to install the platform tools and ( if using windows ) the usb driver for windows . once you have them , from whatever source , this is what you will do : reboot the phone to the bootloader ( fastboot ) : adb reboot bootloader  adb may not work if the phone has not previously been placed in usb debugging mode . in this case , boot the phone to fastboot mode by first powering it off , then powering it on by holding all three of the power , volume up and volume down keys at the same time for two seconds , then releasing all three keys , then touching volume down twice , then volume up once . check to see if the phone is in fastboot mode . if it does not show anything , wait a few seconds and try again : fastboot devices  wipe the user data/cache : fastboot -w 
the first step for any of these force close issues is to clear the cache and/or data from the problem app . whether it is the play store or youtube that is the problem is unclear ; you may end up doing both . open Settings Apps scroll down to the app you want and tap to open app info . ( if it is a system app ( without updates ) you may need to swipe left to " all " in order to find it . ) tap the clear cache button . if that does not work , return and tap clear data see also : app x isn&#39 ; t working correctly . how can i fix it ?
usually no - however , it is my opinion that this is a rather vague question that can not be accurately answered without knowing the app developer 's policy or whether the app is locked to a particular region .
although we may not be referring to the same program , i had issues with android 's built in voice dialer app . there are a few replacement voice dialer apps on google play , including choice dialer . in many of these alternative voice dialers , there are options for controlling the confidence threshold before taking an action . in the case of choice dialer , if a command cannot be understood with a configurable level of confidence , it asks you to confirm with a simple yes or no . i found that this alone made it a lot better than the built-in voice dialer . so , to answer your question , consider getting a replacement voice dialer .
enter *#*#4636#*#* in your dialer and select "3g only " mode on the menu that opens .
there is an app for 3g only mode : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobnetic.only3g however your phone should automatically try and go for 3g if there is a 3g connection available , it will never choose 2g over 3g so i do not see why this would be useful . . . there is still a 2g only mode to save battery in settings -> mobile networks
353mb is probably too little for a proper 4.1+ experience . besides this , there is no generic android installation media , each device needs its firmware tailored and adapted by the manufacturer . if the manufacturer has put it end-of-life , you are hosed unless you find someone who ported it or you port it yourself .
not sure you have fixed this or not . if you are still out of luck , try root the phone via below tutorial : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1832485
mybackup does not backup these ringtone assignments . titanium backs this up but it seems to assign to the wrong people after restore ( source ) . back my tones premium looks like does what you want !
ringtone keeper is also an free alternative that looks like it does what you want .
facebook 's notifications come through google cloud messaging ( gcm ) . as such , the facebook app itself is not using the network at all , as all apps ' gcm messages come through one connection , owned by the google play services process . there is no user control for individual gcm endpoints . it is up to facebook to provide an option for notifications .
market version 3.3.11 now has a setting called " auto-update apps " . enabling it will effectively set each individual app associated with the account to auto-update , and disabling it will of course do the opposite . this setting is found by simply going into the market 's settings ( Menu Button-&gt;Settings on phones , or use the top-right action bar on honeycomb ) . you can read about the release here . it also has links that could help you sideload the update if it is not automatically available to you .
you could use a program like droidwall to block market 's internet access , this should keep it from installing/uninstalling programs .
there bitter truth is there is none option to switch all automatic updated off in one go . i solved my particular problem by rooting the phone . since no exploit is known for 2.3.4 i had to unlock the phone . this in turn meant that both amazon mp3 and google books stopped updating themselves . which is one way to solve the problem . still i removed the files using the following script : warning : this is script from the “if you can not understand it you should not be using it” category .
when in android market select my apps . u will see all the applications installed . select tha one u want to disable automatic updates . u will see a small checkbox at the bottom . uncheck it .
titanium backup ( root only ) has " market tools " . one of these tools is " market auto updates " which presents a list of all your apps with their checkboxes for auto-updates . you can sort the enabled apps to the top , and you can " deselect all " to disable automatic updating for all apps .
if you have titanium backup installed you could try and freeze the program software update .
here 's the trick : use an app manager to force stop the play store , then clear all the data . go to the play store 's settings , then deselect " auto update apps by default "
one possibility would be to prefix all numbers in your contact list by *31# ( which turns the callerid on for that call only ) , while having callerid disabled in your settings . depending on whether the phone app is intelligent enough to detect this as to not belonging to the number , incoming calls should still be matched fine ( you could of course first try it out with one number to check ) . second possibility is the other way around : having callerid globally enabled , and prefix manually entered numbers by #31# . being unsure which method to use , take a third option and a look at prefixer , which should be able to do the one or the other for you -- depending on how you configure that app .
this comes back to the individual app developer , you will have to contact the developers of business calendar and signnow to update their share menu to be compatible with the email app . on the mean time though , you can use gmail to send as your work email . once you do that , then you can share to gmail , and pick the alternate from address by clicking on the from field on the gmail app .
this happened to me again . the process of unlocking was as follows : - call the android phone from a normal phone - pick up the phone - press the options button - click the button to add someone to the call - press the " go back " button it should return you to the home page . after that , setup pattern unlock . it only uses the touch-screen , so it works with a broken lock button .
are you talking about google play movies and tv ? i think this is only for rented / purchased movies in google play . to play an mp4 file on your device , try an app like mx player .
this answer is certainly not eligible for the bounty , but i am afraid the answer is : it is not possible . even though i can not share resources that do tell us that it is not possible , i can share resources you had expect to have the answer , but do not : this google-fu leads mostly to development threads again , with "-developer " added things do not improve much the help center on facebook is utterly useless as well , even with more specific queries the settings for version 1.8.4 of the facebook app do not contain any remotely close option ( there are not too many settings , anyway ) . perhaps someone else can refute this answer ?
search on the market , there are unlock screens that forces you to do random math puzzle , play a ball game , and there is an app aptly named " no lock " that simply disables the lock screen , and requiring you to press the hardware lock button to unlock .
widgetlocker ( on the market ) provides htc-like , iphone-like , motorola-like , and rotary style unlock screens . really superb app .
you do not need to install an app for this . Settings -&gt; Location and security -&gt; Change screen lock . there are 3 other options . i use pattern because it is cool and easy for one hand , and relatively secure . the puzzle lock the easiest though .
i decided to look up some data , and my guess seems to be correct : http://nesl.ee.ucla.edu/fw/documents/reports/2007/poweranalysis.pdf according to the report , bluetooth takes the least amount of energy . however your 3g radio will probably take the most energy ; maintaining a 3g connection without transferring any data is cheap , but once you start sending/receiving data , then it trumps even wi-fi . wifi radios have a high wakeup and connection maintenance energy , but low energy per bit transmission cost and high bandwidth . cellular radios have low connection maintenance energy , but high energy per bit transmission cost and low bandwidth . disclaimer : the study might only apply for the particular model that the device they use .
so i tried to "Clear Data" , instead of just "Clear Cache" in the google service framework ( and forced stop ) . i then ran the checkin again ( dial *#*#2432546#*#* in the phone app ) , and now i am being shown the new Android 4.3 System Update .
as a can see it has a rockchip cpu , you try root it with vroot http://www.mgyun.com/en/getvroot . rockchip sells the majority of it chips to chinese oems that is why its very likely that vroot will do the job . please try it and reply back : )
if you are rooted and custom clockworkmod installed then go to recovery mod and fix permissions will clear this issue . . or you can use rom manager to fix permissions .
it also happened to me after 4.2.1 updates . i just reset to factory settings . now , it is working fine for me .
i have managed to solve my problem taking the following steps : install the clean master ( cleaner ) app : clean master is a free , top-rated all-in-one cleaner app for android™ devices . clean - cache files and residual files clear - search/call/text/etc history app management - move app data to the sd card and uninstall/backup apps kills tasks - smart memory booster clear the system cache ; restart the phone .
ok the problem was simple and stupid . supersu had denied link2sd its root access permanently , i must have clicked on denied once . . . enabled root access for link2sd and everything was working fine .
try haxsync . it is the best . it is working on android 4.2 .
there is a solution , but unfortunately it is a bit tedious . this issue occurs because android caches the album art at a low resolution . it also generates file names for the thumbnails in a weird manner ( apparently by the value of the system clock the first time the album appears ) . this means that the fix will be manual unless you employ some computer vision software . navigate to Internal Storage\Android\data\com.android.providers.media and copy the albumthumbs folder to some local directory . you will see files such as 1345139729376 , 1345139731350 , etc in albumthumbs . these files have no extension but are actually just jpegs . you can just edit these files if your image editing software supports it , but we could add .jpg to make it easier . in windows this could be done via the command-line with ren * *.jpg . now if you are on windows you will probably see image thumbnails instead of the generic file icon and it will be easy to edit the images . i am sorry if you have a lot of albums , but since the file names are as good as random we need to actually look at each image and replace it with its high resolution counterpart . if you changed the file extension we can change it all back with ren * *. ( note the period at the end ) . we can then paste our modified album art back into the original albumthumbs folder on the device . the result :
if the app ' samsung account ' has been disabled , re-enable it by using the following : settings > application manager > use the right-most panel by panning right to the heading ' all ' . scroll up all the way to the ' disabled ' part of the list , which is at the bottom , click ' samsung account ' > enable . update : expanded instructions for clarity : the application manager is initially in the ' downloaded ' panel , and the column header is underlined . to the right is the ' running ' panel , and to the far right is the ' all ' panel . disbled apps are at the bottom of the ' all ' panel . select the app you want to re-enable .
it turned out that mount is not actually supplied by busybox , but by toolbox . with this knowledge , it was easy to track down the cause of the bug : unlike busybox , since i do not have another " toolbox " implementation with a correctly working mount command , it is likely that the behavior would've been easy to see from the code . in fact the problem is here at line 330 : it checks if type == NULL , but then outputs an USAGE that erroneously shows -t as optional compare with busybox at line 1930 : // Loop through filesystem types until mount succeeds
i have found a solution for the following problem : -the nexus 7 2013 device must never be turned off unless it has an insufficient amount of battery -when the nexus 7 2013 device is exposed to an inductive charge , it should turn on automatically in order to apply this change to my device , i activated the bootloader and ran a simple batch file with the following script : fastboot oem unlock fastboot oem off-mode-charge 0 fastboot oem lock fastboot reboot  this line : fastboot oem off-mode-charge 0  sets the device to turn on whenever there is enough charge remaining that is sufficient to power up the device . if the device is drained completely of battery , then charged via conduction to or above a level of sufficient battery for rebooting , it will not reboot unless it is then either the charger is removed and re-applied or if the power button is pressed . this means that if a device is charged from 0% battery to 100% battery and removed from the charger , it can remain turned off for shipment until it arrives at its destination , in which it can be touched to an inductive charger and instantly turned on with no power button interaction whatsoever . this may be a specific usage that will not help others the way it helped me , but if it helps others in any way i would rather put it out there than keep it to myself .
" services " does not mean what you think it means . a service is an app component that can run in the background . for example , an email app might have a service that is started every 15 minutes to check for new email ( and stops itself when it completes ) . this means it is background apps that stop , not things like the wi-fi and mobile data . app developers are encouraged to check for the low battery condition and stop battery-draining activities . this broadcast also triggers the " low battery " dialog , so it is easy to tell at what level it fires . it can be changed by the device manufacturer ( since android is open-source ) , but it is usually set to trigger at 15% .
dw contact manager supports this feature http://crowdin.net/project/dw-contact-group-manager
without root access , there is no way possible to change the default install location of apps . you need to have root access in order to make such changes .
install mobogenie for pc , enable usb debugging in your phone settings , and connect the phone to your pc . you will find the option to move your apps to sd .
usually it would alert you with a dialog . you may want to reflash your phone .
summing up : cyanogenmod from at least v7 up has , as usual , alerts for battery low . it can appear in different places : in the notification bar ( ryan conrad ) on the lock screen ( onik ) i rawly remember even having seen a toast displayed . according to onik , there should be a setting somewhere to toggle the alert sound for this event on/off -- and according to this cm forum post . . . led lights are in cm settings , while low battery sound is in phone/sound settings . i was able to find the sound at the end of the mentioned list with cm 7.2 ( but not 7.0.3 ) , but nothing in cm settings specific to the battery low event . though : if really needed , this should be quite easily established using tasker . . .
you can get pre-alpha builds of vlc that i have had little issue with playing just about any video format . as i said though , it is pre-alpha . i have tried many other apps , and most worked fairly well , but i also stream a lot of videos over my network after mounting shares to my device and none really worked with the mounted shares . vlc works fine with them .
i first used diceplayer trial to verify it worked properly , and the bought the full version , and 720p material works well on my galaxy tab 10.1 . give it a try : )
since i put icecream sandwitch ( ics ) in the adam the mx player definitely works best for me . it decodes most things i encoded with handbreak in h/w-mode -- the things it can not , i am not sure why . but even some 720p/h264 stuff i could not play before are now running smoothly .
might be some interoperability issue with particular hotspot . if it is a dhcp time out you can try assigning a manual ip address to the particular network . or if it is rooted device you can try below command inside adb shell . dhcpcd wlan0 
the only surefire fix i can suggest is factory reset . but i know it should be your last resort so maybe it can also be fixed by resetting the settings to defaults , without losing data . this method sometimes work with broken wifi , issues with force close , some lagging issue and some others . first , if you have titanium backup or other similar apps , backup your system data ( settings , applicationsettings , settings storage ) because you will be wiping it clean . 2nd , go to settings -> applications -> all , and scroll down until you find Settings . select it , now you will see some info , scroll down until so see Clear data . note that clearing data will set your wifi , wallpaper , sound , network , but not your password and google login , to defaults . now after clearing settings , go back to applications -> all , and check if you also have VPNservice , and Network Provider there , clear its data too to be sure . try to login your vpn now , it should probably work . if not , use whatever last resort you have . but remember to backup first :p
you might try out 3rd party softwares like hot spot shield hot spot shield flash vpn
no , you can not do this without rooting or installing a custom rom . some apps allow you to select from predefined themes within the app , and you can install a custom launcher to change the appearance of the home screen and app drawer ( the list of apps ) , but you can not change the appearance of all apps . if you could , there would be no way for app authors to know what the app would look like on users ' phones . for example , if an app had light-coloured background artwork or photo , with dark text , and you changed the text to light , it would no longer show up against the background image . people already complain that android apps look less polished than ios apps , and this would be even worse if app authors had to worry about text colours being different on different users ' devices . samsung phones have an accessibility feature that colour-inverts the whole screen , in all apps . even this does not quite do what you want , because of course if the app started out with light text on a dark background , it would be inverted to dark on a light background . it also makes the device pretty useless for looking at photos or other artwork , and makes colours ugly in all apps .
not a real solution as to the underlying problem -- but a possible work-around involving tasker ( or a similar automation app which could do the same ) : condition : on startup if wi-fi on task : wi-fi off wait 15 sec wi-fi on this at least should save you from having to do it manually everytime .
samsung lists the hdmi smart adapter on their website as being compatible with the galaxy note .
the very-originally-named dynamic dns client is a fairly popular app for this purpose . as for service , noip is popular , free , and reliable in my experience .
System settings &gt; My device &gt; Language and keyboard &gt; Language . note : i also have an s4 , and also from philippines .
this would require using a " custom variable " – let 's call it WANT_BT for a reference ­– and some additional profile : on " monitor start " , set an initial value for it . which that is , depends on your usage : say you have got wifi on usually , set it to 0 here , otherwise set it to 1 in this place . experiment a little which is better fitting . alternatively , make it depending on whether wifi is on at this time . we will interprete this as " do we want bt to be turned on when wifi switches off ? " with "0" as " no " and "1" as " yes " . in your sleep-mode profile , set it to 0 in the task . optionally set it to 1 in the exit task ( tasker should restore the " before-value " automatically ) in your bt task , check this variable additionally ( i.e. . " turn bt on if wifi is off and %WANT_BT% is 1" ) you might have to adjust some other profiles triggering wifi , but that should basically cover it : bt should only be turned on when " wanted " . even if you manually switch off wifi via a toggle widget ( or the shortcuts ) , bt would only turn on in situations where you want_bt : )
i had the same problem with my gio and i found out that it is because i leave wifi on for a while without working with phone . this is a bug in android-2.2 froyo and it is solved in 2.3 gingerbread which has been released on december 6 , 2010 .
when i had this happen on my htc g2 , it ultimately turned out to be a hardware issue . if disabling the setcpu does not fix it , then i would check your warranty coverage and make sure to get a replacement before it expires .
i think i had the same problem recently . when i pressed the phone 's power button to wake it up , the display would turn on , but stay completely blank . it happened multiple times a day for me and i got frustrated , so i tried three things and one of those seems to have fixed the problem . knock on wood . i reformatted my external sd-card . i removed almost all of my media files from the phone . i disabled juicedefender 's cpu frequency scaling my prime suspect was the sd-card , because the problems started to occur , when i inserted it , but i cannot be sure .
unfortunately , it seems like the htc aria does have that ability , but at and t has removed it .
you can install apps on the htc aria using the adb client . you will need to install the android sdk on your pc , and then use adb to install the . apk files . to install the android sdk , follow the steps in the android developer 's guide to setting up your phone for development . if you are on windows , you will need to go to htc to get the device drivers , as google only provides drivers for their devices . for some reason htc does not publicise the adb driver well , but it is included in the htc sync software . you can grab the latest version from htc 's aria downloads page . mac and linux users do not need to install device drivers to use adb . finally , connect your device to your pc , making sure that debugging mode is enabled on the device . you should see an entry in the system tray stating that the device is in debug mode . on your pc , run the following command : adb install yourapp.apk  this will install the app on your phone , and you will be good to go ! note that you will either need to have the android-sdk/platform-tools directory in your path , or run the command from that directory .
you could try the instructions in this xda post . be aware that doing this will disable your ability to send/receive mms messages , and will require a hard reset to fix : go to your " settings " go to " applications " go to " manage applications " go to the " all " tab ( or any tab that will display all your apps ) find the applications " customization settings provider " click on " clear data " go back to " all " tab ( or any tab that will display all your applications ) find the program " settings " click on " clear data " finished if you go back to " applications " you will now have the option to enable " unknown sources "
i know this is a really old ( and probably no longer relevant ) post , but as i have an htc aria and i shared the same issue , i thought it was worth posting another option . i would suggest checking out a program called superoneclick . with it , i was able to permanently enable my aria to install non-market apps . it will also allow for the installation of the amazon market . all of this without having to root your phone or do anything to void the warranty ( at least to my knowledge ) . it was very easy to use .
in this case , tethering means connecting the phone to the computer and using an application on the pc to update the firmware of the device . an example of this is updating with samsung kies or odin .
easy tether works for me for usb tethering on os x lion . android.stackexchange.com/q/15735/15, android.stackexchange.com/q/5168/15 to elaborate , here are the steps involved : open the easy tether application on your android device and select usb ( you will see the et notification in the notification bar ) . plug your android device into your machine via usb . open network preferences , select easytether and select connect . also , if you do any android dev , make sure to follow the mobile stream 's faq ( although i just moved the . kext to the trash since kextunload was not working for me ) : adb on mac os x stops recognizing the attached device after installing > easytether driver do not follow this advice if you are not a software developer who uses the android sdk on mac . otherwise run " sudo kextunload /system/library/extensions/easytetherusbethernet . kext " to unload the easytether driver manually . load it again with kextload when/if necessary .
there is no such thing as an international rom . when you see ( for example ) a cyanogenmod rom " samsung galaxy s iii international " , it means that the rom is for the international variant of the phone hardware , with the right drivers for that phone 's hardware . the international variant might just have a different radio ( to work on the right gsm frequency for your country ) , but sometimes the international variant is a completely different phone , with a different soc or screen , but in the same case . if your phone is an " international " variant , then a rom that is for the us variant will be missing drivers you need . fixing this problem requires finding the correct drivers for your hardware and integrating them into the rom . if there is only one variant of your phone , or the rom is already for the correct variant , then you do not need an " international rom " . the only important difference between roms for different regions ( in this case ) is that they have network settings for networks in that region . you just need to get the right apn settings from your network operator ( you can probably find them on their website ) , go into the mobile networks settings in your phone , and input the correct settings .
try to use smslemon . com . it is very helpful service . you can send , receive , browse and search your sms . their android app can be found here .
desksms is another option , recently released by koush ( maker of rom manager ) . i have not tried it myself but it is getting great reviews .
only answering the " search my sms by text " part , but you can quite easily sync the reseived sms text messages from both phones to the same ( or separate ) labels in gmail and then easily search both phone 's worth of texts in gmail ( on the web , or even in the phones ' gmail apps ) using an app like sms backup+ . sms backup+ syncs all of the sms ( and optionally mms ) texts received by a phone to gmail , putting them all in a specific gmail label . if you install it on both phones , you can either sync them both to the same label if you want them all pooled together , or sync to two similar labels to keep them separate and then you can still search both phones worth of texts in one go . if you sync them all to the same label , just select that label in gmail and search as normal . if you sync them to separate labels then , if your first phone 's messages sync to a label called " smsone " and your second to a " smstwo " label , you can search for the word " test " by putting this in the gmail search box : l:smsone OR l:smstwo test 
google voice .
the simple answer is no . you had have to re-skin that part of the rom and also dig into the code and remove whatever 's doing that , most likely . if it bothers you enough you should just switch roms .
yes , other apps can do that , but it is up to the app developer to implement notifications . this morning when i grabbed my phone i had two different new email notifications ( multiple accounts ) , a facebook message notification , an app update notification , a draw something nudge from my daughter , and a notification that i had new podcasts downloaded in doggcatcher .
there is currently an application on the google play store called drivedroid that should be able to handle that task . please note that it needs a rooted phone . after you install the app , it is a pretty straightforward process . if you need a helpful guide , this how-to by lifehacker should help .
it seems i was running the 5.0 version of google maps . i tried to search for an update on the market , but i could not even find the app . the most surprising thing was that using the exact search strings , i was able to find it very easy in the browser . i downloaded the 5.2 apk , and i installed it from the sdcard . afterwards , everything worked .
you can ' cook up ' ( create ) your own keyboard thanks to an awsome android dev . ( that way you can have the apostrophe wherever you want :- ) see here : http://www.gimpsta.com/themer/ it has also had a blog review here : create-your-own-custom-keyboard-for-android-devices
websharing : http://www.appbrain.com/app/websharing-file-media-sync/nextapp.websharing.r1
there are a few apps that will give you similar functionality to what you are looking for . i would take a look at this article , it may be able to point you in the right direction . swiftp would probably be your best bet , although i do not know if you could stream music , which it sounds like is what you are trying to accomplish . might just have to copy to his computer via ftp , then open from there . estrong has a samba ( windows file sharing ) client , but i do not believe you can serve files , so that will more than likely not do what you are looking for . and the other one listed there , on air , i am the least familiar with . have not used a mac since the screens came in several shades of green , and never had any experience with using the webdav protocol in windows , but based on the description it looks promising .
as far as i know , there is no android device that can be put into a usb-mass-storage-thumbdrive-compliant mode ( to use the nontechnical term ) . the phone would need to have a special mode where it emulated a usb drive and handled reads/writes to the sd card and that sort of thing . i can not imagine any manufacturer modifying the hardware and writing the software necessary to support this when the expected return on investment would probably be 0 .
amon ra 's recovery ( here for dream/g1 , see that post for links to other supported phones ) allows mounting the sd card as usb mass storage . clockworkmod recovery may also allow this , but i am more familiar with amon ra 's patches . you could boot the phone into recovery , turn on usb-ms , and boot from your phone . note of caution : my dream ( g1 ) and magic ( mytouch 3g ) do not charge when booted into recovery . i do not know if i would recommend this for that reason alone .
i have used mortplayer and it supports chapters , multiple bookmarks and remembers your place . as far as chapters go , it depends on how the audio book is setup , most mp3 audio books save each chapter as a different track and that works just fine . also , it is free . while i have not tried it , it is my understanding that ambling book player pro is the cats meow of audio book players , although it costs $9 . i do not really listen to audio books much anymore ( too many podcasts to keep up with ) and i use beyondpod for my economist podcasts . it remembers the last place you were listening but it does not let you set bookmarks .
this question is redundant : please see this one for a solution .
whether you still can update to " official versions " via ota-update or otherwise , depends on multiple things . basically , the manufacturer might include a check whether the currently installed rom is valid -- in this case , an update will fail as you changed the /system partition during rooting . if no such check takes place , an update might succeed -- but you may have lost root access ( if the update replaced the /system partition ; tools like ota rootkeeper might prove helpful in those cases ) . for further details , please see e.g. how do i update the os on my device ? how do i upgrade my rooted nexus one using ota updates ? rooting and updating to official updates
i had a rom that failed to vibrate certain " very short duration vibrations " ( or those of low strength vibrations ) . i am not sure if its just a hardware limitation of my phone or the rom in particular , but you could try an app like handcent for now and play around the vibration settings in there . handcent sms allows you to fine tune the vibrations , adjust the intervals between each vibrations in milliseconds etc . .
there is a workaround here that might work for you : vibrate still not working for sms/mms notification
do check the battery settings or profile settings as you might have selected the profile while is restricting the vibration notifications . if still dosen't work it maybe due to some hardware fault ( assuming you have already checked the above settings ) but i would recommend flashing the rom to customer cm7 roms and then check if you still have the same issue . p.s. you could try using the hardware reset method also .
in order to save apps ' data you have two options : if your phone is rooted , use the famous app titanium backup ; if your phone is not rooted , use helium with a windows pc .
i actually got this working again ! ! after opening up the case and googling some of the different numbers printed on chips and the circuit board , i found out that this particular type of tablet can have its firmware flashed by putting the right files on the root of a micro sd card . when it boots up it will automatically check for said files and perform an update all by itself . when it finishes it asks you to remove the sd card and then automatically reboots itself . it took me a few tries to get a good firmware with the majority of features working . some were unstable , some would not boot , some would boot but had no touch screen or soft button support , no camera , gyro , wifi etc . i finally found one that seems stable and has most features working , minus the camera . i have a few more left to try and see if i can get the camera working , but other than that it works great !
themes on android are internal to apps : they are not user-accessible things . replacing the theme of every app on your phone entails building a new custom rom with your changes , and may cause some apps to behave oddly or appear wrong , because they are relying on details of the holo themes . these days , even phone manufacturers can not replace the themes of third-party apps , because the android conformance tests verify that the holo theme has not been modified . that is why , if you buy ( say ) a samsung phone with a blue theme , only the built-in apps use that blue theme : third-party apps use the unmodified holo theme . replacing the theme of an individual app is more feasible , but without the sources it requires decompiling and replacing the app 's apk file , essentially making a new app . this kind of reverse-engineering may be illegal where you are , even if you do not intend to distribute your themed app ; either way , your new app would not have access to the original app 's data , and will fail any licensing or anti-piracy check the app performs .
galaxy s duos was released with the ics onboard and there is no gingerbread available for this model . you should not use a firmware designed for other devices from the galaxy family - this is an easy way to brick you phone . " getting prepared " instruction is irrelevant .
getting prepared the firmware downgrade drill for the samsung galaxy devices is not much complicated as compared to the phones manufactured by other brands . it requires you to boot the device first into download/odin mode , and then into android recovery mode . i hope many of you would be acquainted with both the methods . even if you are not , it doesn’t matter . download the downgrade firmware for your samsung galaxy device and extract it on your computer . a good source to download samsung firmwares is samsung-updates . type your device name in the search box at the sidebar , you would find it hopefully . if you do not get it , let me know ( your device and country ) . to find out the correct firmware you can use csc codes . download and install samsung usb drivers on your computer . skip this step if you already have it . download odin firmware flasher and unzip it ( if you get any error with odin3 1.85 , try the greater version ) : odin3_v1.85 . zip or odin3_v3.04 . zip since the downgrading procedure will delete all data stored on the internal sd card of your galaxy device it will be better to backup your messages , contacts and installed apps . charge your device’s battery to the full make sure that you have turned on usb debugging from Settings =&gt; Developer Options . installing the downgrade firmware installing a firmware version that is lower than the current one is just the same as installing a higher one , but you have to one more thing that you do not usually do . i assume that you have already done as described above , so let’s go ahead . turn off your samsung galaxy device whether it a phone or tablet and boot into download/odin mode . if it is a phone , you can enter the download mode doing this : press and hold the Volume Down+Home buttons together and then long press the Power button till the screen turns up . now press the Volume Up key to enter the download mode . in case you have a galaxy tab device , do this : press and hold the Volume Up+Power buttons together , and then press the Volume Up key when prompted . now go to the odin folder and run the . exe file there . this is the time , you have to connect you device to the computer using a compatible usb cable . when the connection between the device and computer is established , the id:com port at odin will turn to yellow or light blue ( depending on the odin version you are using ) and you’ll see added ! ! text in the message box below . make sure that only f . reset time option is checked on odin . the auto reboot option is checked by default , so please uncheck it . okay , now click on the pda button on odin and select the firmware file in tar . md5 format . now click the start button on odin . this will initiate the firmware installation . wait till it finishes . finally when you get a pass ! ! message on odin , remove the usb cable from your device . now open the back panel of your device and pull out the battery . wait for about 60 seconds and reinsert the battery back to its place . now reboot your phone into android recovery mode . if you have a smartphone , you can do it this way : press and hold the Volume Up+Home buttons together and then hold the power button till the screen turns up and the samsung logo blinks for two times . release the Power button but keep the other two keys pressed till you see a black screen with green android bot and blue text . in case you got a galaxy tab or note 10.1 , press and hold the Volume Down+Power keys together for a few seconds till you see the yellow triangle with android bot followed by a black screen with blue text . in the recovery mode you will have to use the Volume Up/Volume Down keys to scroll up or down , and the Power button to select an option . so , scroll down to wipe data/factory reset option and select yes to confirm your choice . now go to wipe cache partition and confirm the choice . finally , go to the reboot system now option and select it . your device will boot now and it might take a longer time than it does usually . when it completely boots up , it should be on the downgraded firmware you installed . cheers ! please do this at your own risk . more details on this method can be found here .
there are several adb guis available which might help you out . all of them have in common that you can browse the android device 's directory tree using a graphical frontend , and also execute " stuff " from a command-line interface ( "console" ) . they might offer additional features as well : android commander root optional ( and only needed for applications manager and flashing options ) , windows only . offers an adb shell ( console ) and a graphical file manager . adb browser a gui based file and application browser , windows and linux qtadb seems to require root and busybox . multi-platform , multi-purpose gui , including shell ( console ) , file browser , app manager , system info , and much more .
assuming you have windows media player , you should be able to do this pretty easily . in windows media player , click on the " playlists " selection . then select " create auto playlist " . click on " click here to add criteria " under any of the music libraries you see there . a list with a scroll bar will appear . at the bottom of the scroll selection , there should be an item called " more . . . " . click " more " . next , a new list will appear , and on it will be an item called " randomize playback order " . click that . then you will be brought back to the previous window . now click " click here to add criteria " again . click " more " again . this time select " limit total size to " . type in the total size you want . say , 4gb or so ? and lastly , save your playlist . at this point you can edit your playlist manually if you want . now that you have a playlist created , save it and then click " sync " to sync it to a portable device . follow the instructions . i usually manually remove the files first using the android file browser . but windows media player should handle that automatically if you do the " auto sync " feature . i am not sure if it just deletes everything first on the android device or whether it just deletes enough to free up space . i think it is probably the former , not the latter . hope that helps .
do you want to void your warranty ? if not , contact the karbonn customer care and ask for the official flash tool and a copy of the stock rom . reboot your phone in recovery mode and reinstall the android using that tool .
a while back i read something that suggested this problem could be caused by a dodgy sd card . the suggested fix that seemed to work for me was to unmount the sd card and then power off . i have since bought a new sd card and the problem has gone away entirely .
my desire always did this , i have no idea what caused it , i always just ripped the battery out , it did not seem to do any harm . upgrading to froyo fixed the problem for me .
where is it ? it is inside an apk file for some application . can i access it without root access ? you can download the apk to your desktop and unzip it . dolphin hd . . . points to file:///android_asset/new_tab . htm since dolphin hd is not open source ( afaik ) , you have no way of changing this behavior . you also cannot modify this file unless you sign the resulting modified apk file with your own digital signature , in which case you would never again be able to get an update to dolphin hd . you may wish to contact the dolphin hd developers and suggest a feature that meets your needs .
this is a common outcome for many possible problems . if you can get in to clockworkmod ( or whatever custom recovery ) try reflashing cm9 . if that does not work try doing a factory reset from recovery ( clear data/factory reset ) and then reflashing cm9 . on the international sgs you always had to flash cm-roms twice ( on first flash it sets up the partitions and on the second flash it finaly flashes the rom ) . if you still can not boot , flash a stock rom with odin ( i think it is odin you use for flashing stock roms , since it is samsung device , if not use whatever is recomended on xda-developers under topic named something like " restoring a stock rom" ) , and check that it boots that . after that install root , recovery and cm as before . if you still can not get it to boot after that , let us know .
i am guessing here , because you are missing some crucial information in your question , but . . . the clock has been completely redesigned in android 4.4 . here 's a comparison i found on in a post on android police . you will not be able to change it on the stock clock . however , you can easily find yourself an alternate clock in the play store . ( here 's just two i found : jelly bean clock and clock jb . there are dozens of others . )
in theory no limit on recording . but as you say overheading is a big problem on summar days . i experience that camera did shutted down recording video because a software problem . when you recorded , everyframe have to processed by processor . and camera recording process is a stream between processor and camera chip . during this stream , if a bit of stream 's data changes , processor will handle an error in stream and will delete all recorded stream . this is a one scenario . scenario 's count can be increased . for example if processor heat up , and after heating up , on transistor level will one electricity jump 1001st transistor to 1002th transistor and this cause a processor error and this can be the limit of recording video . i hope i could explain .
this depends on how you have placed it . on some qi pads you can even hear the difference . . . try moving the phone around while it is charging . . . you can read this post i made about the heat wasted during charging based on the inductive permeance the qi pad " sees "
if your internet is from a vpn or a server it shows the location of these servers instead of yours using the same method as the new geolocation function in html5 i suppose
turn wifi on if you have not got it on already . you do not need to actually connect to it , just to have it enabled . google uses the known locations of wifi points to help its gps calculation ( do not know if anyone else does , mind you )
if you go into maps on your phone , press menu , press latitude , press yourself , press " view your location history " , then press menu you should see an option to change your home and office/school locations .
you can manually set the location using an igoogle gadget or through firefox . what you are probably seeing when the location is " one block away " is that gps is not actually turned on on the handset . the phone is probably using positioning that is determined used cell phone tower location , so it will get you in roughly the correct place , but not the exact location you would expect if gps was turned on .
i was hoping to be able to programmatically suppress the default " my files " system app from starting when a usb storage device is plugged in , but it looks like it is not possible . however , i did find a workaround . first i installed a new file manager/explorer from the market ( i used es file explorer ) . then i went to android settings -> applications and then selected the my files app from the list and disabled it . now it no longer interferes with my own application that i am developing for my usb storage device . not the ideal solution , but it works for now .
depending on your device ( does it support usb otg ) and your kernel ( does it support usb audio ) you could probably use any usb class compliant usb interface . you also need to use software that can " talk " to the usb audio device . one that worked for me was the shure x2u with one xlr input and a stereo output . i used it to record high quality audio ; it also plays back all my music when plugged in . the device i am using does not have a sim card so i do not know if this also works for phone calls . look at this android enthusiasts post for more info . edit : at the moment it is quite hard to find out if those things work on a specific device . manufacturers do not include the necessary data in their specifications . if your kernel does not support usb audio you can try others but most kernel threads on xda developers do not give information on usb audio so trying yourself is the best option .
the risk of really " bricking " a phone is not that high as it may seem , at least with more recent models , as there are multiple levels of safety-guards in place : if you break your regular system , there is a fallback possible to the recovery mode . if that is broken as well , there are things like fastboot in place . only if you break the lowest level , and e.g. flash an incompatible radio image ( the radio image is the layer bridging the hardware to a software layer , to simplify the explanation -- see also al 's comparision with the pc 's bios in his comment to your question : if the bios is broken , you no longer can start your computer ) , your device is really " bricked " . to understand the difference , you should also see what is different between installing your " desktop os " on a computer and flashing your android device : installing your desktop os works on a file level . that is , you boot from e.g. a dvd , and then copy files to your harddisk . on android , flashing a rom means to copy the entire file system at once . and you cannot boot a live system from dvd or the like -- especially when newer devices like the nexus 4 come without even a sdcard slot .
go in your lock screen settings and access the lock screen widget settings from there .
partial answer - this link shows how to open subfolders on the galaxy s3 . but it does not work on my galaxy advance with android 2.3.6 . the native mail app seems only to display top level folders . k9 works better .
according to whatsapp 's faq , you may need to refresh the list . you also will still see the deleted contact if there are past chats you have had with that contact . how do i delete a contact ? the contacts that you see in whatsapp come from your address book . there is no way to directly edit the select contact screen . to delete a contact from the whatsapp contact list , you will need to delete the contact from your phone 's address book . in order to find the whatsapp contact in your phone 's address book : find the contact in the select contact page . tap on the contact . then tap on the name at the top . on the contact info page , go to [ menu button ] > [ view in address book ] . from there you can find the option to delete the contact from your address book . then , refresh your whatsapp contact list by opening whatsapp > [ compose button ] > [ menu button ] > [ refresh ] if you still see the contact , it is likely that you are seeing the conversation on your chats screen . simply tap and hold on the contact and then select [ delete chat ] to delete a chat .
i had a similar issue with the in call volume . i restarted my phone in safe mode , and it fixed the issue . to restart the phone is safe mode , hold the power button to turn off phone . hold the power off option for a few seconds and reboot to safe mode . the problem should be fixed once you delete any apps that crash in safe mode . restart the phone and the volume should be much louder .
you can tune volume level for lots of things in your device with es task manager . go to Power Optimizer > Other ( in the bottom right corner ) > Volume . here you can tune the volume level for incoming calls , notifications , medias ( music and video ) , alarm , volume during a call and system sounds .
call volume can be adjusted by using the volume rocker buttons only during a call . if not in a call , it adjusts ringer volume and if a media is played , it adjusts media volume . so , if you had mistakenly increased media or ringer volume then you might not have any effect on call volume . try making some calls and when it is dialing , press volume up to raise volume level . i am just saying all this because you said you are new ( though this is a common feature for other phones as well ) to android . if you had already done this and still you can not hear properly , i am afraid there are no further solutions to improve the volume . however , there are work around like using hands-free or headphones .
you can also use an app like volume control + to adjust different types of volumes : media , ring , notifications , in-call , alarm , system .
the nexus 10 has a-gps , so it can speed up the time to the first fix , either via gsm ( if it has one ) or via network from an assistance server . see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assisted_gps
the nexus 10 has agps and also a hardware gps built in .
yes , you can turn off " wi-fi and mobile network location " from settings , which disables a-gps features leaving you with plain , unassisted gps . you can read more from google nexus 10 help : manage location access
i believe nexus 10 has gps hardware which can provide location information without any aid from gsm or wi-fi sources - same as my nexus 7 wi-fi only model . i have used my nexus 7 on road ( without any data connection ) and used is gps capabilities . i am just wondering how a did you get this suspicion when the specification clearly says about availability of the gps ?
what you are looking for is called " permission manager " . while android itself does not ( yet ? ) provide such itself , there are several of them available , my list holds some of them . there are different approaches . while some simply " deny access " ( which might cause an app to crash , if the dev did not take " revoked"/"not granted " permissions into account , and did not place an exception handler for those cases ) , the majority rather replaces " real data " by " fake ones " . examples : network access : " we are currently offline " contacts , calendar : " the user has none " ( empty list ) imei : "0123456789" ( sometimes a total random number on each call , but other times a random imei is generated after each boot ) location : " not available " ( location services deactivated ) or " fake location " ( e . g . north pole ; some apps even allow to set your desired " fake location " and simulate movement in a specified radius ) a selection of popular " permission managers " includes : pdroid/openpdroid : effective , but hard to install . both require root and deodex ed rom , afaik openpdroid is even limited to cyanogenmod lbe privacy guard : proprietary solution made in china , which might raise some eyebrows . works great up to android 4.0 ; do not install with higher versions as it will only stick your device in a boot-loop then . root required . lbe security manager : successor of privacy guard , works with all current android versions . playstore version is in chinese only ; patched versions are available at xda for other languages . some feel this one a little overloaded , as it wants to be an all-in-one security suite covering a lot of stuff not everybody needs . root required . xprivacy : a module to the xposed framework . gives very granular control , but other than lbe you cannot configure it to " ask everytime " whether access should be allowed ( a feature i love about lbe ) . root required . app ops : with 4.3-jelly-bean , android had some permission management integrated but hidden from the user . there are several " app ops " front-ends available , not all of them require root . not all of them keep working with 4.4-kitkat , though , where this feature was " better protected " . not that granular , but much better than nothing if your device is not rooted . above mentioned list holds several more , but these are the best known . i personally use lbe privacy guard on my devices running 4.0 or lower . no app ever crashed on me for " disabled permissions " , so lbe imho uses the " fake permissions " approach . same afaik applies to the other solutions i have mentioned here .
this happens when you have driving mode enabled on the s3 . pull down the notifications bar , scroll to the right , and disable driving mode . that being said , on my s3 , when i reboot with driving mode on , it comes back with it still enabled though the menu says it is not . just enable it and disable it to make it go away then .
i found the solution for the problem , as i had the same issue . the problem for me was when i recieved calls from people that are linked to twitter . when i removed the twitter-association from the contacts it worked fine .
i get the same thing but only with skype calls - sometimes it just keeps ringing indefinitely . it does not lock the phone though . it seems to be worse when my 3g connection is bad or there is some sort of delay . if it is only happening with certain contacts , try to identify what all those contacts have in common . for example , android tries to show contacts ' facebook statuses etc when they ring - maybe it is having trouble sync'ing some piece of info like that ? try turning off sync for certain contact types ( in settings , account and sync ) .
select system settings , then turn off blocking mode ( under the device heading ) . you ( or someone ! ) might have accidentally pressed that button when scrolling down the list . you could go into it first and confirm that the ' set time ' is 19:30 ; if not then the problem is something else .
depending on the version of cyanogenmod rom you have currently installed , this can be easy or impossible . if you already have cm7 , and simply want to try out the nightly builds , rom manager and rom manager premium unlock automate the entire process . with a single button tap , it can download the latest version of the rom , reboot to recovery , take a backup of the current system , flash the new version , and reboot back . if you are on an older version of cm ( 4/5/6 ) this cannot be done in one click , because of the drastic differences between the roms . a full wipe of the device will be required , which means all of your settings and downloaded apps will be deleted , and will need to be re-installed manually ( or in batch via titanium backup or appbrain . )
thanks to doug plenty for providing the answer to me directly . this is the subject of an apple patent and over which they are suing htc ( amongst others ) who customise android in a way that the stock os does not dare . see for example http://mashable.com/2011/12/19/apple-patent-victory/
go into settings> applications select all applications . scroll the the very bottom of the list as you should see an app named " downloads " select it , and then change it from " disabled " to " enabled " .
if your device is rooted , you can use apps like autorun manager ( arm ) to list up all registered listeners , and even can disable/enable them at will ( e . g . to prevent a certain app from firing up at times you do not want it to ) . this would correspond to " clearing an association " .
you can remove some Intent associations by going to the specific app that you specified the Intent for in the Settings --> Applications --> Manager Applications --> [Find your app] --> "Clear Defaults" button . there is no way to view all associations given from Intents to Apps
i believe it is a no to both those questions . yes you can clear default associations only if you know which app is associated with with Intent ( you will still be prompted with the dialog asking you which app you had like to use with the current Intent ) . apart from that there is no way to clear associations . they are hard coded inside each app , there is no way to remove them . update : to answer your edited question head to settings > applications > manage applications find your application that you chose as your default app for that intent , click clear defaults
not possible at this time . this answer in the google support forums indicates that it can not be done , but that it will be forwarded on as a feature request .
things like this sometimes happen when something gets stuck in cache . to solve that , the easiest approach is : boot into recovery select to " wipe cache " which works for both , stock recovery ( aka "3e" ) and custom recoveries . of course , with a custom recovery you can also " wipe dalvik " – does not hurt , just causes a longer first-boot after that . side effect might even be improved performance , especially when you frequently install/update/uninstall apps , as this wipe forces the entire dalvik cache to be rebuilt cleanly . the important part however is the " normal cache " , where it is more common that " things get stuck " .
if you use cyanogenmod there is Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Quiet Hours .
there are several automation apps in the playstore which deal with this kind of subject . some of them are simply time-based ( which would match your question ) , such as e.g. timeriffic 1 -- others additionally can react on other conditions like location , calendar and more ( e . g . myprofiles 2 ) . the top end of flexibility can be reached with tasker -- there is almost nothing this app could not do . it needs some time to get used to , and costs some money , but for sure it is worth it . there are a lot of more apps like the mentioned ones , so just take them as examples for further " investigation " in the playstore . there also is a german listing on androidpit ( automatisierung -- profile-switcher and co -- google translate version ) to give you a faster start looking for alternatives .
depending on the app you use , it may be in a different folder . i know when i am looking for a file ( photo or download ) , i have to check my internal partition " download " folder , my external ( sd card ) " download " folder , or sometimes even on the root of either partition . if you used a standard browser ( stock browser , opera , firefox , chrome , etc ) , they all should have their own in-app download manager that lists the files you have downloaded . you should be able to open the file within the browser app ; if you can not , then you know the file is not downloaded .
the build you flashed appears to have an associated xda thread . the first post of that thread ( by the rom 's creator ) contains this a little ways down : - flash this if your are having root issues - http://goo-inside.me/superuser/superuser-3.0.7-efghi-signed.zip i would start there , and see if it resolves the problem . you should just need to download the zip file and flash it from recovery ( i can not test this myself , unfortunately . i do not own an sgs ) . edit : this looks like it may be a common problem with that particular build . there are some posts toward the end of the thread where people are saying they can not get root to work either . another post has a flashable zip file attached that is apparently intended to fix the issue as well .
basically , yes . that is samsung 's ui/framework , touchwiz . other manufacturers have their own uis as well , including htc 's sense and motorola 's motoblur . the nexus s has the " stock " android ui .
use framaroot to unroot it you can install the apk and run , it will show option to root it or unroot it and you can check the unroot your phone will be back to normal as you got it from factory
download supersu from play store and try again . or re root your device using original method .
if your launcher includes an " activity browser " ( as e.g. nova launcher and apex launcher do ) , this is easy to achieve : just long-press on an empty place of your homescreen , select to add an activity . activity selector in apex launcher ( click image for full size variant ) each app that provides activities ( that is , basically , a screen to interact with the user ) , should be listed here together with all the activities ( screens ) it offers . scroll the list until you find the app you want to add to your homescreen , then open the list containing its activities ( in the screenshot , the arrows on the left border indicate whether the list is opened ( up-arrow ) or closed ( down-arrow ) ) . if there is only one activity shown ( screenshot-example : locmgrpt ) , that is probably the one you need . simply tap it , and the icon should appear on your homescreen . if , on the other hand , multiple entries are shown ( as for locmgrpd in the screenshot ) , you might need to try until you find the correct one . often , the activity name helps you sorting out unlikely candidates . if you have found your target , you will have a corresponding shortcut on your homescreen . other than a simple " app start icon " , this is a " shortcut " , i.e. you could even jump directly to a " sub-screen " of the app . and there are even more uses for your findings : having the activity name , you could have that activity launched automatically using e.g. tasker , or call it from the command-line using a terminal app or adb . if your launcher does not support adding activities this way ( just apps , widgets , and shortcuts ) , take a look at activity launcher to substitute for this feature . additional highlight : it even allows you to chose an icon of your choice .
it turns out that on the galaxy note 3 that the voice recorder app is hidden away inside a folder called , simply , " samsung " . there is no visual distinction between a folder and between an app , so i had no reason to suspect that there was anything of value or interest to be had by clicking the icon named samsung .
i have had this issue and there are 3 ways to try to get around this . you will need a custom recovery to attempt 1 . or you can use odin alternatively for 2 . below . the superSU binaries are often ( but not always ) installed via recovery and the app itself gives this option . when superSU asks you to update the binaries , rather than select ' normal ' select ' recovery ' and see if it can install that way . flash superSU.zip directly in your recovery or Odin . here is the link to chainfire 's latest version . i have tried this myself and it fixed the issue for me on a number of devices . install an alternative super user app from the market . ( this can be messy , and you need to ensure superSU is completely removed )
" starred in android " is a special group . you do not add a person to the group through the groups interface , but by tapping the little star on the contact profile on your phone . that sorts them to the top of the " favorites " list . there is no concept of a starred contact on the web app side , so i guess they decided to create this special group . ( in fact , from what i recall , this group will not be created until you actually " star " a contact . ) so , do not scroll to the bottom of your contact to try to add them to the " starred in android " group . scroll to the top and tap the star .
it is operator-related . although the phone can support conference calling , most consumer calling plans do not let you do that .
for the camera in jelly bean it is a little easier : open the camera app tap the " circle " in the lower right to open the menu choose settings make sure the toggle for " store location " is set to off i understand the camera for jelly bean 4.3 is a little different ( it presents the options as an arc instead of a circle ) but the steps should be the same .
this video seems to cover it : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luv31pkozcgfeature=player_embedded to recap : open camera app open menu tap " tags " uncheck auto-location tag done .
32gb lexar microsdhc class 10 card . with sd tools benchmark i get 23.7 mb/s read and 9.1 mb/s write performance on cyanogenmod 7.1-rc1 . on stock 2.2 rom it had considerably lower values with read even less than write . the benchmark is run just after reboot to prevent caching mechanisms inflating the real values .
htc desire hd and htc inspire 4g supports sd cards up to 32gb capacity . but 64gb is not supported . i have checked it by myself . so you can buy 32gb card and be sure that it will work .
i have a 8gb class 10 microsdhc in my desire .
16gb microsdhc here with no problems .
the " hc " in every sd-card name simply means " high capacity " - i.e. every sd card with more than 8gb is a SDHC card . every " sdhc " card is sd-standart 2.0 ( "sd 2.0" ) . which means your device is compatible with a microSDHC card up to 32 gb .
in general , you can assume that " sd " refers to " sdhc " . it is the standard . if your phone supported sdxc , it would definitely be advertised .
the htc desire supports only microsd and microsdhc up to 32gb . sdxc is still relatively new and at present no handsets support it .
yes this is possible . power adapter can be plugged into tablet or dock . it is possible to charge the tablet from the dock while the dock is being charged , remove the tablet , use tablet , return to dock for charging . hope this helps pete
if you are on jelly bean and rooted you can use an app i built to manage notifications for all applications from a single place . notifications off allows you to turn off notifications for all applications . it can also automatically disable notifications for new apps as soon as they are installed . the next version will have support for profiles , tasker integration and a widget for switching profiles .
to turn off notifications for google+ , open the google+ app , press menu-> settings-> notifications , then press the on/off toggle in the top right . to turn off notifications for gmail/google apps mail , open the gmail app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , uncheck the checkbox that says : email notifications to turn off notifications for google talk , open the google talk app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , press im notifications and select off , and the same for video chat notifications to turn off notifications for google voice , open the google voice app , press menu-> settings-> sync and notifications , and uncheck the boxes for text and voicemail notifications . note : this is based on android 4.0+ , some of these apps ( especially google talk ) may function differently on pre-ics .
actually , on jelly bean ( 4.1.1 ) , it is Gmail &gt; Settings &gt; **username@gmail.com** &gt; Notifications .
just upgraded to 4.3 and for me this setting was in the " hangouts " app .
launch the google play store app and hit menu then settings . . then go to google admob ads and uncheck .
from my experience i would guess you have bought a device imported by a private store rather from a local carrier , the people where you bought it should have replaced the stock rom into a hebrew supporting one after opening the package . i had the same thing done to my device after purchase and it will not void your warranty in any way . either ask them to do so or just root your device and flash a hebrew rom from the web ( may void warranty ) .
the just-announced android 2.3 has a much-improved keyboard . the nexus one will almost certainly get gingerbread , and sooner than most . however , you can get the gingerbread keyboard on your phone now . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.moo.android.inputmethod.latin.free
i recommend thickbuttons keyboard which i have been using for years . free tool , and it uses predictive text algorithm to enlarge the most-probable keys for the next character . really good for my fat fingers and thumbs .
there are a ton of keyboard apps out there -- check out the market for both free and paid . i hate tapping and tapping , and there are at least two slide-the-finger virtual keyboards available : swype is my favorite -- but that is only been out in a limited beta for android , so far . maybe again . . . . shapewriter is a good substitute . . . but that is off the market due to a post-merger company re-org ( kids , this is why flos is a good idea ) . hit up google , and you will find a few people that have the . apk available , though . here 's one ( as of sept 2 , 2010 ) . jetkeys is one of the weirdest that i have seen . not a glider -- touch in the center of key , then slide in a direction to select alternate characters . great idea , weird to use . i have some more notes in a blog post .
there should be some stuff on xda developers ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=560 ) just do some searching at that link . i have seen droid keyboards floating around and i bet someone has one ported for the nexus . i would also check out swype ( have to go to their website to get it http://www.swypeinc.com/ ) and swiftkey beta ( can be downloaded from marketplace . both of these are the best keyboards i have used because they both allow quick typing and are not overly annoying with suggestions .
you can try slideit from the android market : - https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dasur.slideit.vt.litefeature=search_result its much better than swype in my experience !
ah , supersu you clever girl ! apparently greenify was updated and it was constantly asking for root access . the prompt woke up the tablet each time . boy do i feel silly now !
instead of mount -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  try mount -o rw,remount /system 
to fix my device i did the following : pull the battery to get the device to stay off ( if you are quick you might be able to hold the power button and select shut down before it reboots ) while the device is off hold both volume buttons and the power button . this will bring up a bootloader menu use the volume buttons to change selection to " recovery mode " press power button to select once there is an android guy with an exclamation on the screen press volume up+power at the same time . i had to try a few times to get it to work . seems like you have to hit them in just the right way . this will bring you to another menu that you navigate with volume buttons and select with power . choose " factory reset " wait several minutes for the reset to complete . once it is done select reboot . at this point my device booted back up fine but was still stuck in a boot loop . i panicked slightly get the device to the off state again . either by pulling the battery or holding power and selecting shut down from the menu quickly while it is actually on . i went with the latter this time , though i did have to be quick about it to not be interrupted by a reboot . press the power button to begin turning the device on when you see the " google " logo press and hold the volume down button . continue holding the volume down button until the device is fully up and running . you should see " safe mode " in the lower left corner . while in safe mode my device did not reboot itself . i took this opportunity to complete all of the device setup menus once done setting up the device i turned it off and back on in the normal manner once it came back up it was no longer stuck in boot-loop . note : i factory reseted the device because it is not the phone i carry and it had nothing i cared about on it . if you are having this issue with your real phone i suggest trying safe mode before resetting as the actual reset did not seem to fix it .
there is not any workaround to allow ms office to be installed on an android os . i would suggest trying google docs instead . you get the same functionality such as a word processor and spreadsheet software just like in ms office and you can save them as ms office file types as well . you can create and edit documents and spreadsheets from your mobile chrome browser or the google drive app . the desktop version of chrome will let you edit and create documents , spreadsheets , presentation , drawing and more . hopefully , this will meet your needs . if not , there are plenty of alternatives in the play store that will give you ms office-like functionality . some of them are pretty good and all of them are super cheap when compared to the cost of ms office .
i know that it is possible to use two messaging programs in same time ( like two browsers ) , but i do not think it is possible to one program handles messages from one person and other program handles for other person .
open the script up using an app , such as root explorer , and add the line su to the beginning , and try again .
try running su from the terminal first , then run ubuntu.sh again .
there is a nice german tutorial on androidpit ( same page using google translate ) , explaining this in detail . moreover , you might want to check with the q and a how to check success status of opened url in tasker ? .
locale the best by far . well worth the $ . nothing else is a question .
i was not able to find a free solution so i am doing exactly what you are looking for with tasker . when my work calendar shows me in a meeting it turns the ringer to vibrate .
here 's a few . . . free : soundmanager silencr paid : audiomanager pro $1.99 volume / mode scheduler $2.99 edit : just realized you may have been looking for something more robust than just a sound profile manager/scheduler . chronos ( $0.99 ) and chronos lite ( free ) appear to do similar things to tasker and are much cheaper but they do not have the best reviews . i have not used them but they may be worth a shot . ( my 2 cents : just get tasker )
there are several possibilities : manually setting all volumes to 0 , except for those channels you want to keep ( e . g . alerts , notifications , system ) . issue : on some devices/systems some channels seem to be " locked together " , so as soon as e.g. volume for calls is increased , some other slider increases automatically along . an app like audio control might help on that . same thing , but use some automation tool ( e . g . tasker ) . this might work-around the slider-lock . disabling notifications from the app ( might not work if the app does not count that as " notification" ) if root access is available : replace/remove the corresponding sound file ( credits go to dan for this ) using a helper like app override . unfortunately this is no longer available on google play , so i linked to the original thread on xda .
if it happened only once , it might have been a battery calibration error . this seems to be a defective battery . i would send the device back , if i were you . the drop seems to be too steep to be from a continuous drain ( like wifi ) .
i have got the same problem since some weeks ago ; it is the same , the wifi remains connected even when the screen is off . . . one friend solved it removing the outlook app but i am not using it . ( i am suspecting the simpsons game . )
the second image , which shows the battery go down to 0% shows that wifi is what used all the battery . it seems that the battery stats do not show its " progress " to 0% , maybe because the device was in " stand by " mode , but still connected to wifi . wifi is a big drain on your battery even when the device is not used . there are applications that will still use the data connected ( wifi or mobile ) even when the screen is off .
the problem has been reported and seems like it might be solved with some release in the mean while , an alternative would be : label contacts rather than put them in folder
no , it does not need root you can test the app on your phone ( but if it needs root in any way you need it ) , or you can test it in the android virtual machine that comes with the dev tools .
no , you do not need to be rooted to develop apps . apps are developed on the pc with the android sdk and you only test them on your phone .
root is not required to develop android application . the android sdk comes with an emulator that can run a virtual android device on your computer and test your application there . however you can hook up a real android device to your computer and enable a feature called usb debugging . for pre-jellybean phones this is accessible in developer options that should be visible in the settings app . for jellybean and up phones , you need to go to about phone and tap on build number a few times . then developer options should appear and you can enable usb debugging from there . an android phone is already prone to malware if external sources are enabled . use the google play store and always read the reviews . if an app wants root privileges , the phone will ask you first , so do not worry . however if you allow it , you are on your own . the app has full control over every aspect of your phone . your phone will need to be rooted if you are going to use root features in it ( obviously ) hope i helped .
android 's documentations only mention client and server relationship so it is more important to determine which device is the client and which is the server . the device that initiates the connection is the client while the other is server . someone says that the master is usually the client while the slave is the server but i am not sure if that applies for all cases .
there are 2 versions of galaxy tab2 7 - wifi only and wifi+3g . 3g version just has a slot to insert your sim card ( near sd slot ) and turns your tablet into really big smartphone : ) i have also read , that 3g version is available only in europe .
make sure you have supersu installed from playstore . you mentioned root checker said not proper root access , means it did not ask access to check . i highly recommend supersu instead of superuser etc .
you need to fully drain you devices battery until it turns off by itself at then plug it in the outlet and leave it overnight . explanation : battery needs to be calibrated especially if you are not charging the battery to a full 100% . tips : charge your battery to 100% at least a week : ) ample power company suggests : conditioning batteries how do batteries that are only four months old die ? perhaps they were not broken in properly ; maybe they sat deeply discharged for a few days or more ; perhaps they were allowed to self-discharge . there is plenty of ways to murder batteries . all batteries that refuse to accept a charge are not necessarily ready for the scrap heap . often , a deep discharge followed by a slow charge will recover lost capacity and charge acceptance .
that is really not normal . the phone should behave completely normally right up to the point it turns itself off . since it is still under warranty , you should make a warranty claim . trying to fix it yourself ( or taking it to someone else to fix ) will void the warranty , and might not fix the problem , which would leave you worse off than you started . from what you have described it is not possible to tell where the source of the fault is . if you have a friend with an s3 you could borrow , you could try their battery in your phone to see what difference that makes ; but if you make a warranty claim , they will likely want to test both the phone and the battery , even if you think you have isolated the cause yourself .
maybe shadowsocks ? there are different os client/servers , even for routers . http://www.shadowsocks.org/
i am not absolutely sure , but i believe that that is a feature of samsung 's touchwiz ( proprietary build of android ) and only works select samsung tablets/phones , among them the galaxy s5/4 , note 3 . the lg g flex also boasts to have " dual window " , and lg g pro 2 has qslide for limited multitasking . other aftermarket android projects are working on it ( omnirom , paranoidandroid ) but that still requires a rooted device . the next best thing are " floating " apps , like floating apps ( free , $1.99 ) or tiny apps ( free , $2.03 ) . these apps create smaller windows that float over all other applications allowing you to interact with multiple apps simultaneously .
the samsung note 10.1 , 10.1 2014 , and 8 as well as the samsung note 12 pro are all samsung tablets that support multi window . also , in addition to the list provided in the answer prior to mine , the note 2 phablet has multi window ( note that not so apps can use multi window on the samsung devices though ) . there are also at least a few apps that you can download on most android devices ( not sure if they are usable on old versions of android ) that give you some multi window functionality , but typically only a few apps are supported and there seem to be many apps labeled multi window that are ripoffs so you have to carefully research each first . a few that appear good based on my research are multitasking and ixonos .
thanks to @danhulme in the comments . he asked me if the phone registered a connection in the notification bar and it did not . i wiggled the cable then pushed it all the way to the left and the phone was detected by windows . must be a dirty or failing micro-usb port . if cleaning it does not work i will be returning the phone under warranty .
there are apparently lot of quack cables out there that will charge the phones nicely but when it comes to data transfer will not meet the protocol needs and usb will not detect anything connected on the usb device driver to kick in at all . i struggled with a bunch of cables in my house for months . yes countless hours trying to figure out why the heck my windows 7 will not detect at all , to the point where i said i am giving up on android and going iphone . thankfully luckily i decided to try one new cable and lo and behold , two different phones immediately got recognized on windows 7 ( an lg and a nexus ) . so even though it sounds dumb , these darn cables are a major culprit ( or the connector jack/pins rather ) .
i did not test that , but you did not quote the command – so su -c just got the command pm to execute , while everything behind that got passed as additional parameters to adb shell . and shell does not know anything about " disable " . adb shell su -c "pm disable com.google.android.gsf/.update.SystemUpdateService$Receiver"  should fix that – and pass the complete command ( -c stands for " execute command" ) to su as one parameter .
this is the highest rated app i found appbrain : http://www.appbrain.com/app/pubtran-london/cz.fhejl.pubtran.london here 's the search i used : http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=tflsort=highest-rated
the one that used to be called transport for london is now called london underground and now has pay and ad supported versions . http://www.appbrain.com/app/london-underground-free/com.visualit.tubelondoncity
this is a play store issue . it has been acknowledged by google and they are looking at it . there is no fix or workaround at the moment .
this error has been noticed recently . the other day , i was trying to update the Samsung Push app , but it kept on failing . so , i just kept trying to update it , despite the frustrations . eventually , it updated successfully . maybe it is just a google play issue . update 2013-08-13: from al 's comments , google has officially recognized this issue , as is in fact listed in google support . we’ve received reports that some users are getting " package file invalid " while trying to download or update apps . we’re currently investigating a permanent solution , and there are no workarounds at this time . we’ll continue to update this page with developments , so check back soon . edit #1: oops , looks like my update has been mentioned in bmdixon 's answer already . update 2013-08-15: as of this time , google has already fixed the issue . source .
no . there are alternative , customisable sms apps though , like chompsms or handcent sms .
instead of having no ringtone assigned to it , get a short silent ringtone ( such as the ones found here and use that to set a silent ring .
from whatsapp 's faq : " online " and " last seen at " are timestamps that tell you whether that your contacts are online , or the last time they were connected to whatsapp . " last seen at " refers to the time the contact left whatsapp . you can also think of this as " went offline at " so having the app open would still show you as " online " , but does not mean that any messages are being sent . note that even then , the timestamp might still be incorrect .
the whatsapp last seen timing is actually when was the last time the contact was seen online , or last used whatsapp . it is a time stamp that is generated by the whatsapp server . there are actually apps that track last seen timings of contacts , like this one called spyder . it is pretty cool ! it is like an msn console that shows which of your friends are online right now !
you could start off by checking if this is a problem with the messaging app itself . install an alternative sms app ( i use go sms pro myself ) . if all 's fine with the alternative app , and you do not mind using it ( they are much more powerful anyway ) , problem solved . otherwise , you could try out what patchie is suggesting .
i would re install android to the newest version . either do it yourself , or go to a phone shop and pay 10$ or so for them to reinstall your phone . if this solves your problem , it was a cheap fix . if it did not work , you can go back to the phone shop where you bought the phone and make them fix it in guarantee . if you want to try to download and install an awesome rom for your phone , you should read this : http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices/samsung-galaxy-s2
it turns out that the solution to this is rather easy , but scarcely documented . to switch between forward-is-up and north-is-up , simply tap the red/white compass needle in the upper left hand corner of the screen .
as far as i know , the default ssh port is 22 on ubuntu , just as " lie ryan " pointed out . you might want to check your sshd_config files on your pc , if you want to take a look at this article , it specifies on how to change the default ssh configuration on ubuntu--as well as the official documentation . beyond that , check your current firewall settings , you might be able to open that specific port temporarily to ssh-type service if you want to confirm that it is not something else . aside from that , it seems to me that this question was asked more than 6 months ago ; if the op has not figured it out by now , i doubt he will be interested to pursue it further . i suggest either accept an answer , provide update on the situation since , or perhaps close the question . edit : depending on your android ssh-server app , and whether or not you are running it with su privileges , this is from the " quicksshd " website : non-root users are limited to ports &lt ; 1024 and the quicksshd application user , which can read and write to the sd card .
the default ssh port is 22 not 2222 , perhaps that is the root cause of the issue ? try connecting on port 22 .
i had the same problem and resetting the device fixed the issue . give that a try .
features appbrain has that the market site does not : ability to save lists and keep them private or share them appbrain reviews on top of market reviews more sharing options more filtering options for browsing lists of popular apps app recommendations based on what you have installed shows the total amount you have spent on paid apps features the market site has that appbrain does not : two added categories : widgets and live wallpapers ability to install to device from websites without having to have an addon app that you have to periodically reauthorize like appbrain easily choose which device to install to if you have multiple devices ability to buy apps from the site shows videos that the developers have added to their market page these are all obviously subject to change .
mathijs vogelzang , developer of appbrain.com, answers ( well tries to ) this question in this article .
in the handset applications , appbrain does everything that the android market app does , and adds filtering options such as price , popularity , etc . that the android market app does not ( at this time ) . appbrain also offers the ability to follow others and share app lists .
you already have a working vcard file ( . vcf ) , just import it using gmail 's web interface . if this vcf is still bad , you can apply simple text processing ( regex search and replace ) to it before importing it to google . here are the steps to import a vcard file into gmail using the web interface . here 's an excerpt from google 's help : click gmail at the top-left corner of your gmail page , then choose contacts . click the more actions dropdown menu and select import . . . . click the choose file button and locate the vcard file you had like to upload . select the file and click the import button .
you could also take a look at the contact cleaner app for an initial cleanup . not sure how much help that will be in your case ( with the linkedin stuff it does not care about ) . another thing to consider : temporarily remove the linkedin " provider " from your configuration-> accounts ( if it is still left there after you uninstalled the connected app ) may get rid you of all the linkedin-connections ( at least it works this way with some xing stuff ; not sure about linkedin as i do not use it ) -- and probably restore them without duplication when you re-add it ( make a backup before trying this ) . i am aware this does not completely answer your question , but it may solve a big deal of your problem concerning the size of your contact database , giving you at least a " partly relieve " and more time to consider a final approach .
check your picasa web album . i found that when i deleted my profile photo there , i was freed . . . finally ! it took several minutes to update .
i just ran into this same issue . i think it is because i had a contact for myself in gmail that did not match the capitalization that the gmail app ( or maybe just android ) uses for your personal email address ( all lower case for me ) . in any case , here 's the steps i took that fixed it for me . i am running jelly bean , so it may be a little different for you . open the gmail app tap the gmail icon in the top left corner and take note of the capitalization of your email address on the top left open an email that you sent tap on the place where your picture would be ( it should be a picture of the first letter of your first name ) tap on your profile picture in the popup to go to the contact details choose " edit " from the setting dropdown in the top right corner ( the 3 vertical dots ) change your email address to all lower case ( or maybe whatever showed up in step 2 . if one does not work , try the other . ) tap " done " at the top left . this fixed it inside my email . in order to also fix it in the email list , i had to also do the following . go to gmail 's " app info " page . ( under phone settings -> apps -> " all " tab for me ) tap " clear data " once the numbers finish calculating ( and ok on the warning popup ) open the gmail app and wait for your emails to re-sync enjoy your face you handsome devil . hopefully this works for you or anyone else that stumbles across this thread .
in gmail ( on the web ) you go to settings -> general . under there is " my picture " . excerpt from gmail help : click the gear icon at the top of any gmail page . click mail settings . from the my picture section , click select a picture . the upload a picture window appears . upload a new photo from your computer , or select a photo from picasa web albums or your previous google profile photos . drag the selected region to crop your photo , or resize the region by clicking and dragging one of the region corners . click edit photo in picnik to edit your photo . click set as profile photo . you can select whether you had like all gmail users to see your picture , or only those who you have allowed to chat with you , using the radio buttons next to your uploaded photo on your settings page . visible to everyone means anyone who you email , or who emails you , can see your picture . if you have a public google profile without a photo and you choose this option , your picture will be used on your google profile and will be visible to others there . visible only to people i can chat with includes users who have been given permission to see when you are online and to chat with you . as of the time that i am writing this , i believe that the gmail picture and the google+ picture are still separate from each other , but google+ profile picture , iirc , defaulted to this image . i want to add that ics added the " me " contact . from what i know , this contact is tied to your google+ account , and no one has seem to find a way to edit the info without deleting the contact and re-adding it .
i tried the other suggested answers but nothing worked . i then simply sent an email to myself to see if my avatar would show up as the sender , it did , and all other emails in my inbox refreshed and it showed my avatar from then on .
if you are rooted , the best way to check is to go to /system and open build . prop , and then check if there is a line called ro.sf.lcd_density . this will give you the current lcd density , and you can even change it if you want .
i have created small app to check phone screen density . you could check it . phone density information
you probably have a diagonal screen size , and a resolution . use the pythagorean theorem on the resolution and divide the result by the screen size to get the dpi . for example , my vibrant is 4" , 800x480 . sqrt ( 800 2 + 480 2 ) / 4 = ~233 dpi .
even a cheap tablet with no official specs normally mentions the screen resolution on the box , did not yours ? if not , then you could visit a web page like http://www.whatismyscreenresolution.com/ ( there are many other similar websites out there ) or install an app like android system info that will tell you your resolution as well as your dpi . the dpi is just a measurement of how many pixels there are on an inch of your screen , so if you know your screen resolution , you can measure the size of your screen and calculate the dpi from there to get the actual density .
i have replaced rom in my mobile using odin and downloaded official jelly bean firmware from here and installed by following instructions i was able to succesfully flash the jelly bean released on nov 11 2013 and after flashing i did following wiped user data ( factory reset ) wiped cache partition now it is working like charm
for auto backup access there are several options open to you . phone : select the gallery app which should bring up a listing of your albums . one of your albums will be titled auto backup ( assuming you have photos/videos in the album - otherwise the album will not appear ) . website : google+ auto backup website : picasa web
you can access them from the google+ website . there is an auto backup album under photos .
one way to do that is using tasker together with the secure settings addon . but this requires your device to be rooted since , um , ics at least ( android no longer permits apps to switch gps as it did with e.g. froyo and before ) . you could configure a condition for " boot completed " , with a task to disable gps . so it would be disabled at startup , and not touched from then on . you might even want to go a step further , and let tasker automatically switch gps back on as soon as you start selected apps ( useful for e.g. maps ) -- so you would not even need to remember turning it back on when needed . tasker and the secure settings addon ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) apart from that , once you have got used to setting up profiles with tasker , you will find many more things you can automate with it . sure , the app has its price ( worth every cent of it ) , and takes a little time to get used to . to first try it out , you will find a free trial on the homepage , working for 7 days . if that seems to short , here 's what the dev himself recommends : take care to export your configuration before the 7 days are up . then , at the end of the test period , uninstall tasker , re-install it , and import the saved backup -- you are ready for another 7 days then : )
here is what is happening the update somehow unmounted and mounted partitons improperly . you will have to install ( flash ) custom recovery ( twrp , cwm , or other ) . go into the mount option to toggle settings . i do not know exactly which partition ( i think it was /data ? ? ? ) got mounted or unmounted , so i can not help you there . but i had the same problem when i got an upate on my acer iconia a500 . my 16gb turned into 1.2gb ! ! ! it took a little bit , but finally got it figured out . good luck ! !
disclamer - i dont have enough rep to place comments - so here is a suggestion . i have been looking around and found a blog from a user with your same device has got this thing rooted successfully here : http://androidxda.com/download-root-genius comment from user here : http://forums.androidcentral.com/ask-question/410785-need-help-rooting-envizen-tablet.html i suggest get your device rooted and then install ( clear some temp files before installing if you can . . . ) the disk utility from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.diskusagehl=en from there you can see where your data is being used . . . ps : you dont necessary need root priv 's to get this utility working however i am presuming you have flashed this thing to perhaps to death and may have lot of old data which may be stored from within the system data part of your android device .
looks like the cause of you problem might be : your sd card is corrupted or with some problem your version of android is very outdated and might have bugs try to use another sd card , if you get the same problems then i highly recommend you to flash a custom rom like cyanogenmod 7 for example . here you can get some tutorials about how to make it update xperia x8 with official firmwares or custom firmwares
i solved my problem by going to Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage and unmounted then remounting the card .
i faced the same issue at least couple of times , but now its stable . i also have android 2.1 update 1 version on my phone . i strongly recommend you back up all your data ( call logs , messages , bookmarks , contacts and market apps ) to a pc . after backing up your data try the following : reset the settings ( settings -> privacy -> settings reset ) . it is going to restart the phone . let it restart the phone . if step 1 does not help then do factory reset ( settings -> factory data reset ) . it is going to remove all the data from your phone . if still no help then use sony ericsson update service to flash the stock ( original ) rom into your mobile . please format , remove and reinsert the sd card into your mobile . you can try nathan 's solution , but your phone 's hardware should support the latest android versions ( > = android 2.2 ) otherwise there are custom roms . as far as i know your phone 's hardware will not support higher versions of android . it allows you to flash the custom rom but you will be able to use very minimal features of that android .
this could be a hardware issue . if the sd card is continually failing / un-mounting like this , try another sd card , and try the first sd card in another device . if the first card fails in the second device , it is the card . ( cards are cheaper to replace , so hope it is this . ) if the second card fails in the xperia x8 , it is probably hardware related . i would not root and mod to attempt to solve this problem as it is more likely to be hardware/warranty related .
my understanding is that its operator defined per all the discussion i have seen around this , and does seem to be correct when i consider that on tmobile in the uk i can send a picture file around 258kb - with 640*480 dimension jpeg without any issue - which is plenty big enough for phones . i have checked to see if its working on a standard algorithm by using a much smaller picture file and size , however it still created a mms around 200kb ( around half the file size of the original picture ) , suggestion the algorithm is dynamic when it compresses the photo . further suggesting it really is operator defined .
go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Music player -&gt; Clear defaults . this will clear the association between the music player and mp3 files . now , if you open an mp3 file , it will ask you what app do you want to use to open it , and you have the option of setting a new default app . ps : this works with any application you have installed
the only way is likely going to where you went today . it will be very diificult to find it without network connection . lookout plan b would have helped you if your device had got something to manage sms but it is a tablet .
i was having that problem , and the solution that helped me was to charge up the battery completely , then use the recovery boot menu to wipe battery stats . then , i used the phone until the battery died and the phone shut itself off . during that time , it is important to not plug in your phone to usb or charger , it has to drain continuously . then you can charge it back up again and use it as normal . it should help to make the battery percentage more accurate , and to drop in a more stable way .
you cannot change the font on some books if it is using an older format . because those books are older topaz format instead of newer azw format . you can not change the font type with the topaz format , although you can still change the font size . if you look at the content of kindle with your computer , you will notice that the books with the older topaz format has . tpz extension while the newer azw format has . azw extension .
it sounds like the directory that emulator resides in is not in your path . the path is not updated by the installation of the sdk .
you should not have &lt;angle brackets&gt; around the filename . they are used in examples to show you that you need to change that part of the command ( to the avd name you chose ) , and you should not type them in .
yes , 3g traffic will go through your vpn if it is set up correctly . whether or not your service provider supports that is another matter ; some block vpn traffic ( such as verizon - see this thread ) .
ok . i have found the answer , at least for that rom : in the /system/build.prop file in the zip file , the first " section " has build properties , which details all the information that is visible in the " about phone " part . this is an example of it here :
only dual-transfer mode phones and networks can use both voice and data at the same time . i can not find any hard details on the desire hd but i assume it is not dtm enabled/capable .
press 3 line button beside ttpod to open the menu press " settings " press " downloads " press " audio auto download directory " and select where you want to save your files
i found a way to establish a working teamviewer connection between my android tablet and my windows pc . i use mhotspot to create a wifi hotspot on my windows laptop and connect my android tablet to this new hotspot . teamviewer is accepting this way immediately .
the 1st thing to do is 1 . connect your android device with your lap or pc using wifi hotspot . 2 . turn off your mobile internet which was shared with the connected lap/pc . this makes sure that no internet is shared and only the network connection remains between these devices . 3 . once these 2 steps are done properly , the teamviewer id changed from number ( eg:164716358 ) to its local ip address ( eg:192.168.43.118 ) . so connecting with this ip address connects the mobile and lap/pc using wifi and this allows remote desktop connection . but still using this method file transfer was not successful , still remote desktop connection was successful , which solved my issue after lot of research :d
there is another android application , named bluetooth remote pc , which will give you the remote connection to your laptop by using either your android cell phone 's bluetooth or wifi connection .
for that you need the full version of teamviewer . reference : http://www.teamviewer.com/en/help/40-can-teamviewer-be-used-within-a-local-network-lan-only.aspx you can establish remote control sessions on your local network directly by using ip addresses or computer names . by default this feature is deactivated because software firewalls may open an acceptance dialog when configured this way . to activate the lan mode in teamviewer full version and host module : In the menu click on Extras and then on Options On the General tab activate Accept incoming LAN connections  when selecting accept exclusively it will display the ip-address of the computer in the id-field . a connection can now be established using the ip-address or alternatively using the host name .
if you format your sd card with the ext2 file system you can create a symlink from Camera to 100ANDRO . if you do this , any app that tries to read or write to Camera will be redirected to 100ANDRO . to do this , you will need a pc running linux , osx or another unix . as i do not have one available , i unfortunately cannot give you any exact instructions . note that you will not be able to mount your phone in msc mode on windows if you do this . also , i am not 100% sure that gingerbread does support ext-formatted sd cards .
use an app like gallery excluder . alternatively you could do it manually . in the folder that you want to exclude create an empty file and name it . nomedia than you need to delete the media scanner database . go to : Settings -&gt; Apllications -&gt; All -&gt; Media Storage -&gt; Clear Data  now reboot your phone . it might take a while for your pictures to appear again but these instagram folders will not be there . instagram unfortunately does not have an option to choose a folder for saving pictures . if the above does not work or if you want a really cool gallery app try quickpic .
i have the verizon s4 and this is how you do it with that phone : open stock calendar app hit the left hand soft key for menu options chose calendars from that list all of your calendars should be listed there hit the display option to choose which calendars you want to display all the time ( all is also an option ) . check all or select individual calendars .
that might be an issue in sync . have you checked the settings --> accounts --> google ( your_account_name ) --> calender . is it checked ? please make sure , this one is checked so that google could sync the data . also if this is checked , sometimes the isp might block the service . on top the issue is just with the sync . on this post , the issue is somehow posted : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/calendar/vrknnwbodwg the guy had s4 and he managed to work it out , by going to settings . try it out . : )
i was having a similar issue - i would added a new calendar to one of my google accounts and it would not show up , regardless of the calendar app i used . occasionally it would be on the list of calendars , but when i went to show it , it disappeared from the list . finally , i removed that account and added it back . thus far it seems to be working .
no , it does not have any kind of pass through . you cannot charge or dock the prime when the gps dongle is plugged in . here 's a youtube unboxing that provides a good overview of its physical design .
update your whatsapp application from the play store . i am using version 2.11.277 . and in this version , i can turn off the notification sound by doing the following : whatsapp go to settings select notifications untick conversation tones edit : in this version it is also possible to set the notification tone to none , this is also available under the notifications setting .
its very simple under the phone settings you have different adjustable sound options . you can reduce/mute the volume for notifications . reducing/muting the notification sound will not have any effect on the incoming calls . to select the notification sound from your home screen , tap . find and tap settings > sound > notification sound . select the sound to be played when notifications arrive . tap done .
install androidzip or es file explorer and you will be able to upload files from any browser .
wifi tethering may be a better option . on your htc one , go to : settings > more . . . > tethering and portable hotspot > portable wifi hotspot
depending on the version of android you can create multiple users where each user has its own accounts system . http://www.howtogeek.com/170191/share-your-android-tablet-and-keep-your-privacy-with-a-guest-account/ the only other way to work around this issue is to create a new account just for that device and use play store with it . most of google apps seems to be really coupled at the moment .
for reading ebooks on android phone , the best format is epub , because it can fit the android screen very well . my company 's software , pdfmate free pdf converter , is what i recommend .
try montana free ebook reader . it has multiple useful functions .
i ended up using epub2go . com to convert the pdfs to epub format then used aldiko to read them .
pdfs are easily readable , in my books . adobe 's reader app is actually pretty good , not bloated like the desktop version . as for conversion , google probably does a better job of giving you info that i could . the first result for this search is a site that will convert to the epub format , for example . adobe reader for android :
if you have a pc , try the calibre program . i converts almost every kind of ebook into every other format of ebook . so you can convert any pdf into any format our android device can read in whatever program you have or are accustomed with . best of all , it is free ! the pdf reader from adobe is a big program to install on the phone . . . and aside from that : i do not like the attitude of adobe to install updates every day ( mind you that is on the pc , but still - we are not living into an android only world , are we ? ) .
sorry i can not give you any help with the root part since i have never done it but i could let you know what to look out for if you want this action to occur with another app . pretty much when you plug the phone into the car dock . . . an Intentis created . if an app like custom car home or another other associates itself with that Intent then the user will receive a selection dialog asking them which app they would like to launch for that intent/action . if at the moment the only thing that happens is the samsung desk home is automatically launched , then this is probably because custom car home has not associated itself with that particular Intent . from the sounds of what tasker can do ( and i hear it can do a heck of a lot ) this should be manageable through it . try to set up an app launch on a specific condition . that condition is when the phone is docked into the car dock . tasker will then associate itself with that Intent and fire off your desired app . hope some of that was a little useful . sorry i could not be much help .
i have some experience with this on the developer side of things ( i am the developer of car dashboard ) . basically , the application has to support the car_dock intent . then , when you dock your phone in a car dock , the phone will go into car mode and it will automatically launch the application . the very first time it launches , you will be presented with a list of multiple " car home " like apps to choose from and you can optionally choose one of them to be the default . this works exactly the same way as switching to a new home launcher . note : however , that your dock must have a magnet ( or similar ) to activate the car mode . however , it could be possible there is something in the samsung 's version of the os that could be preventing you from launching other kinds of car home replacement apps .
sometimes a damaged usb cable , low quality cable , or one that is too long can cause this as well . so perhaps make sure you are using the original cable that came with the device . also if you are using a usb hub with a desktop computer try plugging the cable directly into the computer instead .
i was having the same issue with kies . latest version of kies and latest usb drivers solved my issue .
there are multiple possible solutions to the problem behind your sync issue : make sure auto-sync is enabled press your device 's &lt ; home > button , then press &lt ; menu > . select settings . select accounts and sync . make sure the checkbox for auto-sync is checked . turn sync off and on press your device 's &lt ; home > button , then press &lt ; menu > . select settings . select accounts and sync . select the account with sync problems . uncheck the box next to sync calendar to disable calendar sync . then check the box to re-enable calendar sync . note : if the box next to sync calendar was unchecked , simply check the box to re-enable calendar sync . clear cache press your device 's &lt ; home > button ; select App Settings ; select All ; swipe until you find the calendar app and tap over it ; tap over clear cache ; perform a resync to google . if that does not work , go through the same steps but tap clear data and perform the resync to google . sources : google support : problems with sync google calendar app not syncing to google calendar online
did you try syncing your calender ? go to Settings--> under the Accounts select Google --> in that menu select your email address --> then in the new menu " uncheck " Calendar and " check " it again . it will sync and most probably you will see the shared calender .
for the desktop version , click on the little down arrow at the top left of the screen , then activity log , then more then scroll down to select . i am hoping android will be similar . for the android version : to view your activity log on the android app , first go to your timeline . under your cover photo , you should see a group of tiles ( ex : about , photos , friends ) . swipe the tiles left until you see the activity log tile , then tap on the tile to view your activity log . from and : • tap activity log > filter • scroll down and tap search from .
i do not think you are going to be able to do this in the android app . at least if you were in the desktop version you might be able to look through your web browser history . . .
if you are using a different band of wireless-n , your wi-fi may not be detected by your phone , but can be detected by your laptop . i.e. i have a dual band d-link wireless router at home . all my laptops can detect both 2.4ghz and 5ghz bands , but my phone , ipod and nook only " see " the 2.4ghz band . check your router 's band to verify it matches what your phone can see ( usually 2.4ghz only ) . another thing to check in the router is security measures : you ( or whoever set up the router ) may have limited access or visibility , based on mac addresses , or a manual access page . update : the original question was changed after i posted my reply - which was right at the time . should i delete it completely , or just leave it here to collect negative replies ?
it sounds like you are trying to broadcast a wireless signal using your laptop so that your mobile devices can connect to it . if you set this up via the standard windows 7 networking tools it would have created an ad-hoc network , and android does not support ad-hoc connections out-of-the-box . you can , however , use a " softap " ( that is - software access point ) to broadcast a signal as an ap instead of in ad-hoc mode . connectify works great for me , and i would recommend giving it a try . a list of their supported wireless cards can be found here . additionally , you can try to " enable " ad-hoc networking on the nexus one using the steps described in this forum thread . these steps will require that you have rooted your device , however .
if you can find someone else with an unlocked nexus s , you can use nandroid backups to do everything on their device and then duplicate efforts to your device , like so : let 's call your phone device a and theirs device b . boot into recovery on both devices , then make a nandroid backup of each device , which i will call nandroid a and nandroid b , for each phone . using some sort of wireless file-transfer application ( airdroid , samba server , etc ) , transfer the nandroid backups to a computer for safekeeping , and then put nandroid a onto device b and boot into recovery on device b . wipe the cache , dalvik cache , system partition , and data partition , then restore nandroid a onto device b . once the restore is complete , boot device b normally and perform the ota update as you would under normal conditions . reboot into recovery on device b after installing the update , and make a new nandroid backup which i will call nandroid a2 . then , move files around wirelessly as outlined above and wipe device a and restore nandroid a2 to device a . finally , wipe device b and restore nandroid b to device b and give it back to your much-indebted-to friend . be careful when you wipe before a restore /not/ to wipe the internal storage on the device . the nexus s does not have an sd card slot , otherwise i would just advise you remove the sd card altogether while restoring . . . but twrp has a pretty straightforward checkbox that will help you make sure you are not wiping your internal storage . yes , this method is roundabout and long-winded , and yes , it does require access to hardware that you may not be able to get your hands on . but it will work .
use an app like wifi file trasnfer to transfer the stock image to your phone and then flash it using whatever recovery you are using .
attempt both and see if either work . hold the power button for 10+ seconds hold the power button and volume down button for 10+ seconds
this is certainly possible with tasker , though i cannot give you the " complete recipe " . basically , you could create a task like this : execute command : ls -1 /path/to/your/files , and capture the output into a variable the command will list all files in the given directory , one file per line work on the variable . there are possibilities to convert it into an array , so you can use a for loop to handle each file again with variables , you can setup the rename command ( e . g . using variable search replace ) in a new variable . pseudo-code : mv "$old_name" "$(s/ /_/,$old_name)" but it is much easier to use a simple shell script in some terminal app ( or via adb shell ) to achieve the same : cd /path/to/your/files for file in $(ls -1); do mv "$file" "$(echo $file|sed 's/ /_/g')"; done 
the dialer may have hard-coded the api key for the lookup service . the error occurs when too many requests are sent using a single api key in a short interval .
this problem usually occurs when , for whatever reason , your phone is set to only use wifi to make calls in the call preferences menu . on android , with jelly bean upgrade , some apps will alter this setting apparently . here 's the fix . enjoy ! from home screen , access apps/settings/more settings/wifi calling ( press the part to the right of the on/off button to open another menu ) / connection preferences . choose either " wifi preferred " or " cellular network preferred " . make sure the phone does not have " never use cellular network " selected , or every time you shut down your wifi or go out of range of it , you will be listed as in airplane mode in the on/off menu , but not in the apps/settings/ . . menus , because your cellular transceiver is disabled by that setting . note : these instructions and menu layouts are specific to my samsung galaxy s2 with android 4.1 . xxx jelly bean , but can easily be adjusted to other phones . hope this helps , and my best to all !
is it a known bug ? yes , it is . and it seems that it is not fixed yet . here are some advises from me : try to change sim card and see what happens . backup all your applications ( data ) and do a hard reset . backup all your applications ( data ) and flash unofficial ( custom ) firmware . also try newer version of android ( 4.1 . x , 4.2 . x ) .
i found the only solution without deleting the system cache and losing everything was to change to a different sim card . there must be some parameter that gets corrupted in android that is associated with the sim card . by changing the sim must use a different set of parameters that are not corrupted . i tried putting back the original sim card and the problem returned . i also tried putting my original sim card in another android and it also worked ok .
i had the exact same problem since yesterday , this post was the solution http://www.inflightmagazine.co/?p=351 the author refers to two steps to solve the problem , i would add the following steps between step 1 and step 2 install busybox from the play store open busybox after rooting , grant it superuser permissions click install on the left bottom corner of the screen you will be asked to use smart install vs normal install . . i chose the first option , not sure if it makes any difference if you pick the second one proceed to step 2
quick settings has a separate " notification volume " which for me controls all of my apps notifications ( although i have fb and twitter notification off at the source ) . another app i use is quick profiles for fast switching between preset profiles . this app also can control the " notification volume " . i have a specific profile set for when i sleep that turns off all notifications . another thing you could do is turn off autosync at night which is a toggle on the stock power widget . that way you had still get calls and texts but it would update any of your email or apps . for the record , quick settings can control the following volume levels : ringer volume notification volume media volume alarm volume voice call volume system volume as well as the master volume .
1 ) app notifications use the ringer volume for how loud the notification is played . 2 ) you could use an application like locale or tasker to automatically silence your ringer volume during the night . then you could create exceptions if you need for certain people to be able to call you during the night .
there are not any rules for this , so it is entirely up to the tablet in each particular case . i can give an example : the original asus eee pad transformer tf101 has a &lt ; 720p screen , and its hdmi output is a pixel-for-pixel mirror of the screen ( i.e. . the hdmi output is the same pixel size as the screen ) .
i normally do this by using the wifi tethering option built into android - and it works perfectly . as of this moment , the only way you may be able to do it via usb is using adb , but i have tried using multiple apps and have never got it to work .
to access localhost of pc through usb tethering on android , do the following:- assign a static ip to the pc or find the internal ip of the pc . make sure usb tethering is active . using stock browser , disable proxies and type in the static ip ( internal ip ) of the pc .
this depends on the screen technology . for instance , ( it was said that ) android 2.3 gingerbread has dark theme since google 's latest flagship device nexus s uses ( super ) amoled display which consumes less energy when displaying dark color since amoled produces its own light and darker color emits less photons . contrasts with lcd display which uses a backlight ( a fixed number of photons ) and the lcd crystals filters those colors it needs . the crystals on an lcd displays though , actually consume slightly less power when displaying white since it takes more power to strain the crystal to block more light . screen color does not affect the backlighting . there are certain display technologies in tvs that tries to give dynamic backlighting by dimming the screen when displaying darker image . i am not aware of any device that actually ships with that type of screen though .
on oled , amoled and super amoled screens : yes lcd screens : no
hey , i just ran a load of test to figure this out . they are vaguely scientific tests ! i figured out that i was saving 20% battery by switching to dark wallpaper and dark themed apps . have a look through my write up , you should be able to work out the saving on your phone : http://blog.stevemould.com/phone-battery-save-black-wallpaper/
if your screen has an older standard lcd then this does not help at all . the backlight is still shining behind all those darkened pixels . you just can not see it . if you have oled , amoled , super amoled , led lcd , or i think even plasma then it does help to darken the screen because the light is generated specifically where it is needed . btw there are fire fox plugins that reformat whatever page you are on to be dark . i do not remember the names , but i needed it when i was living in a studio apartment with my girlfriend and i was up all night on my computer while she was trying to sleep 20 feet away in the same room .
i am not sure if this would work , but worth a try . some mobile phones and some cell phone service providers require the use of apn . contact your cell phone service provider for the apn .
from the whatsapp site , the minimum requirements are android 2.1 , so even if you managed to find the apk and side-load it onto the g1 running 1.6 , it probably will not work . stable releases of cyanogenmod 5 ( android 2.1 ) and 6 ( android 2.2 ) are both available for the g1 . you can install whatsapp if you upgrade to cm 5/6 .
i would suggest reporting the issue on the andless issue tracker . i did not see anything that relates to exactly what you mention but the developers may know what your issue is or they can correct it .
i use the simeji input method . it uses the great " flick " method for inputting kana . it takes some getting used to , but is very fast once you do . to switch between keyboards , just long press in the text field .
i do not think there is a handwriting app , at the moment . at least , not for writing , although there are some for practicing kana and kanji . for typing , i currently use google japanese input ( 10 mb , free ) , it is reliable and seems solid to me . you have two choices : one is typing the romaji , the other one is typing kana directly . in this second way , you click the 行 ( gyou ) . for example , click on the sa-gyou to choose the syllables that start with s- ( sa , shi , su , se , so ) , then swype towards the one you want . a visual example in the image below : the user chose the ra-gyou ( ra , ri , ru , re , ro ) , and swyped towards " ri " , highlighted just above .
i use myscript stylus ( beta ) by vision objects for german , english , and japanese handwriting input on my note 8 , and it works vey good . i use it e.g. for input to the aedict dictionary to look up unknown kanji , and recognition by myscript stylus is excellent . the only challenge is to write large kanji not too slow , because else recogniton starts with left kanji part before finishing handwriting the complete kanji . i dont know any input method that makes it soo easy to switch between languages and combine japanese text with other languages , e.g. get real german or nordisk umlauts instead using ae , oe .
samsung galaxy s2 partitions with usefull data are /data and /sdcard ( internal memory ) or /emmc depending on the recovery . to mount a partition , you issue the following command : mount &lt;partition&gt; &lt;mount_point&gt; or mount &lt;mount_point&gt; if the mount_point is already defined . for /data or /sdcard , you can try with mount /data and mount /sdcard . if the mount_point is not already defined , you would have to use the partition : mount /dev/block/mmcblk0p10 /data . the -o parameter defines the options when calling mount , but since you only want to get all the data ( read ) , the default options would sufice .
try this : $ adb shell $ su # mount -o rw,remount /system 
ls -l /dev/block/platform/dw_mmc/by-name/  to find the path to user data partition . then mount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p10 /data  check the correct file system type as well as mmcblkXpXX from first command . if successful , /data should be mounted correctly
i would try clearing the data for it . do so via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and finding voice search ( or the relevant app if you are using another ) under the all tab .
you could set each one of your contacts individual ringtones to be a sound file that is just someone saying their name . it would be pretty tedious , and it would not work for numbers that are not in your contacts , but at least it is something . see this thread on how to set custom . mp3 files as ringtones .
sanity is another neat app for this . alternatively , it is straight forward to configure a tasker profile to ' say ' an alert including the caller 's name .
i do not know about rooting your device , but i can help with getting your device to be recognised by your computer . exact instructions will depend on what os you are running , but basically you need to find the . android folder in your home directory , and replace the adb_usb . ini file with this one . this tells your computer to let adb work with a load of different usb devices . you may need to type this on the command line to get it to work after you do this : adb kill-server adb start-server  and now running this should show you your device adb devices 
as far as i know this was a new addition to the app recently , so it is surprising that it does not work for you . i just tried emailing myself a .epub file and it worked just fine , i had a download button to the right of the paperclip icon and attachment name . i know that the browser on many devices will not let you download any files that do not have a handler registered for their extension ; perhaps this is related . you can solve that issue via an app that registers for all files , such as download crutch ; perhaps it will solve your attachment issues as well . i would reboot after installing it . i have download crutch installed and have had no problems with it .
didnt find download crutch but another appp download all files did the job pretty well . have fun navneet
use the app " sync me " , it saves the contact pics of your facebook friends to your contacts .
i have used haxsync previously . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mots.haxsync there is also an xposed module which i now use instead , called xfbsync . this does all that facebook used to by itself , like syncs profile photos , and phone numbers . if you are able i would give that a go .
the reason can be find in appbrain faq : 4 . i cannot find some apps , what is going on ? it always says " the requested item could not be found " . appbrain lists applications that are available in the us that are available for android version 1.6 and up for devices with a normal screen size . developers can restrict availability of apps by country , android version and screen size . this means that if you are not in the usa , have a device with a small screen size ( for instance the htc wildfire or tattoo ) , or when you are not on the latest version of android , you may often get the " not found " message from the android market . so , to give you an example , i am a developer and published an app on android market , that is restricted to france and germany , so users from those country will find it on android market , but not on appbrain , who lists only us applications .
for #1 , it appears that google changed the api for the gmail app , and frederico has disabled that functionality as a result . for #2 , go to the settings in the gmail app and select the account you are using , then uncheck " email notifications " .
i am using vudu for my offline viewing on my samsung tablet . i am a newbie at this . i downloaded a few movies and then also used vudu to download my ultraviolet movie . it seems to work . my tablet is a little slow at first , basically thought it was not working then it popped up . flying to hawaii later , long boring sardine style flight so i hope it works . . .
or just buy them on dvd and use a program like handbrake or ifunia dvd ripper to rip them to the tablet .
android comes with a basic video player called " movies " , although it might not show in the application list for some devices . to use the built-in player , you need to use the gallery or a file manager to invoke the movies app on the movie file you want to play . alternatively there are many alternative movie players on the market . here are a few threads to get you started : mx video player moboplayer rockplayer qqplayer vplayer
droidtv primetime is the one that i find most useful . i was hoping to use netflix or lovefilm on a tablet - even if i had to go ipad - but offline viewing seems fundamental to the nature of these devices and yet completely unsupported .
the answer is similar to the one in this thread : asus transformer video playback to reiterate , make sure to download the codec pack from inside the app if you are using moboplayer . when you first install and open the app , there are two options , one to install the codec packs directly from the web or from the market . i find choosing the former works best .
try long-pressing the Search button . it should be tied to voice search by default . then say " dial xxx " , where " xxx " is either a phone number ( with the area code ) or name of a contact from your phonebook . here are all the voice actions you can perform with the voice search app : http://www.google.com/mobile/voice-actions/ note : according to google 's last blog post on the subject , voice actions via this app only work in english language . you might need to change your phone 's locale to " us " or " uk " in order to get this to work .
are you familiar with adb tools from the android sdk ? what you will need is logging from your device as a starting point . the easy way there are tools available ( apk 's ) that can be installed from the google play store to read out the logcat . the 2 first hits on google play look useful : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jtb.alogcat https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nolanlawson.logcat however this logcat is usually cleared on each reboot so that might not be your best option . the better way more information will be retrieved using command line tools like adb from the google android sdk . a quick step by step guide download android sdk from http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ( if you are not planning to develop go for the " download for other platforms " > " sdk tools only " option on that page ) follow the installation instructions ( download , extract ) have your android device connected to your computer using an usb cable ( check if drivers are needed for your environment ) navigate to the platform-tools folder and execute the adb command with the following arguments : adb bugreport > bugreport . txt that should create a bugreport.txt file within you current directory . post that information here ( check for personal information first though ) . for more information about the adb tools check http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html
a lot of keyboard applications come with voice related features if that is what you are asking . though , there are things such as google search on the play store that allow for some light voice commands , started by staying " okay google " . samsung phone also natively have a voice feature called s voice that allows for these sort of commands as well . a wake up phrase similar to that of google 's " okay google " can be set within the s voice application as well .
there is an important distinction to be made : android in its stock form , and samsung 's version of android , with the touchwiz framework . the touchwiz functionality for the eyeball recognition works with only with apps ' native ' to samsungs touchwiz version of android . apps like samsung sms , samsung internet , samsung gallery etc . air gestures can be ported to 3rd party apps , flipboard is an example of this . fore the eye recognitions stuff , like smart scroll etc . the app needs to be embedded in touchwiz . however , the ' keep screen on ' functionality works over apps , so the screen should not lock while gaming etc . after looking into this myself , i havn't found any xposed or other modules to override this for root users . also , on the s4 google edition ( running almost 1 stock android ) there is no eyeball recognition whatsoever , and cannot be implemented . also , from a developer 's point of view it , even if it was possible to access this functionality , would it be worth implementing it for only one device , and not being accessible on any other phone ? it is a good idea in a way , but i do not see it expanding for a while , until other oems decide on similar tech perhaps . 1 techincally the touchwiz framework is there to enable the s-view cover . on the htc one google edition htc sense is there to allow beats audio to be built in .
the google talk application is a key part of the android market authentication . if you are not signed in to google talk , you cannot use the android market . this is one of the reasons there needs to be more " warnings " with apps like root uninstaller . they allow you to remove vital apps from the device , and do not tell you what damage it could do . you have a couple options : you will need to find the apk for your device , or that works for your device . there are some devices that use a different version of the application , then use a tool like root explorer for example , to put the apk file back in /system/apps restore from a nandroid / titanium backup ( if you did the backup before hand ) ( re ) flash a rom on your device , which could put the device in the " factory state " if you are not flashing the same rom that you already have on the device . i also seen this in the applications description and it may actually make a backup of any app that you freeze or uninstall . check and see if you can restore with the application . if you cann't freeze/defrost , try to enable usb debugging ( home/settings/application/development/usb debugging ) if you cann't restore backup app , try to " find apps on sd card " then long-press the app and select " install as system app " . this application uses sdcard to store data
if you do not have a backup of the app , i would think the most sure fire and straightforward way to get it back would be to " restore to factory state " . prior to doing that , i would recommend using titanium backup to save all your settings and apps . just reinstall tibu again after you reset your phone and restore everything from the backup . short and sweet . if you decide you absolutely need to remove system apps in the future , cyangogen mod has a bare bones guide on what is safe to uninstall .
you can use automateit to enable/disable airplane mode on a schedule . this may be easier than finding a custom alarm clock .
gentle alarm does that . at night , when you set the alarm , it goes into flight mode . when the alarm kicks off in the morning , it takes itself off flight mode .
i am assuming you are on a rooted device . use your preferred file explorer to browse to : /system/app there should be two apk files . one the calendar app ( calendar . apk ) and the other calendarprovider . apk . the second apk provides proper synchronization between the google account and the actual calendar application which is probably missing or not working . you should be able to find a replacement apk for your specific device and rom on xda .
try adding a new google account , preferably via mobile data instead of wi-fi . it should restore the calendar sync option .
this is just a guess , but it may be for certain variants of the device that go to countries covered by u.s. munitions export regulations . strong encryption counts as a munition for the purpose of the regulations , so this feature might have been left out to allow the device to be sold in such countries . even if the manufacturer is not from the u.s. , the android software comes from there , so it is still covered by the regulations .
did you tried google android rooting ? is there something in the articles that your do not understand ? rooting means allowing an application to gain root privilege . this is usually done by hacking the existing kernel or flashing a new kernel . some devices locked the bootloader , you have to " unlock the bootloader " first in order to flash a new kernel . as for updates , enthusiasts port the latest aosp to various devices . xda forum is a great source for these custom roms ( and rooting/flashing info ) . warning : rooting , unlocking bootloader and flashing custom roms may void your warranty .
my data manager is a free app available in the android market which will aid you in catering your needs . it will give you a detailed statistics of which app/service used how much data . edit : did not notice this was answered in the comments already .
theoretically , of course , you could modify your hardware . but this is not remotely feasible for 99% of us . one thing you can do -- if you root -- is to install various apps that will allow you to move more to the sd card . you could also try a custom rom that is smaller than the stock rom . if rooted you will also be able to uninstall crapware system apps ( be careful not to touch the important onces ) .
there is a folder called " alarms " in your sd card . just paste the sounds/songs you want to set there and it should appear when selecting sounds for the alarm .
to change my alarms i use the es file explorer app : when i go to change the alarm it asks which app you want to change it with ( if you have not set a default ) . i am able to chose between the built in media app and es file explorer . if i chose es file explorer then i will be able to chose a file without having to shuffle around media files .
there is a way around which i was able to use . convert your favorite alarm tone to .ogg format using any online tool . following is a link to one of them - audio.online-convert.com/convert-to-ogg now go to your \systems folder and find the \ringtones or \alarms folder . there you can paste the converted .ogg file . try to keep the file size below 200kb . now , go to your alarms and you can find the alarm tone in the default alarm-tone list .
the folder Media is the where all the sound files are actually stored . inside Media , it has its own Alarms , Notifications , and Ringtones folder . these are the folders where each respective sound file belongs . in my case , i wanted to create a custom alarm . i thought it would be as simple as dropping a sound file in there , but it was not . there is a trick . in order for the android phone to recognize your file as an actual alarm , the file must have Alarm appended to its name . example : if your song/file name is Unwell.mp3 , then you have to rename it to Unwell Alarm.mp3 . only after you include the Alarm in the name will it become an alarm .
using a root explorer application , navigate to /system/etc and delete anything that is named hosts including any backups , then restart the device . you may also need to clear the facebook app data as well .
go to the applications menu in settings -- at least that what i think it is called on gingerbread , on on ics it is just apps -- select the facebook app and clear the cache as well as the data . then go to the /Android folder on your sd card and delete anything starting with com.facebook . finally , reboot your phone . if your problem was related to the facebook app it should now be fixed .
the filtered contacts list solves this problem , but unfortunately if you are like me you are constantly needing to look at the larger list of contacts and you will not remember to turn the filter back on afterwards . so when you get back into the car , it will start sending the whole list again . i just found a workaround . there are a ton of alternative contact apps in the marketplace that will sync to your gmail contacts . i installed go contacts ex https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jbapps.contactprofeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5qymfwchmuy29udgfjdhbybyjd it appears that the bluetooth address book is only controlled by the stock contacts app , which i have left filtered . i banished the stock app from my home screen/launcher . all good now .
certainly android is developed by google , so he make a stipulation into it that the android users had to have google account to make it work . so just make it one ; )
modern touchscreens consist of two parts : the digitizer : this is transparent and detects the touch events . the lcd : this is the screen and its kinda silver . the digitizer and lcd are glued and are difficult to separate cleanly . it appears that you have removed a chunk of the lcd as well . the lcd and the digitizer are also sold as a single unit , glued together , so that they are easier to assemble .
if you are downloading the .apk files from unknown/untrusted sources , there is no easy way to judge . most anti-whatever solutions ( anti-virus , anti-malware , etc . ) are just ruling by " database entries " ( i.e. . they have a database of known malware , and check whether the package name matches ) , or only check requested permissions ( and not whether e.g. a sms app only sends the smss you wish ) . i have never heard about a " real " heuristics scanner analyzing an app 's behaviour . though it might theoretically be possible a " scanner " also verifies a kind of checksum ( as the mentioned md5 ) , this could only work against a " trusted base " like e.g. playstore . for apps not available there it would fail then ( nothing to compare ) . and even for apps available there , it would need to check against the very same version . such a solution is hardly practical . so while my arguments might differ , my bottom line is almost the same as geff 's : only install from trusted sources . while nothing is 100% secure , this imposes the smallest risks possible . the highest risk is with pirated stuff , as that is very likely to have " bad things " injected .
google introduced an option verify apps ( disallow or warn before installation of apps that may cause harm ) for side-loaded apps when unknown sources is enabled ( both settings available in settings -> security -> device-administration ) . you can also use an online virus scanner like virus total to check your downloaded . apk file . but this is the same with every scanner service : they are not 100% sure and probably only detect already known malicious apps . custom tailored malware will probably remain undetected . also very new malicious apps will probably slip through until after some time they will be detected .
i use lookout security , it scans every app you install and you can also scan apks
you can upload the package to a mobile sandbox to see what it is doing . the sandboxes will execute the binary and you can see the execution resutls . this will also work for some formerly unknown malware as it does not have to be in some av-database before . examples for sandboxes are mobilesandbox , copperdroid , sanddroid , tracedroid , joe sabdox mobile , forsafe and others . as always , there is no 100% security , but then again , there is no complete security when downloading from play store , either . . . virustotal that has been mentioned above recently started to run some samples in a sandbox as well and is of course always a good bet as it tests against a magnitude of already known malware . a similar service as virustotal but specifically for android is andrototal .
it is difficult to know whether an apk is safe or not . your best bet is to download from trusted or reputable sources ( like google play , amazon , etc ) . some ( trusted ) developers also provide an md5 ( or other message-digest algorithm ) hash of their apks . after your download the apk , you verify if the apk has the same hash . if it does , then it is safe to say it has not been tampered with . you can also check the permissions required by the apk / app , and use common sense ( or your own judgement / instinct ) to tell if it is safe to install or not . bottomline : always install from trusted sources . stay away from pirated apks ; it is possible they may have malware .
turns out that uninstalling and reinstalling the drivers solves the issue . the strange part is that before i uninstalled the drivers , the name on the driver said it was for a samsung galaxy device , which the nexus 4 clearly is not .
is there a way to hack the market/play app so that it can not delete apps from the phone without specific authorization from the user ? yes , there are tools to decompile an apk and dex files and make modifications and put them back together again ; you will need root , the appropriate softwares , lots of knowledge about dalvik and java bytecode , and many weekends spent on reading . also be warned that you are breaching the tos of google play . and . . . good luck , you will need it .
hacking the play app is probably no feasible option . and as matthew read suggests , as a system app , it can do what it wants . the only other options i can think off is using an alternative android app market . you can find some here : http://www.howtogeek.com/106175/the-top-5-alternatives-to-the-android-market/
i do not believe this is the way google drive works . the app , if i am not mistaken , allows you to view ( and edit some google documents ) but maintains them in the cloud . while it does allow you to download them , it saves them to your download folder for local use only . you can choose photos you have taken from your gallery and upload them to google drive , but ( if i am not mistaken ) , there is no automatic folder syncing option . you can use google+ though . it automatically adds all your photos to a google+ album only you can see . given , not as easy as drive , but still a good auto-upload option . i do not know of an easy way to get them from there to a drive folder though :/ you can also use foldersync . it could sync folders with google docs , and still works after docs upgraded to drive , google drive is fully supported . just choose google docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its [ free lite version ] [ 3 is also in play store , but with some limitations . thanks for the above goes to sachin shekhar .
just disconnect your network , and try again . its a network gateway error id .
according to the list of status codes at wikipedia , a 504 error means the following : 504 gateway timeout the server was acting as a gateway or proxy and did not receive a timely response from the upstream server . in other words : the culprit should neither be ( on ) your device , nor ( at ) google play -- but in between . a thread on the nook forum describes the very same problem , and one of the conclusions there is : generally , that means a gateway error and i would suspect the problem being on the router end rather than the nook side . sometimes a router reset will cure it . which corresponds to my conclusion . so if you are using mobile data , it might help to switch data off and on again ( or better : switch to airplane mode and back ) , in the hope you will get a connection into a different segment of your provider 's network ( and thus a different gateway on that end ) . funnily , the very same issue comes to a very different conclusion on yahoo answers : here the user had not enough space on his device , so after removing some other app it suddenly worked . i suspect this was a co-incidence ( when he tried again after having freed up space , the gateway was " fixed" ) -- but it cannot hurt to check for that . several more sulutions might pop up with the time . to me it proved helpful to search google for '"google play " " error 504"' .
setting the phone into airplane mode and back did the trick for me . so it most likely was indeed the gateway issue . tip though . dont just turn it on then off . wait about 60 seconds before you turn airplane mode off again . if you just toggle it , it picks up the same gateway .
try resetting the play store app . you will not lose your apps following these steps . nothing important will be lost . steps to follow on a motorola xoom go to the app drawer ( menu ) tap settings tap applications tap the " all " tab scroll through and look for play store tap play store ( not play store services ! ) tap " clear data " you will then get a warning , click " ok " that is it , go through your problem again and see if it fixed . bear in mind you will have to re-accept the terms and conditions for the play store app , when this comes up , simply click " accept "
using " bookmarks sort and backup " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.happydroid.bookmarks you can copy your bookmarks from the default android browser to your /mnt/sdcard/bookmarksb/ directory . the filename will include a datetimestamp so you can easily tell which file you just created . they are regular bookmarks . html formatted netscape bookmarks files that can be imported into any browser or viewed in any browser . you can view the file with any file explorer app by opening the folder bookmarksb ( /mnt/sdcard/bookmarksb/ ) then open the file you just created with browser or any other browser . one way to copy the created file to your pc : you can use an app such as " 3cx droid " -- http://market.android.com/details?id=net.xdevelop.rm -- to download the file from your tablet to your pc . invoke 3cx droid on tablet , open the url in a browser on your pc i.e. http://192.168.0.xxx:8080 then in file explorer within 3cx droid viewed on your pc , open the folder on the tablet select your file , then use ' download ' on the 3cs droid file explorer menu which will save your file on the downloads folder used by your browser , the shortcut to view your downloaded files is probably " ctrl+j " on your pc . open the html bookmarks file fwiw if you were to import into another android browser that cannot sort bookmarks you would want to sort bookmarks in your default browser in reverse order before you export . rearranging bookmarks one bookmark at a time would be very tedious . this is assuming that import inserts them one at a time at the top of your bookmarks instead of at the bottom .
if you do not want to muck about wirelessly , why not just take the sd card out of your phone and insert it into your pc ? you can then fiddle with files to your heart 's content .
install astro file manager with astro bluetooth module . go to networks page of astro file manager ( using toolbar ) and tap bluetooth icon . on next screen , turn on bluetooth and check OBEX FTP Server . after pairing , use bluetooth software on pc to browse file system of device ( almost all software work as obex ftp client ) . you can copy an entire folder from device to pc . done !
open bluetooth settings , go to shared folder tab , check box for ' allow remote devices to change content of shared folder ' . enjoy ridiculously fast file sharing .
i wrote an app called soundabout . the pro version has a phone call audio setting called " wired headphone " and " wired headset ( with mic ) " . if you use the " wired headphones " setting , it will keep the phone 's built in mic while routing phone call audio to the car speaker .
have you tried using appbrain http://www.appbrain.com/ it has all the apps from the android market but it also lets you push installs from your computer .
if you can download from your pc without stalling* , you can then copy the .apk over to your phone and open/install from the file-system . *q : how to initate android download in a pc browser ? a : i do not know , but it is possible for other markets , anyway )
a usb connector has two pins for 5v and two for the data signal . seems like the first are still connected while the latter are not . have you tried another cable and restarted your pc ? it is also possible that the phone 's socket is damaged or has connectiviy problems . it is soldered onto the phone 's logic board . did you once drop it with the cable inserted ?
try voicebutton . you can download it here dowload voicebutton
the only way to achieve this is to port over the old keyboard from an older device . this might break stuff , and probably is not the safest bet . you could install multiling keyboard and have a voice button on your numpad . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.klye.ime.latinhl=en
if you are running asop keyboard , and are on the num pad , you can press and hold the space bar to get the text imput method select . there you can choose google voice typing . esentially keyboard -> num key -> long press on space bar -> google voice input
internal memory is tricky as you need to be able to read the smasung galaxy internal memory , here 's a guide you i found for you : samsung galaxy data recovery
there is some hope to recover data which was stored on the “internal sd card” . samsung galaxy s2 supports usb connection in the mass storage mode ( unlike some other more recent models ) . this mode provides the required block-level access to the partition which holds your media and other files ( but not contacts , sms and app data ) . therefore you can connect your phone to pc in the usb storage mode ( not mtp ) , then use the same utilities as you would use to recover files from an sd card which was accidentally formatted ( one free option for windows is recuva ) . recovering data from the internal memory is much more harder for several reasons : you need to root the phone in order to get access to raw partitions ( with some phones which have an unlocked bootloader there is an option of flashing an alternate recovery image with root access through adb ) . note that the rooting process in most cases involves writes to the /data partition , which could overwrite the data you want to restore . the internal file system is not the usual fat or ntfs , like in windows ( recent models in most cases use ext4 ) , therefore many recovery tools designed for use with windows filesystems will not work well ( scanning the raw disk for pieces looking like data in a well-known format might give a useful result even if the filesystem is not supported , but see the next point ) . in most cases the app data is stored in some format not used outside of the android os ( e . g . , contacts and sms/mms messages are stored in sqlite databases with the android-specific schema ) , and these formats are unlikely to be supported by commonly available data recovery utilities . and this assumes that the phone repair lab did not just replace the main phone board ( which they often do , unless the problem was obviously in some other component ) .
i try deleting all file associate with the app ( apk , settings , etc ) i can now install the app . seems like residue files are the culprit .
clearing logcat can not make any difference to your storage problem . the logcat output is stored in a ring buffer , so it has a fixed size , and the ring buffer only exists on ram : it is not written to the storage at all . see the frequent questions under the insufficient-memory tag for what to do when your phone storage is getting full .
okay so it has dawned on me that the reason why the shutter action on tasker does not seem to work . it seems to be the stock rom i was using before . now that i am using an aosp rom , it works quite flawlessly . so yeah , it might have been the rom .
do you have any custom keyboards installed ? i have found that when i pair the external bluetooth keyboard ( tried two models ) the phone errors and reports you must change back to the standard samsung ime keyboard before the it will type . you can manually change the input method with the hot key inside any writing app , but the message will reappear and convert the keyboard back to samsung ime .
i believe you should be able to switch between loudspeaker and earpiece like this in the screenshot at the bottom while in a call . on my samsung galaxy 3 running a custom 4.0.3 rom , it is working fine . but after searching on skype forums i found this - speaker only on android device looks like a lot of people are having the same issue from initial releases of skype for android . devices and os are different in each case , so there really is no solution for users other than to wait for a fix from skype . you should perhaps look for alternative apps like these- fring ( fring google play ) sip ( sip for android ) gtalk for android app . ( supports video/voip from android 2.3 onwards ) . see here - xda-develoeprs gtalk w/video and voice for 2.3.3 roms
the samsing galaxy s series has a virtual surround , not a true surround . therefore there is no way to get multichannel audio out of the device , only analog stereo . source : phandroid , unleashthephones , intomobile
you can configure the default search engine for the address bar by going to chrome menu > settings > ( basics ) search engine . search the web
as afrazier also said i use sms backup+ to automatically backup my sms/mms and call log to gmail . this has the side benefit that it is very easy to access all your messages , etc and search through them when you are sitting at a pc . great for finding those directions that you know a friend sent you a few months ago ! i also use lifesaver every now and then , which does a one-click backup of your messages and calls to your sd card . it is very handy to get your history back if you change phones , or need to factory reset yours , or wipe it for any other reason ( like putting custom roms on ) .
i have used backitup pro successfully -- it is one of very few apps i have found that can backup/restore mms across roms . mybackup pro is another popular app . i have no experience with it personally though . titanium backup is very nice for a lot of things , but for call logs and sms , i am not sure it is portable across roms . it looks like it is simply backing up the sqlite dbs directly . there is a " data migration " option that is been added recently , but it looks like it is a pro-only feature . perhaps someone who is tried it can chime in with their experience . there is also call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore , which are free apps . they back up to xml files , so should be highly portable across roms . edit : i had a chance to test the " restore " features last night with my wife 's droid . i switched her from ruby 1.1.1 to cyanogenmod 6.1.0 , and took the opportunity to wipe her phone and start it fresh . the call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore apps worked perfectly . finally , there is sms backup+ , which copies sms/mms and calls logs to your gmail account .
titanium backup is probably the best . it can back up and restore data like smss and call logs . it can back up the apps themselves too , which is much easier than making a list ( or trying to remember ) and manually restoring them . there are others but i do not think any can compare to tb .
yes , you can set up multiple google accounts on your device and gmail will handle them with aplomb . you may have to have the play store account be the " main " account , just for ease of use , but you can easily add the account ( s ) where you have your email and/or calendar information . you can also selectively choose which account syncs gmail , calendar , etc .
as al e stated you can add multiple gmail accounts to the gmail app and set them to only sync the email . another option would be to open gmail in your browser .
no , you cannot restore your text messages even if you know the phone number . if you did not backup your phone with gmail , you can not get the backup because the text message are stored in phone 's memory or sim , not the sd . so , i think it is possible to get them back .
yes , its possible , from your desktop pc , go to play store , and install androidlost remotely to your handset . at this point , a caveat emptor is needed : provided you have 3g data switched on , it will remotely install on to the handset and also there is sufficient battery power read the starting page by visiting the main androidlost . send the text " androidlost register " ( without the quotes ) to your number of the handset that is stolen . there is a box in the upper right hand corner of the page , click on sign in , using your google account , if doing this for the first time , you will be prompted for androidlost to have permission to access your google account , as they are both tied into it together . the message will appear - " waiting for phone to be registered . " , please be patient . wait for a while , sign out and sign back in , eventually , from there , you can remotely control the handset via that same website and fingers crossed it will have a happy ending . good luck : )
just installed viber on my samsung galaxy s4 ( android 4.2.2 ) , and i can find an exit menu via More Options &gt; Exit .
it is true . but not all touch screen phones work well with this . the capacitive touch screens that we find in most android phones these days work by detecting electrical disturbances from our body . the ' sponge ' used in these diys are electrically conducting foam and they transfer the charge of our body through it , thus registering touches . on the other hand , these sponge tipped styluses obviously will not work well with resistive touch screens unless you apply some amount of pressure .
go to settings - battery and take a look at the usage . you should see if there are any apps using an unexpected percentage of battery life . i have also seen location based apps drain my battery , but that is not saying that is what is causing your issues though .
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to backup the maps application , which will backup the application and it is data . after resetting , again install titanium backup , ( you have to root again , if you had lost the root access , as a first step ) and restore the maps application . while restoring , you get a chance to opt for restoring app alone or app with data . when opting for the later , your offline data also comes .
ok , i think the answer to your question is that pandora 's stream is never more than 64 kbps for mobile devices , whereas google music uses 320 kbps mp3s and there is no downsampling . that is 5 times the amount of data , assuming pandora does not use a better format than mp3 . since google music transcodes your files , i do not think you have much of an option here .
if your phone is easily disassembled , you might want to try powering off your phone , removing the sd card , replacing the sd card , and powering your phone on again . sometimes the simplest things can fix tough problems for you . if your phone still does not recognize the card , you might want to try plugging your sd card into your pc using a converter or card reader ( microsd cards are usually sold with one that converts your microsd to a standard sd ) . run a software like recuva ( or any other data recovery tool ) , and see if you can recover files from your card . if you can , download them to your computer . then format your card to fat32 , reload the files onto your card , and plug it back into your phone . best of luck to you .
it depends on what kind of internet is available on wi-fi network . a wi-fi hotspot can broadcast internet provided by 1g , 2g , 2.5g , 3g , 3.5g , 4g , dsl , adsl , adsl2 , t1 etc . so , the comparison is meaningless unless you know the back-end connection . if you know the back-end connection , the question should not exist .
it differs with your connection quality , in normal situations wi-fi is faster . wi-fi mostly not usable for mms , so you need to use e-mail .
please attempt the following : delete the entire .thumbnails folder delete the /sdcard/Android/data/com.android.gallery3d folder go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Gallery app . select clear data . go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Media Storage app . select clear data . reboot your device . this will completely erase all data from the gallery app , and if you open it before you reboot you should notice that you have no thumbnails . they will be generated on boot .
as of october 2012 , this is not supported . from tabletpcreview : the function only serves as a bookmark currently , meaning users can not share their list with others as " subtle " hints of future gifts . there does not seem to be any app in google play that deals with the wishlist either . perhaps the api for this is closed .
this is probably because the icon pack you installed does not have an icon for those apps . icon packs only include app icons for certain apps and clearly the one you have installed does not cover many common apps . if you download another icon pack you may find that includes more icons for the apps you have installed . another option would be to contact the developer of the icon pack you have installed and request that they include an icon for the extra apps . if the icon pack does include an icon for the app but for whatever reason it does not change , you can do this manually . long press on the app icon in the menu that appears , click on ' edit ' click on the icon in the popup you should then be able to see all available icons , from which you can select the one you wish to use for that app . this will change the icon everywhere within the launcher ( i.e. . app drawer and home screens ) .
the problem is that you ran adb as an underprivileged user . so when adb server starts , it does not have the permissions to run read/write to the device . first you have to kill the server , and then restart it as root : sudo adb kill-server sudo adb start-server Then you can run this as any user: adb devices 
what number are you using for your udev ? i wrote about my experiences with my htc sensation here : http://colinwren.com/using-your-htc-sensation-to-debug-android-apps-on-ubuntu-11-04-natty-narwhal-using-udev-and-adb/ as stated by aspitzer use sudo to start the adb server . also make sure you have got the correct device code . you can find this by using lsusb and looking at the code given here ( use the first 4 characters )
when i have experienced that , i have had to kill adb and restart it with sudo . you might have to sudo the rest of your adb commands as well .
turns out i was not in fastboot mode :| ( yes , terrible mistake ) . i was able to flash after getting into fastboot mode .
try the graffiti handwriting app . there is a ( surprisingly short ) learning curve if you have not used a palm pda but it uses less screen estate than a keyboard , has " all " characters and , at least for me , allows faster typing .
have you tried hacker 's keyboard application ?
take a look at touchqode . it comes with a virtual keyboard specifically for programming .
photosync is set as " on " by default imo . anyways read this
system apps can not be installed without root . only updates to existing system apps can be installed , and they do not actually reside in the /system partition ; the original app is kept there , which allows you to uninstall updates separately . so a factory reset will remove any updates , but not the original app .
with android 4 . x you can disable carrier installed applications by going to the settings -> applications and select the app . you should then see " disable " for the application . now , samsung has found a way to prevent some applications to not be disabled , like their launcher , email client , stock browser . you can also go to settings -> data usage and select the application and choose " restrict background data " . this will prevent the application from using the mobile network , but if you are on wifi , it will allow it network access .
is it an unlocked phone , my samsung galaxy 2 can do the same thing . i have a vodafone sim in it , but live in an area that sd does not get a vodafone signal , only optus ( have optus nokia phone also ) and the samsung shows me a full 4 bars , and if i try to make a call it will show network not registered . when i get to an area that i know i will get a vodafone signal i some times have to go into settings a tell it to use the vodafone network . a bug as i see it as it knows what sim you have so it should ignore other networks . brian
i have had a similar problem to this . in my case , it was caused by the sim card coming loose . try the following steps:- turn the phone off completely remove the sim card reinsert the sim card turn the phone on again and then see if you can make a call and use mobile internet . if it happens repeatedly , you might need to wedge a small piece of paper in with your sim card to keep it in place .
the backup transport is the part of the system that takes backed-up data from the phone and sends it to some provider 's backup storage . this is a manufacturer- and carrier- replaceable component , to allow ( for example ) samsung to make their phones backup to samsung storage with a samsung account , instead of backing up to google , while remaining compatible with apps that use the android backup system . possibly the cyanogenmod rom you have installed simply does not have a backup transport .
just want to add some more details . i am using galaxy nexus with cm11 snapshot m4 ( latest available ) and still have this issue . this issue was present from the first cm11 build which i have installed in this device . out of curiosity i have checked couple of nexus devices and this is what i could find . nexus 4 - upgraded to stock 4.4.2 - does not have this issue nexus 5 - stock 4.4.2 - issue is present . in accordance with dan 's answer above , since the backup transport is a manufacturer/carrier customizable component , in cyanogenmod it may be a reason . in cm , at the time of device setup , it asks for an optional cyanogenmod account ( which i did not create ) and they may be using this cm account for app data backup ( not sure , yet to verify this ) .
indeed - there are a few but i would recommend rolf 's agenda widget . lots of options and highly configurable . scrolling support is present , although the launcher must support scrollabel widgets like adw / lpp / golauncher do .
here 's a thought . block all incoming calls , except for ones with your gv number . set your gv cid to gv number , then use gv call screen function to tell who is calling . note , though , callers will only be asked for their name , if they call from a number not in your google contacts . as a side note , thinking of setting my fiance phone to this , as her sister will not use gv , thus eating up her minutes .
not blocking per se , but depending on your carrier you can have your regular number always forward to your google voicemail . some information here : http://www.google.com/support/voice/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=164652 and here : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/voice/thread?tid=00a93855af6943b4
i suppose one way to do this would be with a general call blocking app . i use mr . number call block on my phone , and you could set it up with the following rules : block all calls add your gv number as an exception to the blocking rule that should allow you to basically block all calls that do not originate from you gv number . the downside to this would be that blocked calls would not get forwarded through gv 's call service , but rather would get sent to voicemail ( or you could choose to have it automatically answer-> hang up to block the calls completely ) . for outgoing calls you should just be able to use the settings in the gv app . my evo has an option do use gv for all outgoing calls , though i am not sure if other phones do , to be honest .
you might want to take a look at sharegps : sharegps allows you to use your mobile 's gps just as you would an external one for your pc . it has the ability to send gps status strings out over bluetooth using virtual com ports and over usb using tcp ports . then you can use your favorite mapping program such as google earth to display current gps position and to produce tracks . ( emphasis is mine ) there is a user 's guide available explaining how to set it up on a linux or windows system . if your notebook is a mac , there is nothing said on that here . there is also a thread over at the xda developers about simultaneous wifi-direct and gps-via-usb tethering which might be worth a look ( even if it is only for the gps-via-usb part for you ) . if you wonder what that might use for the gps part -- umm , above mentioned sharegps it seems . so this might count as an additional how-to for that said solution .
looks like all you need is here ; http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1085725 there you can download the kernels , and the scripts and lordmodue app to use them .
mobile firefox includes support for firefox sync , which not only keeps your bookmarks in sync between your mobile device and your desktop firefox ( es ) , but also supports opening tabs you currently have open in your desktop browsers . i know this is not exactly what you were asking for ( del . icio . us/gmarks sync ) , but it works perfectly and makes any other bookmark syncing site obsolete for me .
there is an add-on for dolphin browser hd which can sync with google bookmarks : bookmarks to sd . gomarks for google bookmarks is also in play store . do try xmarks too if you need cloud bookmark sync ( not limited to delicious , gmarks ) . it has an android app as well as dolphin add-on too . but , its not free on android .
if your phone supports it , you could upgrade to ics . the stock browser and ( presumably ) chrome beta support syncing to google .
you can not . and you should not . samsung 's proprietary touchwiz interface , has the hability to change fonts that are distributed as apk files and can be installed like any other app . i am not aware of any other manufacturer that integrated this feature into their device . it is also a bad idea to change the fonts . if they have different x-height parts of the letters may get cut . they may not have some special characters that the system or an app expects so boxes or nothing will show up in it is place . legibility can also be an issue . there are fonts that do not have any of these issues , but they are rare and are mostly the same type as the system font , so you will not notice much improvement .
i know this is a low tech answer but i have had this happen before , normally due to screen smudge from fingers or liquid splash/residue on the screen . give the screen a good clean ( use cloth from a pair of glasses ) and see if problem persists . failing that shut down , remove battery and leave for 5 mins just incase it is a charge/capacitance issue .
you can do this with your native camera app . but you have to have jb 4.2 ( not 4.1 . x ) . go to the camera . tap on the camera icon and pick the item that looks like a small globe with a panorama stretched over it . that is the photo sphere mode . take a picture as usual . keep your camera steady . you should see a message to align your camera with the blue dot . tilt your camera up , down , left , or right slowly to match the center of the screen with the blue dot for the next area . the picture will snap automatically when you get there . keep going for as long as you wish to take as many images as possible and make your complete photo sphere . note : this may look a little weird if you try to take pictures of people , since they tend to move between shots . landscapes and interior shots are your best bets .
after flashing please wipe data cache and dalvic cache .
the good new is your phone is not bricked , so yes , you can still fix it . just enter download mode again and flash with odin one more time . to enter download mode you have to : power off your phone press and hold volume down + home + power buttons at the same time . press volume up button when warning prompt .
sdk : adb shell getprop ro . build . version . sdk complete list : adb shell getprop through the package manager : adb shell pm list features
check this forum . it is dedicated to the development for custom rooted roms on gt-i55 series . there are roms for i5508 , i5500 , i5503 . maybe slight modification may port it to i5510 . you should ask the dev team for some assistance .
i would like to try cyanogenmod but my phone is not in the list of supported phones , is there anything i can do ? if you had search more carefully , you had find this topic ( link ) . there is cyanogenmod for your phone . but this firmware in early alpha stage of porting . another great link . if i do not like some rom i installed i can uninstall it and go back to the default rom or any other , right ? yes , you are right . also i would note that there is not dedicated uninstall procedure , but you always can reflash your phone to another rom version , including original stock rom . if i get to root my phone without troubles , can installing the rom break it or my only risk is with the rooting ? the most risky part is , of course , flashing . because if something goes wrong , you may get bricked phone . but usually everything is ok . also android supports recovery boot mode which can help in case of unsuccesful flashing .
firstly , it is not an official update . secondly , to fix this error you need boot your phone into recovery mode ( press power + volume up + home ) . after that , move the cursor down to " wipe data/factory reset " and select " ok " ( yes to all ) . then select " wipe cache partition " and " ok " ( yes to all ) . finally , select " reboot system now " .
i do not think you have installed update provided by samsung . i am samsung s ii plus owner in india and i didnt get any ota update yet . this problem might be due to corrupted rom . roll up to the previous rom it'll work cheers !
i would suggest you to go back to 4.1.2 using odin and then try to update back to 4.2.2 . here is the link to the official 4.1.2 rom http://hotfile.com/dl/201564582/e4fdddc/samsung-updates.com-gt-i9105-inu-i9105ddamc2-1363593737.zip.html
if your phone is stuck in recovery mode , you can try these steps to force it to boot to android : remove the battery , wait a couple of minutes , then put the battery back in . turn on phone and see if it still boots into recovery mode . if it does still boot into recovery mode , hold down " volume up " button and then press the power button . the recovery menu should appear ; using the volume buttons to move the cursor , select " reboot system " and press the power button to select it . if it still boots to recovery , go into the recovery menu again and select " factory reset/wipe data " . your phone should be reset back to factory defaults and boot properly . if none of this works , most likely it is a hardware issue and you will need to get the phone itself looked at by a technician .
it is possible that the problem is in your battery more precisely in battery controller . there are a few possible solutions : try recalibrating your battery . try removing /data/system/batterystats . bin . put somebody 's battery inside ( if you know somebody with the same model ) and look how phone works . if it works fine with somebody 's battery then just buy new one .
while connected via usb , you will notice a usb icon on notification bar . drag the notification bar down , you will see a " usb connection " item . click it . select " none " or " nothing " ( i am not sure about the option name in english , because my motorola milestone is in portuguese ) .
apparently the winamp app has an Enable auto-mount setting that is by default set to true . problem resolved .
it is very unlikely that you can control the sensitivity . most of these magnetic switches are simple reed switches : the magnet pulls two contacts together , closing the switch . the software simply gets an on/off signal , not a quantity it can filter . it might be possible to add the delay solution you suggest in a custom-rom , but i do not know of any with this functionality .
my current guess is that the script took a lot of cpu time because it uses a very inefficient way of calculating the log file length , which is to read the entire log file to memory and use length . this should not have been much of an issue if the log file is small , but since you said that log file 's current size is more than 50mb , this shows that the log file is not getting trimmed properly . another concerning issue is that init scripts are supposed to only run once at startup , but this script is obviously being run periodically . if my guess is correct , you may be able to fix this temporarily by deleting the log file , but eventually the slow down will occur again when the log file is filled again . check if you have the latest version of your rom , maybe it is fixed in the latest version ? otherwise if it is an unmaintained rom , you will need to figure out a way to fix the script .
as you have already figured , a built-in solution is : open the contacts app on the " old device " in menu → import/export , chose to export copy the resulting 0001.vcf file to your " new device " on the new device , open the contacts app and chose to " import " from menu → import/export hint : take care there is enough free space available on the " exporting " device ( file might get large , as contact pictures are stored inside it as well ) . you might not always get a warning when storage runs full , but instead end up with some " incomplete export " , which then cannot be imported on the other end . now for the second part : why did not they sync automatically ? first , there are a few different " storages " to be considered : on sim google contacts these two are available on all devices . depending on device and rom , there might be additional " storages " , e.g. exchange pc suite assuming you are speaking of google 's sync : that only takes care for google contacts . as the pc suite would only cater contacts in pc suite to sync them with its desktop counterpart , and exchange would not care for anything but exchange contacts ( you would not want your personal contacts appearing in your company 's address books , would you ? ) . sim contacts are a very special case : nothing cares to sync them anywhere . i am not even sure whether import/export is touching them . so as parts of your contacts have been stored as " lg pc suite contacts " , these have not been sync'd with google ( and your " google contacts " not with lg suite ) , which explains the miss .
try installing the llama app then removing it . for some reason it fixes this , i had the same problem . there is a issue on the tracker that could help .
i took the phone to two different verizon stores , talked to phone support , and even got a replacement- to no avail . finally i installed the sound manager app and set it to " vibrate whenever possible " . this fixed the problem !
there is a separate vibrate setting in the menu for sms messaging under settings .
yes , an ebook from android market ( in google books ) has a different format from the kindle . it would seem that you can obtain google books in either epub or pdf ( more information here ) . amazon books are in the azw format . this comes down to personal preference . i have read books on both google books and kindle on my xoom ; i see little to no difference in quality . both can sync to my phone to keep my place . since you have a kindle fire , perhaps sticking in the amazon ecosystem would be a good idea , since you may wish to un-root in the future . there are a lot of pdf readers ; just recently the kindle software was updated to read pdfs . i personally use ezpdf pro for pdf files because of speed and its ability to remember my location in pdf files from read to read . this again , would be personal preference ; however i have loaded mobi into the kindle app without problems . the book acted like any other i had in regards to reading ( except it did not sync across devices and had to be manually uploaded to each of them ) . i would suggest looking at this question as well for more information on ereaders . so , the kindle app does what you want it to do overall ( books , pdfs , and mobi ) and also is a major part of the kindle fire amazon ecosystem they have setup for the device ; and may be the way to go if you decide to revert your fire to its un-rooted state . edit ( addition ) : amazon also seems to like releasing updates that un-root your device ( and prevent further known rooting methods - for now ) . source states that unless you have changed roms , you are susceptible at any time on wifi to get the update .
it happens . do not worry , its just a minor brick . you can recover it . what you have to do is , you have to flash your htc mini with a new firmware ( either stock/cyanogenmod/any custom rom ) . but proceed by your own risk . now follow up how to flash custom rom/cyanogenmod/ stock rom on htc mini on google . you should find your answer . good luck !
b1 free archiver works good for unzipping files and password protected files . how to uncompress a password protected zip file ? it is very simple , just tap two times on your archive and enter the password .
try archidroid and it will do your job . . . it extracts password-protected rar , zip , tar , gzip , bzip2 and 7zip files . . . amazingly it is free . . . other apps did not work for me but this one works like a charm : )
install dual file manager . this program lets you unzip password protected files .
just change the extension from .nbf to .zip . for detailed step-by-step instructions , read this . go to settings , sync and backup in old nokia symbian phone . click on create backup and store the backup in memory card . connect the old phone to your pc through normal ' mass storage ' mode and open the backup folder from memory card . copy the .nbf file from memory card to your pc . the trick lies in this step when you fool nokia around . .nbf stands for nokia backup file . just change the extension from .nbf to .zip and extract using winrar/peazip . here you see a list of .vcf files in the extracted folder . connect your android phone to pc and transfer these files to sd card or internal memory . use this free " import contacts " app from google play and transfer contacts .
according to the manual for your tablet , there should be a " reset " button . try holding it while powering on the tablet and see if it boots into special mode ( recovery ) that lets you perform a reset .
the following link may help you . http://www.howtogeek.com/130611/how-to-factory-reset-your-android-phone-or-tablet-when-it-wont-boot/
rather than sleeping , i spent a few more hours experimenting . i found what works best for my needs is an ftp server app . for casual transfers , when both devices are connected to the same network , i will just transfer through my access point . with the limitations that implies . if i am not near an ap or just want full speed , i will deal with the hassle of setting of the wi-fi direct partnership and then launch the ftp server . it usually takes 3-5 tries before the devices connect , but once they do , ftp works stable and fast . furthermore , this solution also satisfies my secondary goal , of being able to use the same method to transfer files between android device and pc . now , there are a lot of ftp server apps out there . most are ad-supported , most are rather big as well . to my surprise , there is also quite a performance difference between them . i thought i would might as well shared my experience with the four ftp server apps i tested . . . required permissions none of the tested apps required ridiculous permissions . just the following special permissions : full network access modify or delete the contents of your usb storage modify or delete the contents of your sd card prevent tablet from sleeping prevent phone from sleeping in addition , andreas liebig 's ftpserver also required : read phone status and identity speed test setup the speed test was not exactly scientifically performed , but devices were in the exact same spots during tests . ftp server app running on nexus 7 filezilla ftp client running on windows 8 laptop both connected to the same 802.11n network . windows reported the link speed as 130 mbps ( i know this is not exact ) i downloaded the same 103,4 mib large file two times through each app test results all stats , numbers and other facts are as of march 30th 2013 . apps ordered by measured throughput , fastest on top . andreas liebig 's ftpserver price : free latest version : 2.4.0 ( 2013-03-26 ) size : 78 kb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.6 android os requirement : 1.1+ comments : initial configuration required , not plug-and-play . detailed server log on main screen when service is running . no anonymous access possible ? throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 43 seconds @2.4 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 47 seconds @2.2 mib/sec boby ertanto 's my ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 2.1 ( 2013-02-28 ) size : 1.2 mb install base : 50.000-100.000 avg . rating : 4.1 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : simple interface . very basic settings . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 48 seconds @2.2 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 49 seconds @2.1 mib/sec the olive tree 's ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.11 ( 2013-01-14 ) size : 1.1 mb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.4 android os requirement : 2.1+ comments : based on apache ftp server . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec berserker 's ftpdroid price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.3.1 ( updated 2012-12-28 ) size : 2.0 mb install base : 50.000 - 100.000 avg . rating : 3.9 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : based on pure-ftpd . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . troughput : 103,4 mib downloaded in 135 seconds @0,8 mib/sec , 103,4 mib downloaded in 121 seconds @0,9 mib/sec conclusion not only is andreas liebig 's ftpserver the only completely free of the apps tested , it is incredibly light weight ( 78 kb ! ) , can run on any android phone you can find but also has the fastest throughput of the apps tested . once the initial configuration is done , the main window simply displays your standard ftp server log , whereas other applications pretty much displays nothing but a few buttons and maybe the ip address and port of the server . thank you , andreas !
i use an app called hitchernet-beta to move files across wifi direct between devices . it is fast and stable , great for pushing video files and other big files . in jelly bean the permissions issues of other versions are solved so two way transfer is possible . i am working with these guys to build wifi direct into a game app i am building . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kharybdis.hitchernet
i am budius , the developer of the wifi shoot ! and i must say that j4velin 's explanation is really spot on and pretty sad . i started developing it just because i saw this cool technology and no one was using it but it only proved to be a big headache . even during development ( i was using a transformer tf300 and a galaxy nexus ) it took me much more time than it should had and i had lots and lots of problems simply because the technology is broken on the driver level . example of that is that asus removed support for wifi direct on their jelly-bean built of the transformer ( and that was reason for one of my 1-star rating , it stopped work on the user transformer ) if my app was completely free i probably was going to the same approach of j4velin and simply pull the plug on it , but now i feel i can not just cancel it for the users that paid for it . i started checking some options to allow it to operate over normal wifi too and only use wifi-direct if the user specifically request for it , but it is a personal project and i simply do not have free time now . really hope the manufacturers get their act together , but i would not put my hopes up . anyone who always uses bluetooth everyday ( a technology that was originally developed in 1994 ) know that sometimes you have to reboot your mobile just to have it connect to a headset .
i released an app last week that i hope will solve your problems . wifi direct friends https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cobaltstar.wififriends most significantly , it can transfer files in both directions once the two devices are connected , which i think seems to be your main big issue . so even though you may have to guess which device to press connect on ( blame the device manufacturers ) , you will know that once they are connected you can send and receive no problem . make sure you are not connected to any other wifi networks , or else things will get slow and unreliable . i also added auto restart of the wifi when there are problems or hangups in the initial connection process , so hopefully there will not be much guesswork or troubleshooting . you have hit the nail on the head with regards to finding problems about how wifi direct is implemented across these devices . we are dealing with the most trivial use case of the technology here and the internet is full of tales of woe . direct just does not seem ready for prime time in any big feature that needs to be depended on .
have you tried superbeam ? should work between android devices , will not work with pc though .
from the homescreen , go to menu , then edit . this brings you to an overview of configured home screens . long-press the one you want to remove , and drag it to the trashbin which appears . continue until only 3 screens are left . similarly , if you want to add more screens , there is one " screen " with a plus-sign ( "+" ) in the same place . tap that one , and you will get an additional screen .
check your apns . this might help : http://www.htc.com/mea-en/supportviewnews.aspx?dl_id=949news_id=654 note : apns are provider specific , the linked walkthrough covers ksa mobily postpaid subscribers , but if you google search : ( your provider ) apn settings , it will turn up what you need and then just substitute those values for the ones in the walkthrough . good luck !
i would bring the phone to your carrier 's local store . if a different sim card from the same carrier works , then it is possible that your sim card is damaged or corrupted . the carrier may need to replace it for you . keep in mind that some carriers ( or authorized reseller outlets ) will charge you for this .
update : bluestacks android app player now has a ms surface pro tablet - optimized version bluestacks android emulator has now finally arrived to windows 8 ( no rt version currently available ) , and works like an absolute charm on windows 8 pcs , notebooks and ultrabooks alike . bluestacks for windows 8 supports an elegant interface and runs in full screen mode by default . the application is also fully optimized for the 1920 x 1080 hd display of surface pro . bluestacks for windows 8 is perhaps the most interesting application to hit the os so far . it’s a significant boost to the otherwise lukewarm offerings of windows store . bluestacks works on all variants of windows 8 , but not on windows rt . testing was carried out on windows 8 pro 64-bit . http://www.bluestacks.com/ the above extract was taken from an article entitled " bluestacks android app player now has a surface pro-optimized version " was written for addictive tips by waqas ahmed on 13th february 2013 . for more in depth info : http://www.addictivetips.com/windows-tips/bluestacks-android-app-player-now-has-a-surface-pro-optimized-version/
you could , but without support it would be difficult . android does not 100% support for all apps on intel/amd processors as well as this , you would have to write a kernal / kernel object to support the specific hardware of the device . this can be quite difficult if propriety information is unavailable . you would be better to ask at http://forum.xda-developers.com and ask if someone has ported android to your device , or a device you would be wanting to buy .
the vast majority of devices are not capable of supporting both oses . however , you can try android x86 on non-arm tablets ; i have tried it on my windpad and it works . it is just like dual-booting with linux . probably the most significant limitations are that some hardware is unlikely to work , as driver support is not comprehensive .
you could use the stock messaging service by adding numbers seperated by a comma into the recipient box . but in my opinion there is a better option . you can download groupme which let 's you message multiple people at a time . you can choose whether to use sms or your data connection to send the message .
i am on 2.3.5 in the basic " messages " app you can go to the message , clicknhold , view message details . there it shows all recipients . if i just reply it only goes back to the sender . now , others that i know have iphones replied and it went to everyone . . . there is a " reply all " option after you click and hold .
in 4.2.1 ( maybe in 4.2.0 ) there was an option added to the mms application to support multiple recipients . while you may have been able to see them all the way that william stated , i have never seen that option . in 4.2.1 you click on the menu and select " group participants " . this shows everyone that is included in the conversation . when you reply to a group now , it sends the messages to all participants , not just the person that sent you the message . i know this does not relate directly to your question as you are not asking about 4.2 , but i do not know of a way that this can be done in anything pre-4.2 . this feature was discussed a bit because it was the first time android supported this feature . while you could always " start " a group conversation in any version of android , you could not " participate " in a group conversation with anyone other than the original sender .
as ce4 pointed out , privoxy just seems have to left the playstore within the last month . at the moment , the probably only candidate left seems to be filterproxy . on the other hand , if you have your device rooted , there are some additional possibilities working by manipulating the device 's local hosts file . a quite good candidate in that case would be adaway , with the alternative of using adfree and several other candidates .
there has been a port of privoxy for android , it was available in the play store but has been deleted : old and broken google play link . the author 's site has a page still here but no downloadalbe . apk . you might have luck by asking him for an . apk . i do not know of any other port , alas .
i use google voice and only give out that number for calls and texts . it has a very nice " do not disturb " feature .
mr . number is an app that lets you set profiles based on volume profile ( silent , vibrate , etc . ) that allows you to block all call/texts for a given profile . when you are done , simply switch off that profile ! also , as richard mentioned , airplane mode + gps activated would be a wonderfully simple solution : )
there are several ways to accomplish this : airplane mode : you say that it does not allow gps , but it does . you need to enable gps when you are in airplane mode . disable radio : in dialer enter *#*#4636#*#* select phone info and pick turn off radio . take out your sim card . this one is only applicable if you have a gsm device . you can enable call forwarding in Phone settings -&gt; Call forwarding . if your only problem is that calls interrupt music than you can try using a music player allows you to set how audio focus changes are handled . one example is poweramp .
on my nexus s with miui rom i use firewall : turn it on , select the " reject all calls " behaviour , and i am set . . .
turns out the last paragraph added to the book is meant and of course not turning it in the overview . this is the information : this is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by google as part of a project to make the world’s books discoverable online . it has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain . a public domain book is one that was never subjectto copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired . whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country . public domain booksare our gateways to the past , representing a wealth of history , culture and knowledge that’s often difficult to discover . marks , notations and other marginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book’s long journey from thepublisher to a library and finally to you . usage guidelines google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible . public domain books belong to thepublic and we are merely their custodians . nevertheless , this work is expensive , so in order to keep providing this resource , we have taken steps toprevent abuse by commercial parties , including placing technical restrictions on automated querying . we also ask that you : make non-commercial use of the files : we designed google book search for use by individuals , and we request that you use these files forpersonal , non-commercial purposes . refrain from automated querying : do not send automated queries of any sort to google’s system : if you are conducting research on machine translation , optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful , please contact us . we encourage theuse of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help . maintain attribution : the google “watermark” you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them findadditional materials through google book search . please do not remove it . keep it legal : whatever your use , remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal . do not assume that justbecause we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the united states , that the work is also in the public domain for users in other countries . whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country , and we can’t offer guidance on whether any specific use ofany specific book is allowed . please do not assume that a book’s appearance in google book search means it can be used in any manneranywhere in the world . copyright infringement liability can be quite severe . about google book search google’s mission is to organize the world’s information and to make it universally accessible and useful . google book search helps readersdiscover the world’s books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences . you can search through the full text of this book on the webat http://books.google.com/
the solution that has worked for me is : upgrade to a nexus s running cyanogenmod 10 .
try this , it worked for me : ctrl + [
i use a zagg bt kbd . i have used others , but not with this app . i use the external keyboard pro app from the play store to reassign keys . my one kvetch , and it is a serious one , is that i cannot reassign the ' home ' key that takes me back to the ' home screen ' with it . and i hate that . i do not want any sort of magical keys on my kbd . that is why i am using a kbd . and i do not think there are that many people using an external kbd with an android device who are not professional typists to some degree . users who hunt and peck are going to be fine with the osk . and the rest of us are going to hate life everytime we hit the ' home ' key and exit our apps . that being said , i have the ' return ' key and the f2/mic-on key mapped to esc on my asus 10.1 tab . it is sufficient to keep me from plucking out my eyes and warning kings of dire times ahead , or wandering around in the day time shining a lantern in poeple 's faces . this is a good thing , but there must be a way to make things ' better ' . the app is not awesome , but it works and it'll get you close to what you want . i am 85% happy . i found it via : http://www.howtogeek.com/175267/the-htg-guide-to-using-a-bluetooth-keyboard-with-your-android-device/
turning off other processing features , like face recognition , may also improve performance . . . though at the expense of other benefits .
i think that if you tap on the screen to set a place for the focus , you will gain some seconds for the effective shoot . it is also allow you to focus on a special part of the picture . i hope it is help .
i would recommend afwall+ as equivalent to a packet filter on a desktop computer . note that afwall+ is just a gui to generate iptables/netfilter ( linux kernel feature ) rules . to apply those rules , afwall+ requires root privileges on the device . afwall+ gives you the possibility to allow/deny certain applications to open outgoing connections over wlan/mobile data ( which can be enabled separately ) . another nice feature of afwall+ is to allow/deny applications to open connections to hosts in your local network . to see what is going on you can use the application network log which can show you the incoming and outgoing connections on your device . this application also uses iptables and requires root privileges .
there is no real firewall in android , but this does not mean you are totally unprotected from the outside . ( there are some measurements from the underlying linux kernel . ) every app chooses it is own ports and decides weather the connections are encrypted . android apps usually do not open any ports , hence the there is not that much of a need for a firewall incoming data is often handled and transmitted through google cloud messaging . ( here i do not know how it works and the data is transferred )
just swap your launcher . you can use go launcher
this might help : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1138791 you would need to have your phone rooted for this hack . it is for xperia play , but would work on other xperias , as i have done this before on my xperia arc s successfully .
i am using the images provided by the android-x86 project . they run fine in virtualbox , and ship with google apps pre-installed . for details , please see : android emulator for windows ( on our sister-site for software recommendations ) how to install android in virtualbox at howtogeek android emulators at izzyondroid ( my site ; scroll to the end of the page for emulations of android , as the list starts with emulators running on android ; ) ) find android-x86 iso images on their google code site
you should go to mcafee settings there is an uninstall option somewhere in the settings , on pressing that mcafee will ask you if you would like to remove it from device administrators , continue with the uninstallation from there . and , for your immediate issue , i think your device has got a serious virus/malware or may even have been hacked , which is causing remote control by someone ( i do not know if i am exaggerating a bit ) . so firstly try killing all the network connections , manually remove sim card ( if your device has it ) and turn off the wifi router and then observe if those issues persist . if issues persist factory reset your device , but prior to it take a backup of all data ( or i think you should not because it will carry the malware with it so do accordingly ) .
remove and add again your google ( main ) user account . this should do the trick .
here 's what i did . assuming you have set up the sync process : go to firefox on your pc , click Bookmarks in the top right corner choose Unsorted Bookmarks . this opened a new window for me where i could see a section called Mobile bookmarks that i had not seen anywhere else . click and drag this Mobile Bookmarks folder to either Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu , whichever you want it to appear under ( note : the Bookmarks Menu is what we clicked on to start this process , i advise you try both and see which you like best ) . profit . hope this helps !
on my nexus 7 , my downloaded books go in /Android/data/com.safaribooksonline/files/zips . they are stored in xhtml directories which includes various metadata , images and the chapters themselves as xhtml documents . while these look vaguely html like , they certainly can not be rendered in chrome or other web browsers directly , you just end up seeing all of the mark-up as text . i do not know how standard the xhtml format is for e-books , or whether other readers could understand the format safari uses , but hopefully this helps point you in the right direction .
well , the path is right . it is /&lt;datadir&gt;/&lt;pkg_name/shared_prefs/&lt;pref_name&gt;.xml  where &lt;datadir&gt; is usually /data/data
in order to share a link from google+ ( not a link to a g+ post , but a link shared from a post ) , you can use an app which appears as a web-browser , and then passes the url on as a share intent , opening the share menu . i described this in my comment on liam w 's answer , and finally did find an app that does what i described , called browser intercept - share url . works like a charm !
the simple answer you cannot . expanded answer the share button on google+ posts in the app is called the ' resharing ' button - it is just like retweeting on twitter ( as most people probably know ) . there is currently no way to share google+ content to other social networking/messaging/chat apps etc - this is by design of the app , and cannot be changed . the only way to do this would be to ask google to implement this feature , or to decompile the app and add it yourself ( which would be obviously very difficult ) . the conclusion so , i know that this is not what you wanted to hear , but i am afraid that no-one will be able to give you a ' correct ' answer to this question , as there is no way to share google+ content outside google+ using the google+ application .
as everyone stated , this is a feature inexplicably missing in the google+ app . ( if i were vic i would have resigned in shame too ) google+ only copies the link to the clipboard . but we can use clipboard manager to share the content of the clipping to other applications . and you can be notified when a link is copied to the clipboard :
tap the post you want to share open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) tap " link " you will receive a message : " post link copied to clipboard . " you can now paste that link to whatever sharing mechanism you had like not the same as using the android share function , but , again , google+ is not alone in doing this . i do not know when this function was added to the g+ app . of course , it only works for public posts .
start off by making sure that you are plugged into a usb 2.0 port . then , put the device in download-mode , $ sudo adb reboot download continue flashing with heimdall , $ sudo heimdall flash --recovery recovery . img that should work ,
the problem fixed itself when i removed all google accounts and added a new device ( a new nexus 7 ! ) to my account .
error rpc:s-5:aec-0 is known issue and many are facing the same issue as you . check : google play error [ rpc:s-5:aec-0 ]
according to the official knox website , samsung knox is tightly integrated into the operating system . it uses hardware support to verify the bootloader integrity , a custom bootloader to verify the os integrity , and a custom kernel at runtime . it changes the layout of the device 's filesystem to add separate encrypted storage for the business-related files . it also relies on hardware support through arm 's trustzone technology . depending on how much of the hardware support already exists on other samsung devices , it may be possible for samsung to later backport the knox feature for older samsung phones with a device update , but it is certainly not possible for anyone else to do so , not even by installing a custom rom . ( that would not add the bootloader support to ensure the rom is not changed later . )
if the system shell on your android device is an mksh ( i.e. . /system/bin/mksh , normally ) , and the mksh version is recent enough that it supports direct builtin calls already , then you can create a link or symlink from echo to mksh ( anywhere not mounted noexec ) . this will then expose the shell’s echo builtin as externally callable utility . note that you should normally be using the builtin , not an external utility , for speed , if possible . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
yepp , in the shell . echo is a built-in command , see why is echo a shell built in command ? , wikipedia : shell built-in , and the echo command . so you will not find any " echo binary " , as it is contained in the sh command .
you can click on the applications icon , then bring up the menu and there should be edit in there . you will now be able to drag icons back and forth , remember to press the menu button again to save it .
if you have the ice cream sandwich update , pretty much all you have to do is hit the menu button from the home screen , select edit , and then long press the application you want to change . for gingerbread , click the applications icon , then follow the same procedure ( menu button , edit , etc . )
use an alternative launcher like launcher pro / adw / zeam / go launcher etc . they allow you to customize the icons that you want at the bottom of the screen in addition to many , many more useful features .
the transformer prime has a problem with its gps all right . you can get a free external gps adapter that fits into the docking port . http://event.asus.com/asuspad/tf201gps/
i have several bluetooth-gps adapters that i use with all of my devices when i need a superb signal because a specialiced receiver is almost always superior to a smartphone 's internal gps ( due to integration constraints ) . gps receiver : my favourite is the bluemax 4043 bluetooth receiver . it has more than one day uptime , it can also log 32mb of gps data and uses a cheap nokia bl-5c battery . linux support ! openstreetmaps wiki has a comprehensive list of good receivers ( search for the bluetooth enabled ones ) . software support : cyanogenmod7+ can connect to gps bluetooth receivers , stock android users may install 3rd party apps like bluetooth gps provider . it is very handy for my nook color tablet that has no gps but bluetooth ( asus transformer prime users also have this kind of problem ) .
it will be stored in the root of your device ( /sdcard ) . if you plug your phone into a computer and access the phone you should see it like this : ( this is on my nexus 7 but it will appear the same )
well , doing the ota update to 4.0.2 from 4.0.1 did not brick anything . superuser is still installed and apps that require root supposedly have root permissions , but they claim they do not . i will attempt to re-root it , as i do not see why that will be an issue . thanks .
you can unlock the bootloader before re-rooting your phone , but the phone will wipe ( this is unavoidable ! ) , so back up first . . . and copy your backups off the phone
if none of the other things work , go to Apps &gt; Google services framework . click Clear cache and data button . then , reboot .
ensure that on the device Settings | Data usage | Mobile | Mobile data is set to on and that if Set mobile data limit is checked that you have not reached that limit .
yes , this sync was my problem too . . . just tried below settings and worked : go to settings then to data usage click menu button check auto sync now go to your account section where you should see all account syncs are enabled : )
it might be caused by a proxy server configured in the apn . see this question : google apps losing connection to the servers when on mobile data .
are you sure that the sync option is enabled for gmail ? go to Settings-> Accounts-> Google-> Your account -> Gmail this last must be checked . also check if the sync option is active at all .
my phone galaxy s4: on mobile network only my gmail app was not pushing automatically , gmaps was slow , youtube was not working or really slow and calendar was not syncing . after looking on the internet i was not able to find the solution . i have tried everything that was simple like clear cache , reboot , sync off/on . . . but finally with this site i come up with the apn reset solution . i did it and also i have found that google services had the check mark on for restrict background data . setting/data usage/google services i have never touched this option before so i do not know why it was checked . after these two steps my phone works perfectly now .
found out the problem . orange wap was selected instead of orange internet in settings > access point names .
yes , i had the same issue , it never worked for any pc usb keyboards , except the one which we bought from domo , that ncase k6 . that k6 worked perfectly ( even to my pc ) . but a pc usb mouse worked on my domo slate x3g . buy a ncase k6 or , preferably you could install usb host controller from play store , as said by the first answer . . that should fix your issues .
install usb host controller from google play , and run it .
try to scroll down the list to find the inbox . i think it is listed below , but it seems missing at first . i could not see it at first . but after several tries , i got the list to scroll down to find the inbox .
make sure your phone is powering off completely before you try to boot into the bootloader . for a dhd you might need to go into Settings &gt; Applications and uncheck the " fastboot " option in order for it to power down completely ( source ) . if #1 does not help , try turning your phone off , then pulling the battery . after you have pulled the battery and waited a few seconds , hold the volume down button and put the battery back in the phone . then continue to hold volume down while you power up the phone and it should land on the bootloader . if #1 and #2 do not work ( or you are lazy , since i think this is the easiest way ) , plug your phone into a computer that has adb on it . make sure usb debugging is enabled , then simply enter adb reboot bootloader from an adb terminal . this will ( unsurprisingly ) reboot your phone into the bootloader .
not with galaxy xcover gt-s5690 gingerbread xxla6 . . . adb reboot bootloader boot " normal " . also #2 boot normal . volume down and power up boot into recover which is not bootloader " mode " . gobbling thing .
i was also frustrated by windows 8 ( 64bit ) with this as well . after upgrading from win-7 64bit to win-8 64bit , i was a little miffed to discover that i could no longer connect via bluetooth to my windows machine and play what was on the phone . i tried using the software for win-7 from the adapter manufacturer - no good . so i bought a medialink bt ( version 4.0 ) adapter . the device instructions say to not use the cd , that win-8 will install the necessary drivers . --- drivers installed , bt adapter found and installed , but audio streaming from my phone still did not work . so i tried to let the " autorun " feature of the cd install drivers , but win-8 stopped this saying it was " buggy " . so i " explored " the cd and went to the vista_win7> win64 directory and ran inst . exe . this installed all of the manufacturers bt stack . now when i connect my htc vivid ( ics ) through bluetooth to my computer , a " remote control " for my phones media player pops up on the pc desktop and allows me to start the player . this solved my audio streaming from android to win-8 64bit problem for $14.99 . . . woot !
you could use dlna , this allows to stream music , viedeos and pictures : dlna - android/windows support mediaserver android app ( documentation ) media server ( playstore )
yes you can . depending on your bluetooth adapter on your windows computer . connect the two together , find the phone connection and choose " control " . there you can connect to the phone as " music and audio " . of course this can be different on your computer and then i cannot help you .
i think it would be better to ask in the appropriate section on the xda developers forum . the one for your rom can be found here the creator of the rom should be able to help you . there are number of reason why you can not install the rom , the most probable for me is that your zip file did not download properly . double check the expected and downloaded file size for any discrepancies . also make sure that your recovery mode supports installing custom roms
this error comes normally for two reason . you have a corrupted . zip so you should try re-downloading . you have an unsupported recovery . according to your rom 's requirements , you must have stock kernal . most of the time while rooting , we flash a different kernal . so you may have to flash your stock kernal back again . and also you must have a cwm recovery , as they say . you can find it here http://techcure.wordpress.com/2012/10/17/how-to-root-and-use-cwm-for-galaxy-y-gt-s5360/ if you have already done these steps , please let me know . i will try to help as much as i can .
it is understandable that your battery life will decrease when you run 4.4 on an older device like the s2 . but that is strange . try identifying the process like the other users suggested . i would also suggest greenify , an app that can put processes and apps into automatic hibernation , decreasing their cpu toll .
interesting ! never seen a phone that did not list ' screen ' as biggest drain . i would try uninstalling apps until it is fixed , my theory being that some cheesy app ( spyware ? ) keeps calling home . start with the running apps list--anything running that should not be ? got gps turned off ? how much free storage do you have on the phone ? if the phone 's memory is nearly full it will overwork itself , in my experience , perhaps defragging . if none of that fixes it to your satisfaction then i would wipe the phone clean and start over . let us know what you find out !
that is very interesting . have you looked for the " unknown " app in your application manager ? that may shed some light on the subject , if it can or can not be found anywhere in there . other than that , look at some recently downloaded apps , see if they have any weird numbers in the app manager . a very puzzling problem indeed .
if you are rooted , i would recommend downloading better battery stats ( or wakelock detector ) from the google play store , and finding the name of the ' mad ' processes . if you are not rooted , i recommend you root as other apps can not access battery stats as of android os version 4.4 .
with audio muter you should be able to set the media volume to silent , however it is a paid app .
i created a task in tasker called silent that does this and created a widget that allows the one click behavior you are looking for . basically silent is just a set of tasks that set the notification/ringer/system volume/etc to level 0 . here is the xml for the silent . tsk . xml if you want to import it .
have you tried doing this with syncing your bookmarks over google account ? i know that stock browser reads the bookmarks synced with google account when logged in . if you log into google using chrome browser , syncing bookmarks and then logging into google using stock browser should get your bookmarks there . can not test it because i am currently on 4.2.2 and do not have chrome for android installed so this is just a guess how it could be done . edit when you first start your chrome browser it asks you right away to login into your google account . if you have done that it asks you the same question as in the desktop version - whether to synchronize things like passwords , bookmarks etc . between your chrome instances . if you have done the first thing and answered the following question with " yes everything " or just " yes " with a marked checkbox for bookmarks you are pretty much set up . if you do not have this done yet you can reconfigure synchronization in chrome settings . now if you take a look into the bookmarks section of chrome you should see some folders like " mobile bookmarks " , " other bookmarks " , " desktop bookmarks " ( due to my german version the titles may differ a bit ) . every bookmark saved under " desktop bookmarks " will be synchronized back to your google account . if you open your stock android browser some minutes later and login to your google account when asked you will see your google email address as a folder/category inside bookmarks section containing your bookmarks from chrome . even if you will install i.e. a chrome browser on your desktop some day you will end up with your bookmarks/tabs/passwords/ . . . beeing pulled from your google account once you login . here are some screenshots ( as i already mentioned they are unfortunately from my german version ) :
try the following solution from another website : method 1: if your device is on stock firmware , that also means it does not have a custom recovery like cwm or twrp not installed on it , do the following steps : pull out the the battery of your phone , wait for about 30 seconds and reinsert it to its place . boot your device into asr ( android system recovery ) mode . the method involves a hardware key combination and varies from one phone to another . for samsung phones , for example , the key combination is volume up+ home + power keys . the tablets which generally have no home button , you can enter the recovery mode by pressing and holding the volume up + power keys simultaneously . in the android system recovery , scroll down to “wipe data/factory reset” option using the volume rockers and select it using the power key . in case , wiping the data factory does not help you , you should also try “wipe cache partition” . when you have wiped the data/factory , go back to the main menu and reboot the device by “reboot system now” option . the bootloop problem should be fixed now . method 2: if you have a rooted device with cwm recovery installed and your phone is caught into a bootloop after flashing a custom rom or mod , do as follows : pull out the battery , reinsert it after 30 seconds and boot the device into cwm recovery : volume up+ home + power keys simultaneously . go to “advanced” choose “wipe dalvik-cache” now go to “mounts and storage” choose “wipe /cache” reboot your phone the bootloop should be gone now . if it still persists , do this . boot the phone again into cwm recovery now go to “mounts and storage” choose “wipe /data” choose “wipe /cache” then reboot your phone . now the phone should reboot normally . next time when you install a rom , follow the instructions prescribed by the developer . be more attentive to the warnings before experimenting with any third party rom or mod . always ensure what you are about to install is meant for your device . if the above methods do not work ! in case you are not able to get your device come out of bootloop , your final option should be to install or restore a previously backed up rom by putting the device in recovery mode , or to install the official firmware/factory image to your phone your tablet .
on some devices which do support wifi-direct , the corresponding binaries come pre-installed ( e . g . the wpa_cli command ; see also how can i install wpa_cli on my rooted device ? ) . if you have those ready , you can use them on your android device as you would do on a linux machine ( find a closer description e.g. in the blog post how to : use wpa_cli to connect to a wireless network ) . of course that would require a terminal emulator to be installed on your device ( take e.g. a look at android terminal emulator for a good candidate ) -- at least if you want to issue the commands directly . as the linked " how to " describes , you can use wpa_cli in interactive mode ( by directly executing it ) . on the " wpa_cli shell " you then can execute different commands : scan scans for available networks , with add_network you can select an available network to configure with set_network . an example could look like this : &gt; add_network 0 &gt; set_network 0 ssid "WLAN-Network" &gt; set_network 0 psk "SupahSecretPassphrase"  this would trigger a connection phase , which could look like : another good source to take a look at is android from the command-line , which gives some more examples -- not only restricted to wifi .
you can access them through the group " starred in android " in gmail
to change whether a contact is a favorite or not , go to your contact list , click on the contact name , then toggle the " star " in the top right corner of the contact screen .
for editing , this question should help , although it is specific to the htc incredible . for removing , it is the same idea ( select contact name , not icon ) then remove them from the favorites group . hope it helps .
removing it from " favourites " or " starred in android " did not work for me . i do not have any star either on my htc wildfire . you have to find your contact in the " phone " list ( this one where you go when you want to call someone , middle bottom of the desktop ) . then you touch it , wait until menu arrives and . . . tap " remove from favourites " . interesting that you will not find this option in " people " app , or in contact details either .
android syncs to gmail , contacts , and calendar nearly effortlessly . it seems like in your case it is outlook that is the problem child . do you need to sync contacts with outlook too ? if not , a one-time export/import from outlook to gmail should meet your needs . i would say have outlook sync with google and have the phone sync with google . syncing the phone to outlook too will probably duplicate data and/or leave gaps in your data .
i was looking for a way to sync my x10 with outlook and found this link , it is called my phone explorer http://www.hackitz.ca/droid/android_contact_sync_outlook works good , and it is free
i heard that it is a hardware ability in phones which should provide electricity for usb devices to run . also most of the sony phones support it but few samsungs devices . i have a galaxy young . by the way , i now see this page . the new developer claims the young is an o.t. g device . . . i hope so .
there is no way to enable usb otg on samsung galaxy y duos . thats all i know so far .
you did not mention which version of android you are running , but i believe this will work in most modern versions . the exact location within the settings may change depending on version and device manufacturer . if you go in to settings -> battery and then select an app , you get some or all of the following details : cpu total time in seconds keep awake time in seconds data send data received i believe these details are valid from the last time the device booted .
arm is currently not supported officially by heimdall . you might have luck compiling it yourself : https://github.com/benjamin-dobell/heimdall/ my advice however : use a supported platform once ( win/mac/linux-x86/x64 ) and enjoy on-device updates from then on via clockworkmod recovery ( cwm ) or rommanager . reason : heimdall is only needed to install a bootstrap cwm once . after that you use the regular cwm . here 's the guide from cyanogenmod : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/wiki/samsung_galaxy_s:_full_update_guide cyanogenmod releases for cm7/9/10 in various flavours ( stable , release candidate , nightly build ) can be found here ( galaxy s i9000 ) : http://get.cm/?device=galaxysmtd
yep , you should be able to compile from source . here are the steps to install clockworkmod with heimdall from gnu/linux or ubuntu or whatever ( i tested it with samsung galaxy tab 2.0 7 p3110 ) : 0 . by following the steps below be prepared to lose your guarantee or brick your device . also make backups of your personal data . 1 . install heimdall ( and heimdall-frontend ) this software is a flash tool which copies firmware images to device 's specific memory area . you can find several guides how to install this even from source . you do not need windows stuff such as odin or kies or a fake software which contains the usb drivers because most probably the kerner drivers are preinstalled on your gnu / linux os . dmesg 2 . download the recovery image to your host computer from clockworkmod rommanager ( i am not allowed to post url . this is www dot clockworkmod dot com slash rommanager ) . find your device on the list and download some files from 3 columns . currently there are 3 columns : ~roms / clockworkmod : contains superuser . zip : copy to sim card or to device . this zip contains application which allows to execute android apps with root mode . it is not needed to backup/restore device partitions . superuser . zip can be installed in recovery mode . default recovery of samsung ( stored in recovery partition ) does not install the zip due to error : signature verification failed . if you want to root your device you must install a custom recovery image . backup of original firmware does not require this superuser hack . ~download recovery : this is a custom recovery partition : you can install zips or create backup or flash partitions . you can navigate between the menus with keys only - no touch : volume up and down and choose with power button . copy this to your gnu/linux host ( this image will be written to device with heimdall ) ~download touch recovery : this is a custom recovery image . you can navigate between the menus with keys or touch : volume up and down and choose with power button . do not forget to scroll there are a lot of menuitems ! turn off the tablet ( wait around 10 secs while screen goes black ) hold down the volume key which is next to the power button and hold down the power button . you may keep it pressed as long as you like : logo appears then device reboots . when logo appears release keys . android system recovery &lt ; 3e> loads . choose wipe data/factory reset with volume then select with power button . choose yes -- delete all user data . choose reboot system now and do not allow it to reboot : immediatelly hold down the power button and the volume key which is on the far side . keep it pressed until warning appears . connect tablet to gnu/linux host with usb cable then press the volume button next to power button . with root permission run command on gnu/linux host and be prepared for executing next step immediately sudo heimdall flash --recovery recovery-clockwork-touch-6.0.2.7-p3110 . img when it completes it restarts the device : remove the cable and immediatelly boot into recovery mode : hold down the volume key which is next to the power button and hold down the power button : keep it pressed until logo is displayed on 2nd time then release them . clockworkmod recovery loads . . . scroll down to see all the menuitems . you can create backup with " backup and restore " menu then " backup to external sdcard " after all use last menuitem : +++go back+++ / reboot system now . " rom may flash stock recovery on boot . fix ? : if you choose no then you can do the procedure again . . . / if you choose yes then samsung 's recovery firmware gets overwritten by clockworkmod recovery .
the bootloader is not generally on the /boot partition , it is on a separate one , although that is not really the crux of the issue . the problem occurs when the bootloader is cryptographically signed , which is intended to prevent you from replacing it with your own . the device will check the signature of the bootloader at startup and refuse to boot one with an invalid signature . after that , the bootloader checks the signature of whatever is in /boot , refusing to boot that if it is not signed validly . therefore , you can not overwrite either partition without rendering the device unbootable . when a bootloader is unlocked , it will not check the signature of the other partition images , which is why you are able to install custom roms . this means that you do not need to replace the bootloader in order to modify /boot , you just need to unlock it so that it skips the signature check on /boot . if the bootloader is locked and signed , then you are essentially stuck , barring an exploit that allows you to bypass one of the signature verification steps . this also means that locked bootloaders , in and of themselves , are not necessarily a problem . the real problem is signed bootloaders that do not provide an unlocking mechanism . the process is ( more or less ) analagous to uefi secure boot , although it is probably not exactly the same architectural implementation . incidentally , going with your example of linux , one of the primary criticisms of uefi secure boot is that it could potentially be used to prevent installation of alternative oses on traditional pcs via the same signature checking scheme .
try bearcontact on google play . it can keep unlimited call logs .
strange that clearing the data did not fix it . however , you should be able to click on each of the apps that are pretend-downloading and hit cancel .
the answer to your question most likely relates to this question " how do i change the google play country ? " . it details what you should do but read through the whole thing because the first answer requires you to make a purchase , but the second says how to do it without making a purchase .
if auto-correct is the problem , i would just turn it off . then you can type whatever you want without the system trying to over-ride your decisions . it does mean that you will have to take responsibility for any spelling mistakes , but it also means no more having your words twisted by a matching algorithm .
i also have this problem , where i often type in italian using many english words or even expressions . if you can not find a keyboard with support for two separate languages ( i know the xperia default keyboard does , for example ) , i strongly suggest you to try swiftkey . along with many wonderful features , it is also able to recognize up to three languages at a time ( e . g . you can start typing in french , and then type a word in english : swiftkey will recognize you are now using english , and apply the english autocorrect and suggestions ) - just install the appropriate language packs ( in your case , french , english ( gb ) and english ( us ) ) . swiftkey has a free trial that lasts 1 month , but some googling is enough to find out how to bypass the limit .
if i remember well : in the language and input settings click the settings icon next google keyboard . you can then change the input languages settings and select multiple languages . finally go the advanced settings there should be a way to enable a key that allows you to easily switch your input method when typing ( from memory it was by holding the space bar ) bon courage !
just relocking will not work , you need to restore the ta partition ( which contains drm keys for bravia engine ) that you must have backed up before unlocking your bootloader .
first , this often just a simple problem . little balls of lint and debris can gather inside the headphone jack . this can cause the plug not to seat fully into the jack . this will prevent the system from recognizing that headphones were connected . i have to clean mine out every few months . i just use on of the little plastic dental picks to pull the lint out . also , since this is not an official miui rom , it could be a problem with the port . try contacting the rom maintainer through the forum where you obtained the rom .
so , i have figured out myself what caused the problem , thanks anyway : i tried uninstalling some apps i installed before and looks like " business calendar free beta " caused this problem . after i removed it , it works just fine and normal . and i did not liked it anyway and i think the standard app is good for me .
take the image of the phone that is working by the following code first find out the dev block of the system partition cat /proc/mounts search for the system partitions and note down the corresponding /dev/block/ partition for example for my phone it is /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 now make the exact copy of the partition using dd command dd if=/dev/block/***** of=/sdcard/system.img copy this system . img from your phone to pc connect your other phone in fastboot mode run the following command fastboot flash system &lt;path-to-system.img&gt;
you will need the android sdk and your phone 's appropriate drivers so you can use fastboot adb and pull the files manually . here 's how to get into fastboot mode : pull battery and reinsert hold vol down , press and release pwr button ( continue holding vol down ) you should see a menu with the following options : fastboot , recovery , clear storage , and simlock ; select fastboot . here is a fantastically detailed guide for how to recover files ( post #22 ) : http://www.galaxyforums.net/forum/galaxy-s2-help/6232-screen-cracked-need-recover-very-important-data-3.html to address the custom recovery question : if the op is running 4.2 , he/she is most likely running a custom rom and therefore a recovery , as the latest official build from samsung for this device was 4.1.2 ( at least on the sprint and at and t versions ) . hope this helps !
have you gone into settings and turned motion settings on ? in addition , you have to be precise . press and hold the home button and power button at the same exact time and hold it for a couple of seconds . about two seconds when holding but press them at the same time . also , depending on your android version : volume down and power button simultaneously should work [ press and hold ]
home screen shortcut we believe it is an android bug . in fact , as i could confirm on a custom build , adding FLAG_ACTIVITY_SINGLE_TOP fixed the problem for home screen shortcuts , despite its documentation indicating pretty the opposite , as below . we find those docs very poorly written , at least . according to the developer , this fix is going to work as long as main app activity stays on top ( that is , editing a sync job then pressing home button for tapping icon again is not going to work ) . if set , the activity will not be launched if it is already running at the top of the history stack . tasker and autoshortcut for some reason , the above fix does not work in autoshortcut . i do not know how different the intent sent by this plugin is from that of the home screen shortcuts . either way , i have reported the problem to the developer . regardless , i also just have set up a direct intent configuration in tasker , instead of using autoshortcut , as follows : action : com.bv.wifisync.run extra : itemId:&lt;id&gt; ( see below ) package : com.bv.wifisync class : com.bv.wifisync.Hosts target : Activity you have to replace &lt;id&gt; with the actual number of the job you want to run . in my case , 1 points to my computer , meaning it will run all of its jobs . knowing the actual number seems just like counting from top to bottom , but in case this fails , here 's how i have found it ( android sdk and grep required on desktop ) : enable debug mode on the phone . connect phone to computer 's usb . run adb logcat &gt; temp.log . start syncme . cancel the adb command . run grep "Validated job" temp.log , this should show you the ids .
android gives activities a setting called launchMode , which allows them to control how and when they are launched . with some values of launchMode , starting the same activity again with an intent will not start a new activity : instead , it'll deliver the new intent to the existing activity . this might happen only if the activity is the foreground activity , or if it is anywhere in the current task ( that is , if you can get to that activity just by pressing back repeatedly ) . it is quite common for app authors to set launchMode to solve some kinds of programming or user interface problem , such as concurrency issues that arise from having two instances of the same activity running at once , one in the foreground and one in the background . when they do this , they do not always remember to write the code to handle the new intent the activity is sent by android : the activity receives the intent a different way to when it is first launched . it is hard to tell without knowing more about this app , but from the behaviour you describe , it sounds like syncme has fallen into this trap . you should tell the developer what you are trying to achieve , and ask them to fix it .
after quite some time a friend of mine goofed around and actually found the fix : cyanogenmod settings > display > automatic blacklight in here enable ' use custom ' and then look at the values in ' edit other levels . . . ' . the levels you want to edit are either the ones under ' buttons ' which are the values for the backlight of the soft keys ( home , menu , back and search ) and the values under ' keyboard ' is for the keyboard backlight . a value of 30 is standard for the ' buttons ' and the values for the ' keyboard ' are only 0 or higher than 0 . ( even though you can choose values between 0 and 255 , it does not seem to matter visibly . )
you can now download the latest version of google keyboard ( with sliding support ) from the google play store . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
i do not think that developer released a version of that rom that is compatible with your device so my advice to you would be to go to the optimus 2x forum and find a jelly bean rom there or you can check out this link other roms :
google tasks allows for nested tasks , and there are multiple clients that support it .
you could check out astrid task or checkmark they supports nested todo lists .
not a solution for this problems specifically , but have you tried using stackmobile ? it is a mobile-friendly ubersite for all stack exchange sites .
i had this while using " go launcher ex notifications " seems it was running two notifications at the same time , made a conflict , so i uninstalled and it seems fine . htc desire .
i do not have a legend , nor htc , but some googling turned these out : http://androidforums.com/htc-droid-eris/59163-process-com-htc-bg-has-stopped-unexpectedly-please-try-again-wtf.html http://www.incredibleforum.com/forum/htc-incredible-help/224-error-message-com-htc-bg.html apparently it is related to facebook sync .
i have also experienced this problem with an exchange account . my solution was to remove the account completely and re-add it .
go to settings-> applications-> manage applications select the application you want to remove . click uninstall . not all applications may be removed ( some are locked down by your carrier / phone vendor ) .
a quick , easy way to uninstall an application is to hold down on its icon , and then drag it to the trash can at the bottom of the screen like you would if you were removing a shortcut from your home screen . however , hold the icon over the trash can for a few seconds until " drop to uninstall " appears .
you can uninstall an application from the market or from the manage applications settings screen . from marketplace : start the market app . hit the menu button and select downloads . find the app you want to uninstall and select it . hit the uninstall button at the bottom . from manage applications : from your home screen hit the menu button and select settings . select " applications " select " manage applications " find the app you want to uninstall and select it . hit the uninstall button at the top . edit : i wanted to add a 3rd method that rohan singh had in his answer . from your home screen : tap and hold on the icon of the application you want to uninstall . when the trash can appears near the bottom center of the screen , drag and hold the icon there . after the tap and hold / drag and hold some text will appear indicating that you can uninstall by dropping the application 's icon on the trash can . release your finger over the trash can and you will be taken to the same uninstall screen you can get to through manage applications in your settings .
by using adb from command line : adb uninstall &lt;package name to uninstall&gt; 
may be you can explain a little bit more on what you are trying to do . . also , if you can list those custom kernel files , we can help better . if i need to flash a custom kernel , i follow below process : get the source from the git repository make my changes to the kernel source . change could vary from adding a simple debug printk statement to adding a new driver . build the kernel source using cross-compiler toolchain change the phone to fastboot mode ( i am talking bout g1 phone ) use ' fastboot ' to flash the custom kernel ( zimage ) using command : ' fastboot flash:raw boot zimage ramdisk . img ' use ' fastboot reboot ' command to reboot the phone using the new kernel hope there is some clarity now .
the kernel is part of the " boot image " , which is stored in a separate partition in the flash memory , not in a normal file . see http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack,_edit,_and_re-pack_boot_images
according to the developer , those disabled checkboxes are not implemented . source . you can still proceed with the flash even if F. Reset Time is disabled / unchecked . there should be no problems with it .
it seems like you are making this problem for yourself . as designed , apps can ask android to notify them when a network connection appears or disappears . some apps might want to be notified when they are running in the foreground , but some apps might need to be notified whether they were already running or not . this is necessary for the correct functioning of the app . it would not normally cause any lag , because background services always run at a lower priority than the foreground app . when an app finishes running normally , android caches it in ram , so that next time it starts ( whether it is a foreground activity or a background service ) , it can start immediately , using less battery . but if you routinely force-stop apps , or use a " task killer " or the " background process limit " option in the developer settings to stop them , then next time the same app starts , android has to spend time and energy loading it from storage again , causing lag . so my recommendation for how to stop your phone lagging when you connect to wi-fi is that you should let android do its own job of managing processes , and stop trying to micromanage it . leave that force-stop button for cases where a buggy app has gone out of control . for more information on why task killers slow your phone down , see the answers to how can i stop applications and services from running ?
install widgetlocker lockscreen . it allows to add homescreen widgets on lockscreen . update : htc widgets can not be added to widgetlocker , but third-party general widgets can be . so , install beautiful widgets app , first . it has exact htc flip-clock alternative .
just disable wifi . i have 1.5.1c beta 2 . look for ccrusher1 on the forum , and message me if you need more help .
well , i went over to the android forums and asked . . . apparently , it is a known bug in all overclocked versions of shinjitsu . i installed the non-overclocked kernel ( as an update . zip from the sd card , with clockwork ) and it is been almost two hours and everything is working perfectly !
android ringtones , more often than not , come in ogg vorbis format ( .ogg ) , so you had be better off using that format . ( it is weird that your device does not support mp3 , mine works great when i put them in /sdcard/media/ringtones . but then again , every device is different . )
usb host mode requires android 3.1 or above . so long as your device is running the correct os you should have the required drivers to run usb host mode . however not all roms are equal . you can find usb host mode driver apps in the play store for some models that do not have the drivers built in . htc incredible http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=751535 nexus one http://sven.killig.de/android/n1/2.2/usb_host/ installing and using the usb host diagnostics app from the play store will allow you to run diagnostics showing if the os currently supports usb host mode and if your device has been detected . loading the usb host mode drivers allows your device to connect to a usb device in host , however you still need the drivers for that device to be present . many devices will function under generic drivers included in the os , but not every device is compatible with generic drivers , nor has their specific drivers included as well . i would proceed by installing the correct driver for your dongle before proceeding . however , if you want to bridge these connections , this is not a function supported out of the box by android . a good router would be a better choice . to enable bridging on android you will need to be sure that your wifi module is linux supported , a working wpa_supplicant module from linux for that dongle , recompile drivers for the dongle , recompile a bridge utility from linux , and time . would be easier to use two andoid devices , each on a different wifi network , connect them with bluetooth , and in android 3.0+ you can bridge the two wifi networks this way .
ok so you are wondering if you can change the download folder by changing some sort of config file . this sort of behavior has been sort of deprecated in android . as an android developer , we are supposed to make all of our cache files private so that they cannot be accessed by another person or , more importantly , another program . letting other programs root around in your files was a big security hole for linux , so it is kind of frowned upon now , so i would be very surprised if you found a config file where you could change the download folder . if you want to be able to set your download folder , then you could try to find an app on the market that has such functionality . and yes i know the frustration you are talking about , i used to use my droid 3 for doing my school email and finding and opening attachments was next to impossible .
the serial interface you see is a qualcomm diag interface . it has nothing to do with adb/fastboot . it can be used to recover the phone though by flashing the proper bootloader . you will need to use qualcomm tools like qpst and find the proper flashing image in qpst format .
long press the home screen , select samsung widgets--> select program monitor
i think the " task manager " app was available from the samsung apps store in android 2.1 , i seem to remember downloading it from there at some point along with the " my files " app . you can try going into applications list on your phone , finding the " samsung apps " icon and looking through the list in there . if your phone is running android 2.2 then the task manager is " built-in " and is not easy to delete . you can see if it is still there by holding down your home button for a few seconds until the recent apps list comes up , and you should have a taskmanager button at the bottom .
i had a phone qmobile noir a8 ; well i still i have it , but got a new one too . that phone was ics too . i tried many things but was not able to root it ; including and specially superoneclick . then i found bin4ry rooting software , its just a single click app . but it would require you to have a pc connected to the phone as its a command prompt type software , you will press a button ( say 1 , 2 , or 3 and even x to unroot ) to make the process happen . it was fast , and as my phone had ics , i am sure that would work for your phone too . all you need to do is to follow the steps provided by the developer of the software , donot try to be over smart while rooting or you might get into trouble ! now i have 4.2.2 :d which might not be and surely is not the concern so skip the thing . you should try out its latest version . here is a xda-developers forum thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1886460 good luck , cheers !
if you have got a computer with windows running on it , you might want to give the all-in-one toolkit a try . according to the xda-thread linked , you can download it from here or here . once installed and started , it gives you a simple interface to select actions from , including rooting the device install a custom recovery backup/restore partitions flash roms and bootloader and more . if i read the description correctly , the toolkit should work for gingerbread and ice cream sandwhich .
first of all , if you are not using knox you do not need to worry about the triangle status . second , to use triangleaway you have to be rooted , with supersu . if the google play version does not work , try the latest beta v1.99r3 which should fix many seandroid related issues . in fact it is highly recommended that you get rooted , so that you can remove both knox , ota updates , and the triangle , before you will receive the next ota update which may completely lock down your device . if you have never flashed your phone , and it is showing the triangle , you have either received a refurbished device or you have been cheated by the seller . the triangle is an indication that a otp ( one time programmable ) fuse has been blown in the past , due to flashing .
you can exec this command from the pc $ adb shell screenrecord /sdcard/video.mp4  need android 4.4 ( which you should have ) . devbytes : android 4.4 - recording app videos : http://youtu.be/etzrxxok_bs
have you tried pasting the rss url into rhythmbox/gpodder or another podcatcher , and transferring to device ? after selecting the podcast in the podcasts section , simply drag and drop to the device on the left side of rhythmbox when it is connected . you may have some success with apps on the phone , specifically , i had seen something for subscribing itunes podcasts in podax . i was having a similar problem accessing my university media on android , and rewrote the tunesviewer app for android access , which may work better for you depending on what you are trying to access .
these guys recommend isyncr as a solution . cons : it is not free , and it will not sync copy-protected content .
alternatively i can recommend the itunes u app “tunespace” for android
i throw the podcast feeds into my google reader account , and then use google listen on my droid , automatically downloads the pod casts
android does not directly expose usb device-mode to applications , but apps can transfer data indirectly via ip when using tethering . this sometimes requires an additional custom ' proxy-like ' software/driver on the host to unwrap the data . for example to interpret ipmidi as midi on linux , multimidicast/qmidinet is needed . host-mode however , has been exposed since 3.1 ( in android . hardware . usb ) . hopefully google will eventually support device-mode ( sigh ) . see these issues in project android ( and star them if they interest you ! ) : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=10176 https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=30198
this is not possible on most devices , since they do not support usb host mode . some devices have usb otg support or a usb host port , but these are relatively rare devices so far . in theory you could write an application on win/linux to access the phone via usb but not the other way around .
android devices as usb hosts has been a point of interest for all the developers . until the android 's honeycomb os ( os 3.0 ) , there have been no signs of possibility . the latest honeycomb api ( os 3.1 ) , however , seems to provide possibilities to support android devices being used as usb hosts . an api has been included for the same . therefore , though as of now very few android devices support the usb host capability , it will be possible in all the upcoming devices .
go keyboard also has an up button . you will just need to launch the editor .
1 ) if this game has to tested on your device and if you have the source code of the project you can disable or change the listener of button or what components it may be . the constants for catching the up button click event you may see in the activity . class is the following ; KeyEvent.KEYCODE_DPAD_UP  or KeyEvent.KEYCODE_CHANNEL_UP  you can change this constant with other keyevent constants . see link : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/keyevent.html 2 ) if this game does not have to be tested on your physical device , then there is emulator option whose virtual keyboard has many buttons . while creating android virtual device you have a bunch of screen options , ram storage , etc . you can create virtual device whose hardware is almost same with your physical device . after that you can push the . apk file by using adb-install command and test it on virtual device .
im not familiar with your device , is the big thing in the middle on the bottom a trackpad type device ? i.e. can you use it to scroll a long page if you rub your finger over it like you would a laptop trackpad ? if so then rubbing that thing with an upward motion should send the dpad_up event , which i assume that game is listening for . you might also try pressing on the top edge of this button thing , perhaps the whole thing is a dpad of sorts . if that thing is not able to scroll at all then im afraid you are probably s.o.l. the game is listening for an event that your device is incapable of sending . if you are interested in development then let this be a lesson to consider all device types and input schemes when designing your interface . {rant} what is with the trackball hate ? the first several devices had trackballs on them , and it was an excellent input method , now they have moved them all to this optical / touch sensor crud {/rant} edit : so even if your device does not have any type of trackball type device you are not entirely sol after all . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.pedrocorp.virtualtrackballhl=en that is an app that will give you a virtual d-pad or trackball . there might be a free one if you search around . p.s. if anyone with influence over hardware design happens to see this : making a device with no d-pad type input is terrible , it makes so many interactions needlessly awkward . please do not do it .
if you are testing snake from the android applications examples , you should modify the code in order to include the gesture class . i simply have done this by hooking the event_key manager by the gesture events . good training to get familiar with the gingerbread api :- )
well , if you have cyanogen , you could download swype , and go into the settings of cyanogenmod to show the keyboard on menu hold . then you could go into the edit menu , and press the up button .
you cannot track your building 's movements with the gps . its accuracy is not better than ~10m . if your house does move that much , you will not need any hardware to detect it .
check your cpu model . if you are running windows xp , it is likely that you have an older cpu that does not support some hardware virtualization features . for example , intel 's extended page tables ( ept ) are a feature that could account for the performance difference . anandtech has an excellent , techincal intro to the topic . basically , pre-ept page table lookups require a flush of the tlb , which is incredibly costly . later hardware accelerates this process .
first step : i would update the google sdk . the latest sdk introduced snapshots . this means you do not have to wait on the emulator to boot the next time you cold start it . instead it'll load right where you left it when you last closed the emulator . i am not sure why your home computer is performing less than your work computer if it has better hardware . my ( new ) desktop is running the newest i7 processor ( 8 cpus , however : the emulator only runs on one cpu . so your clockspeed is what matters here , not how many cores you have . does your home pc have a slower clockspeed than your work ? ) , 8 gb ram , and a ssd and the emulator runs much faster than my laptop ( last gen i7 with 4 cpus , 4gb ram , no ssd . but my desktop has nearly twice the clockspeed as my laptop ) . my guess would be the clockspeed .
you should try to use this bash script i wrote for you ( require busybox on your android ) : put the script in a file called script . bash ( change with your own path ) : now , in a terminal on your computer ( this is for linux , adapt it if you use windows ) adb push script.bash /mnt/sdcard/script.bash adb shell bash chmod +x /mnt/sdcard/script.bash /mnt/sdcard/script.bash  edit this is what the script does in-fine :
there is a much cleaner solution to this , which will work if you have email notifications in the status bar , and can turn internet access on from the status bar widgets . i found it in this xda-developers thread ; many thanks to aps786 for getting me out of a fix . problem already solved but just for others visiting this thread , there is a way to get rid of the issue ( which worked for me ) . when there was crash in adw launcher , statusbar still works . this is to key to get back to original theme ( as you can not access settings directly to set default theme ) opened status bar , start internet . from another device ( or desktop machine ) , send a mail to yourself with google play link for the new theme you just installed your status bar will now have new mail notification ( assume its activated ) now access your mail app and open the link from the mail now you have browser app opened with google play page you will have uninsatll option for that theme . just do it . now as new theme is uninstalled , your default theme will come in picture and everything will be normal . i hope this will help others fall in similar situation after installing new theme . i suspect you could also do this using sms , whatsapp , or any messaging application that can get to your notification bar .
try installing another launcher . then press the home key and it will ask you which launcher to use . select the " new one " . then try going in to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> adw and clear the data . you will probably also want to delete the " settings backups " that are stored on the sdcard , if you created them . then you should be able to switch back to adw . if you can not get to the market to install another launcher , you will probably have to side load i using adb . or as lie ryan suggests , use the market web interface to install another launcher .
it looks like what you are describing is actually the proper behavior , though it is not particularly obvious why that is the case . android , by default , scrolls your wallpaper to the left and right when you swipe around your home screen . this means that there is a sort of " virtual " desktop that represents the collection of your home screen pages , and it is ( basically by definition ) larger than the screen 's resolution . the general rule is that the resolution of the virtual desktop will be 2x wider than the screen 's physical resolution , but the height will be the same . therefore , when android is cropping your image for your 1280x800 screen , it is actually attempting to create a wallpaper with an aspect ratio that lines up with your 1280x1600 virtual desktop . thus , if the image you use is 1280x800 ( like your screen ) , it will be cropped and scaled in the process . if you had like to make a wallpaper that fits the sizing of your virtual desktop without any cropping , what is the default resolution of a wallpaper that fits the homescreen exactly in an android phone ? contains some useful links and resources .
those are the correct permissions and owner/group for hosts . beyond that , you would need to add additional information to your question for further assistance .
it is not detectable , but using tethering on android with an second device leaves a lot of traces : user-agent headers within http that come from non-mobile browser increased traffic consumption connection to services that are not available on android/smartphone devices ( e . g . world of warcraft ) and many more i can not think of atm . but i have never heard of a carrier that goes for a trial , even if it is a violation of services from most carrier contracts . imho mobile carriers have other problems at the moment , like overall increased mobile data traffic because of the smartphone boom . these is currently handled by soft limits of data traffic , that when reached only allow traffic over 2g connections . or , to answer your second question , if you buy a smartphone from some carriers , the build in tethering function is locked and not usable .
while your carrier would not be able to directly detect you are using wifi hotspot , they might notice that you are using a lot of data . this is often a red flag in their systems , and might get you a phone call and/or your bandwidth throttled/capped . wifi hotspot is not available on all devices . for instance , my og droid with stock rom does not offer this due to limitations artificially imposed by verizon . while a carrier cannot disable wifi hotspot on a phone by phone basis , they most certainly can limit your bandwidth and/or cap it at a certain amount ( for instance , i get full bandwith until i hit 2gb total , at which point it slows way down ) .
i do not think they can detect . yes , wifi hotspot is a feature on all android phones , i do not believe a carrier can block it on a phone-to-phone basis ( one of the reasons why i love android ) .
maybe i am wrong on this , but i thought tethering worked by setting up nat traversal and forwarding packets from your tethered device through your mobile device . this would leave a trace in the ip packets since the nated ports need to be embedded in the communication for nat to work . since your ip packets are not encrypted the carrier should easily be able to determine if you are tethering just by observing your data stream .
i just got off the phone with t-mobile because i am being throttled and i was upset . he said i was not using tethering even though i had been so it appears that no , they can not see that you are tethering .
i do not think you are talking about this app but tasker can do that : play store similar apps here
you could install a 3rd party aftermarket firmware like aokp or cyanogenmod ( originally intended for the tf101 model ) . from what i read , one can use rom images for the almost identical tf101 model ( and maybe also flash a sl101 compatibility package on top of it that changes only some minor things ( more keyboard models , sound settings , etc . ) . even asus ' official update zip for the tf101 is fully compatible with the sl101 . source : xda
i solved these problems upgrading it . go to setup -> tablet information -> firmware update . using android 4.0.3 i have no more reboots , nor freezes . manual downloads and instructions are available on the asus site here .
yes , you should still be prompted for otas . however , they could remove root . source : my n5 prompted me
depending on the recording app installed , that could be done by calling the corresponding activity via the am ( activity manager ) . the syntax for this is explained on the adb help page : start [options] &lt;INTENT&gt;  example given : am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW  this means , you first have to find the corresponding intent . this can be done using any manifest browser ( there are several apps available ) , or e.g. using the activity browser integrated with apex launcher ( long-tap free space on homescreen , select shortcut , then activity ) . the am call then can either be initiated from within a terminal in the way described above , or via adb by prefixing the call with adb shell , e.g. adb shell am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW . see also : http://en.androidwiki.com/wiki/adb_shell_command_reference
did some research on this myself before i turned on encryption on my iconia . . . the only way to decrypt the tablet is to do a factory data wipe . the ui should have gave you this warning when you chose " encrypt tablet " ( the iconia sure did ) . if you back your stuff up , wipe , and restore your backup , you should be fine . ( that is where root + titanium backup + clockworkmod + nandroid comes in handy ) this engadget post shows the ui and it is warning about the inability to decrypt .
you can use the " allshare " apk , which enable you to use dlna phone device ( im considering that your sony bravia supports dlna ) .
i am not sure about the g2x , but when i would reboot in to recovery on my galaxy s vibrant , i used to have to " apply updates " , which would run the update . zip that was on the sdcard , this would bring me in to the clockwork recovery . i also know that the adb reboot recovery does not yet work correctly on the galaxy s vibrant version , so this could be the same issue on the g2x .
this is a sign that you overuse your battery , frequently leaving your apps on . . . . your battery is damaged and might need to be replaced . . . but till you can do that . . . you can always : 1 . avoid charging overnight 2 . use the correct charger 3 . if you are not using your data or wifi turn it off , to preserve battery life
there are a number of apps in the market that allow access to apps only after inputting a password . for your second problem , i hope there is some way of preventing a user from putting a sim of choice ( either by encasing the device in a lockable case or something ) and then configuring your wifi router to only allow access to the site in question and block all other requests .
take the battery out , put it back again and boot in recovery mode . to do that , press the volume down key and power button simultaneously until recovery boots . then there should be an option to reboot . select this option . your phone should turn on . if not take it to a service center or wipe data/factory reset from the recovery menu .
my wife and i each have a samsung galaxy nexus phone and i have seen this exact issue from both of our phones . the devices can get into this bizarre state where they have a dead battery , yet will not charge when plugged into a charger . on our phones the solution is to remove the battery , wait a few minutes , then insert the battery and apply power from a charger . from there we get the battery charging icon without the device powering up . have you tried disconnecting the batter from the rest of the tablet ? there is an image here showing which connector to pull : disconnect battery on samsung galaxy tab 10.1 also , some devices can power up with the battery disconnected and only connected to wall power . i am not sure if the galaxy tab 10.1 behaves in this way , but since you have already cracked the case it is worth a shot .
i remember reading where someone had a similar problem with his droid x ( software failure , and the bootloader / recovery mode does not charge the battery ) , so he provided the voltage directly long enough to flash / boot normally , then reconnected the charger and battery . if you can at least get it into the " device is off but charging the battery " mode , you should be fine from there . sorry i can not be more specific in regards to your specific tablet .
final answer ( to wrap up the question ) [ short version ] : battery was utterly dead , when popped open and measured at the tabs , voltage was under the safe minimum . new battery ordered from ebay plugged in , tablet worked ! just had to to escape from a boot cycle of doom , root and install cyanogenmod 9 alpha ( of which there are numerous available tutorials for both of these around the web )
prolog : i faced a similar problem of a seemingly hard-bricked samsung galaxy tab ( not sure which model ; a rather modern one ) . when reading xda-developers on this matter , among many discussions of this topic , i stumbled upon an article which was slightly off-topic , but still interesting for me to look through it : it dealt with modifying the hardware at home ( jumpers , soldering ) , so that it becomes like a " developer board " ( used at samsung ) , with more special modes of operation ( here : unbrickable mod ) . and it said under " special instructions": a potential solution : the normal battery charging sequence [ after the modification ] can be activated by holding power for 4 seconds , then plugging in the device i had the crazy idea to try this on the dead device , although this was not advertised as a method to unbrick the normal , unmodified galaxy tab hardware . ( no other method had worked , like charging for many hours , or pressing various button combinations . ) my story : so i pressed the power button , held it for at least 4 secs , and then without releasing it , plugged the charger into the tab . and it powered on ! ( it was 100% charged . ) i thought about this in the following way : some error occured in the powering-on-and-charging circuit , and the described trick reset it , and forced a normal mode in it . epilog : perhaps , what did the trick was the other method mentioned here : to hold the power button , and touch the screen . i am not sure .
android runs the linux kernel for the core system and it can be ( and is ) optimized for various platforms ( compiled for arm , x86 , x64 , ppc , etc ) . here is a fantastic graphic to demonstrate this for you : source : post on unix . se android relies on linux version 2.6 for core system services such as security , memory management , process management , network stack , and driver model . the kernel also acts as an abstraction layer between the hardware and the rest of the software stack . source : http://developer.android.com/guide/basics/what-is-android.html and my comment on your second sentence is that linux kernel is not meant for only desktop operating systems . its use cases vary from desktop os to servers , mainframes and supercomputers to embedded devices . linux is a widely ported operating system kernel . due to its low cost and ease of customization , the linux kernel is used on a highly diverse range of computer architectures : in the hand-held devices and the mainframe systems , in devices ranging from mobile phones to supercomputers . on the other note : palm ( later acquired by hp ) use linux-derived operating system , webos , which is used into its line of palm pre smartphones . several network firewalls and routers from makers such as cisco/linksys use customized linux kernel . there are tons of devices out there which are using embedded linux .
fixed ! i posted a similar question on xda . forums and was pointed in the right direction relating to fastboot protocol . my device was not showing as installed correctly in device manager and nothing seemed to fix it , re-installing/driver updates etc . i started from scratch by uninstalling the original nabi drivers , java , sdk and adb drivers . ( i kept windows 8 usb unsigned drivers installed ) . i re-installed java , sdk , and adb drivers . i did not install the original nabi drivers . after re-installing everything , in device manager my device had no conflicts and when fastboot was selected in &lt ; 3e> recovery i then got the second fastboot protocol menu up and was able to use the command line to send the twrp image file to the device . ; 0 ) success .
i have a moto g as well ( small world ) and also had this problem when connecting to my school 's wifi network ( even smaller world ) . it appears like the moto has trouble autodetecting encryption settings on some networks . you can probably get it working by long pressing on the network , selecting modify network , and then changing the ' eap method ' and phase 2 authentication ' options to whatever your network requires them to be . get a friend to open their wifi settings and then copy whatever they have set . a reconnect should grant you access . please let me know if you have any questions or feedback .
easiest way would probably be to use clock work mod or twrp or some other recovery to create a snapshot of his phone as it is now . then you can simply flash back to his phone as it was . this will back up his current rom with all his apps , settings , etc . if you want a clean factory image , then do a factory restore on the phone and then back that up with a recovery . you might want to do both : backup as is now , with apps , settings and all , then factory restore and backup again . this way you can restore either to his phone as it is now , or to clean stock . but that is up to you . a very good tool for managing all this is jrummy 's rom toolbox ( there is a lite version also , not sure what is left out in the lite version ) .
can i increase this capacity to 1500mAh or 2000mAh ? did you mean increasing capacity from 1350mAh to 1500mAh on same battery ? ? it is not possible . if your phone supports a battery with capacity 1500mAh or 2000mAh , you can buy a new battery with these increased capacity . check manufacturer 's website for details of phone and batteries .
as mentioned on it is wikipedia page , android 's core is developed in c and c++ , and java is used for the ui . you can see this for yourself if you browse the android source code . for example , omapzoom . org provides the source for browsing without the need to downloads gigabytes of data .
as you told in question itself , android is linux based . so obviously the core is developed using c . on top of this , java is used for ui ( ie : android ) .
unfortunately there is no way to make text left-aligned with ankidroid . see the issue in our bug tracker , feel free to " star " it to receive notifications about its progress .
i have some files that i think are dictionaries in /system/usr/xt9 . they have language codes in their file names and are copyright by tegic , according to the header . these files are in the ldb format which appears to be a database format . i was not able to find any utility that can view or edit them .
most android versions allow you to add words to the native dictionary . most are found at : Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Keyboard -&gt; User Dictionary android 2.3.7 ( cyanogenmod 7.1 ) : Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language and keyboard settings -&gt; User Dictionary press Menu then Add android 4.0 ( ics ) : Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Keyboard -&gt; Touch Input (settings button) -&gt; Personal Dictionary -&gt; Edit personal dictionary you could then add the words without the accent marks and special characters , and it would stop auto-correcting them . if you do still wish to locate the language packs and are using cyanogenmod , this site indicates that the languages are stored in .apk files in the /system/app/ directory , for example LatinIME.apk would be the latin dictionary . additionally the source for this dictionary would be in ./packages/inputmethods/LatinIME as described on the site provided . ( it also goes over adding your own dictionaries , which means you could edit the one you use , and re-install it ) .
edit : it is not the answer you want , but provides useful info nonetheless , here 's the userdict file : /data/data/com . android . providers . userdictionary/databases/user_dict . db you need root to access it and sqlite3 to view the data inside ( here 's mine ) : localhost # cd /data/data/com . android . providers . userdictionary/databases/ localhost # sqlite3 user_dict . db . dump pragma foreign_keys=off ; begin transaction ; create table android_metadata ( locale text ) ; insert into " android_metadata " values ( 'de_de' ) ; create table words ( _id integer primary key , word text , frequency integer , locale text , appid integer ) ; insert into " words " values ( 2 , ' ok ' , 128 , ' de ' , 0 ) ; insert into " words " values ( 3 , ' lg ' , 128 , ' de ' , 0 ) ; insert into " words " values ( 4 , ' no ' , 128 , ' de ' , 0 ) ; commit ;
i believe this depends on your provider . for example : verizon 's cdma network does not allow you to do data + call ; however at and t 's gsm network will . and as eldarerathis points out : another potentially important distinction is that phones on cdma carriers with other networking capabilities ( wimax and lte ) will support simultaneous voice and data since they are essentially operating on two separate chips , so this can also be dependent on your device . so this ends up being device , and carrier dependent .
switch off your mobile remove your mobile battery and sim card press your power button for 10 seconds replace your battery and sim card switch on your mobile issue cleared it worked for me : )
this is a problem with your phone , that it only shows the sms on your phone , not on the sim . if you go into your sms application , and check in settings , you should have an option which says something like : Manage SIM SMS . from there , you should be able to delete the sms in your sim . other option is to insert your sim in another phone ( probably an old phone will have access to your sims sms ) and try it from there . yet another optio is to try some sms management application like handcent or gosms which may enable your to erase sms from the sim , though i have not tried these applications , as it is been a long time since i lat used sms
i do not know specific to your device . but normally in android it is like this : settings > > language and input > > language
i do not think it makes a difference which android version you use : the support for 4g is provided by the cell radio drivers , added to the system by the manufacturer . the samsung galaxy s advance does not have the hardware needed to use 4g networks , so upgrading the os will not add this support , and there is no way a third-party app can do that either . if you want a phone with 4g , you just have to buy a phone with 4g .
rooted or not : logging in via adb shell first brings you to a user-prompt only ( connected with the " shell " account ) . in order to work with root , you need to " escalate " your permissions by invoking su: &gt; adb shell shell@mako:/ $ su #  apart from that , there are a few root checker apps available as well . . .
i doubt very much that your battery is actually gaining energy , what with the conservation of energy and all that . instead i imagine that the meter is fairly inaccurate , and is inaccurate in a different way just after you turn on the phone , than when the phone has been running a while .
could be more than one problem . you could try : su mkdir /data/sdext2 mount -o rw,nosuid,nodev,noatime,nodiratime /dev/block/vold/179:2 /data/sdext2  http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1568686 http://androidforums.com/optimus-v-all-things-root/695963-link2sd-tutorial-new-updated-version.html in terminal , if you have access to : folders :  /data/ /dev/block/mmcblk0p2/ /dev/block/vold/  files :  /system/etc/init.d/11link2sd /system/etc/init.d/ 
you can try handbrake - a multiplatform open-source video transcoder . it has quite user-friendly graphical interface , and supports different device profiles ( you can roll your own as well ) . as to what settings to use on your xoom : here someone managed to find the correct settings to make their xoom play the transcoded video . some extra googling would probably give you additional information how to set the device profile in handbrake -- seems a lot of people are trying to transcode video on this tablet .
tasker should do the first things you asked about , but i doubt you will find anything that can recognize " tap the screen 3 times while phone 's screen is locked " or " shake the phone 3 times while it is locked " , short of writing a custom app . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskermhl=en tasker is a great app in general that you really should check out since it sounds like you want to do a lot of automation type stuff .
if you can access an adb shell , you can flash a recovery . if you open the recovery zip up and go to meta-inf/com/google/android/ you will find 2 files , you want " updater-script " . open this up with a text editor , and look for something that says dd followed by recovery . img . in that line near the end there should be something like " of=/dev/block/mtdblocknumbersnstuff " copy that line . from here on i will refer to that as " of=x " now go back to the zip folder and extract recovery . img to somewhere convienient . connect your phone to the computer and boot into recovery , then run adb push /path/to/recovery.img /data/recovery.img adb shell #cd data #ls  here it can output a bunch of stuff or nothing , but you are looking for " recovery . img " if you see it , good job , continue . if not , start over from the " adb push " command . dd if=recovery.img of=x  from there reboot back into recovery and you should see the recovery you just flashed .
there is apparently a trojan on the loose on some chinese android phones . avg has a version for your android phone .
an antivirus solution would really be waste of processing resources and battery life . each application is running in a locked environment and it cannot really infiltrate or break anything on other applications nor on the os . the only thing i would be looking into are malicious applications that are sending your private info to a remote server . in order to do this , a user would need to accept the list of permissions to access their private content . follow these simple two rules to protect yourself about such malicious applications : - never install applications that just came out on the market . - read the comments , usually a malicious application should be rapidly identified and the users will report it in the comments .
an antivirus app will have a major effect on your battery life . a friend with an htc desire could not understand why he could never get more than 4 or 5 hours out of his battery , even turning most things off , until he remembered installing one of the av apps to try it out . removing that brought his battery life back up to what it should be . when the first android troojan virus hit back in august last year , similarly to the recent geinimi trojan , in both cases the affected user had to willingly install an app that was from a third-party source , and go through the permissions screen where the app specifically asks for permissions that it should not really need . an attentive and careful user can protect themselves from these kind of threats just by taking care to only install apps from trusted sources , and to read which permissions an app asks for as it installs , and stop to think whether it really needs to do things like read your contacts and send smss . the real problem will come when a virus learns to either break out of its app 's sandbox and into another , or learns how to give itself root access , or take advantage of the root access that someone else has installed . this is what the iphone worm of about a year ago did , when it took advantage of the fact that the most popular iphone jailbreak app left all jailbroken phones with the same root password by default , and most users never bothered changing the password . no android virus has yet been shown to be able to do that .
kaprica security have twisted this on the head . simply connect your android device to the skorpion charger and it will be scanned for malware , viruses , and malicious rootkits while it charges . a review entitled a smartphone charger that sniffs for malware was written on 4th october 2013 by r . metz for the mit review .
unless you are paying for the service from your carrier , you can root your phone and install a tethering app from here . if you would rather not root your phone , you could go with pdanet from the market .
if you have android 2.2 , the functionality is built in so there usually is no need to install a separate app . just go to : settings > wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . however , depending on your phone , it is possible that your carrier has locked down this functionality . if this is the case , you can either root your phone and install a clean android 2.2 such as cyanogenmod , or you can call your carrier and pay their fee to enable it .
you can run cyanogenmod 6.0 , which is android 2.2 aka froyo . a few tipps of mine : if you do not want it to be terrible slow , disable dithering and all effects in the settings . maybe enable the just in time compiler ( jit ) . with the app titanium backup you will be able to remove some " garbage " apps which come with the cm release which is also helpfull .
no . you must root your phone and install a mod such as cyanogenmod to get your phone running a semi-equivalent of android 2.1+ . there is no stock rom for android 2.1+ for the g1 . additionally , if you do go with cyanogenmod , not all features are fully supported due to hardware limitations , such as livewallpapers .
red when plugged in - charging green when plugged in - charging complete . red when not plugged in - low battery warning blue - audio is recording or you have a notification waiting .
Settings -&gt; Language and Input -&gt; Text-to-speech output -&gt; settings Gear for Google TTS -&gt; Install Voice Data . then , click on us or uk for english voices , and download the male voice !
if you go to settings in google now and select voice> english uk , you get the male voice .
i have jelly bean 4.1.1 , and i was able to change the text-to-speech output setting to english ( united kingdom ) , which is a male voice . the setting is at Settings | Language &amp; input | Text-to-speech output | Preferred Engine | (settings icon) | Language . however , google now is still giving me output in the english ( united states ) ( female ) voice . changing the Voice | Language setting in google now to any flavor of english also had no effect . i am afraid that for the moment google now is only giving one option for english text-to-speech . ( i am in the u.s. , so i can not fully test it , but what i have seen jives with what you posted . )
the default pico tts engine on android is only a female voice . your phone probably came with a second voice engine that has a male voice , and it sounds like the voice engine somehow got switched from that to pico . to change it back ( on 2.3 aka gingerbread ) , open Settings -> Voice input &amp; output -> Text-to-speech settings , and click on Default Engine . change the default engine back to the other option . you can then Listen to an example to make sure it is set correctly . ics and jellybean should have similar options to change the voice engine .
not sure if this question can be answered any more , because i have had the english uk male voice back for a while now . turns out it was google changing things - not me . just one day it reverted back to the male voice . thanks to the guys who answered though ! : )
you could use some automation app to do this , having two steps in its task : switch to airplane mode , and then enable wifi . tasker is one app that can handle this , but i am pretty sure some of the free profile-switchers are also capable of this . with tasker you could place this with a profile executing as soon as tasker is started -- other apps might provide " default/base profiles " for this ( like locale does ) , or you might have to add it to each profile you create to make sure it always works . depending on your device , you could also use dazzle configurable switcher ( which comes free ) . as the name suggests , it offers a bar with " toggle switches " which you can configure freely . one of the toggles is for the ( cell ) radio . but not all devices support this : it worked fine on my htc wildfire , but my motorola milestone 2 will not let me switch that separately . here the state should be remembered even after reboot -- but again that might depend on the device .
searching ' the google ' , i found this simple and free app called cell radio shutoff . seems to work fine . here is what the dev wrote in google play ( as of 2013-10-07 ) : description there are 4 radios in a typical device : cell , bluetooth , wifi , nfc . this app allows you to just shut off the cell radio while leaving everything else on . airplane mode shuts off all radios and there is no built in method to disable just the cell radio . why to disable it ? 1 . when your cell radio can not access a tower it will drain your battery 2 . your location is tracked by carriers using your cell radio ( this is necessary so people can call you . . it is not that they are evil ) this app has been tested and works on the htc dream . send an email if it does not work on your phone . this does not work on the nexus 4 or the galaxy nexus . i will fix it in the future .
i installed cell radio shutoff for the convenience . my cell allows me to shut off cell tower radios via settings/sim management . this app allows me to ' toggle ' on/off . . . which is faster than going through settings and changing the setting from on/off .
looks like someone already figured this out and made a script using script manager that runs the script on boot . it turns the radio ( cell ) off , just the same as activating airplane mode , except that it leaves all other wireless settings alone ( that is , bluetooth , wifi , etc ) . or you can install a flashable zip described in this forum that you load in recovery mode . removes unnecessary apps ( messaging . apk , phone . apk , telephonyprovider . apk , mms . apk , telocationprovider . apk ) completely turns off cell radio on bootup installs the radiooptions binary in case your rom does not include it prevents emergency calls and 911 calls ( good for giving your kids your old phone to play with )
error code 961 appears when there is a misconfiguration of system files on the google play store . it is happening when downloading , updating and upgrading mobile applications for android operating system . to fix this issue , follow these steps . go to settings apps all and clear the cache clear data for google play store go to settings accounts and sync remove all the synced accounts open google play and register your id again if this won`t work , you could do reset for google play store . here how it do . go to setting click application or apps click manage application you will see downloaded , running , all , on sd card . select all choose google service frame choose force stop , clear data . restart . this will reset the google play store and you can start downloading apps as normal again .
there are 2 possibilities : go to google calendar and add your event ( reocurring and ending at a specific date ) using the app : add a reocurring ( never ending ) event , then go to the first date you do not want the event to occur any more and delete it with option this and future events
i have never found a way to copy and paste a calendar event - something for the wish list ! but . . . you can use the repeat function within the event to repeat it to your requirements .
it all depends on your usage . android system includes sync , so if you are not using your phone a lot then i would assume sync and standby would use the most battery -- so your details make sense . edit : as per the comments , i think the battery usage is being recorded wrong .
after some research i found some app on market that sets this global setting ( ' stayawake ' ) . missing setting looks like samsung or tmo customization . i am running official tmo 2.2 update ( t959uvka6 ) installed via minikies
if it is not in that menu it is probably no longer supported by default . you could likely achieve the same effect with either tasker or android scripting environment though .
somewhat related to developing , though . . . homescreen> menu button> settings> applications> development> stay awake that is what it is like for aosp phones , not sure about the vibrant .
let 's say : without rooting the device , it is quite unlikely to be possible . on a rooted device , one could symlink the download folder to a folder located on the sdcard , and thus trick the system to directly download to the card ( the way link2sd works with installing apps on sdcard ) .
it is not possible afaik look at those two links : http://forums.androidcentral.com/android-applications/246277-download-install-apps-sd-card.html http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-precedent/620201-there-way-download-apps-straight-sd-card.html but you can download it and move to sd card . for that see this link
you can attach files with the gmail app . just click attach image , select astro to browse and select the pdf you wish to attach
install the htc drivers for your phone . you can usually find them on your phone providers website , for example galaxy s3 from verizon can be found here
it appears that you have already tested the surest way . attempt to download the app and it will specify it is compatibility . you still might not be absolutely sure until you actually try to run the application . as mentioned in the comment , you can ask the developer or communicate with others who have used the app ( via feedback on google play or the author 's provided web site ) . the only way the author can be totally sure is by testing it on every android , or getting feedback from his users . there are many occasions where based on feedback the author has to go back to the drawing board to working glitches to support some devices originally thought to be compatible . i have a number of androids . i just clicked on the install option and find that it is compatible with my samsung galaxy s3 , my very old phone ( the samsung galaxy prevail ) . however it is not compatible with my samsung galaxy tab7 or my acer-7 tablet . by the way , good question . it really appears there should be something specific since play google is using some criteria to display compatibility .
no . built-in drivers are not modules , they are built-in ( hence the name ) . if it is not showing in lsmod , you can not get rid of it short of building a new kernel .
it is viable , as there are custom roms i have seen that contains the original kernel but different system files . there is a catch though : if for example your device ships with cyanogenmod and you want to put pa on it , you will have to get your hands dirty with the ramdisk as each rom needs slightly different init* files to boot . as for installing the rom , you will need to put it in a zip file and include a META-INF folder which will contain the files responsible for the correct rom flash , e.g. updater-script . the full procedure is too long to mention here , so i would say you should head over to xda to get the info you need .
you just need to add the --user 0 option to your am command .
ota updates are country specific . in india 4.2 is not officially available for i9250 . you can wait for official ota or install manually as @geffchang suggested .
try adb sideload from this tutorial . then use sideload again to update from 4.2 to 4.2.2 ( it is much faster ) . you do not need root or flash bootloader .
the devices which were bought from google play are takju and the ones from samsung are akju . i think your phone is yakju ( google play did not sell devices in india ) . takju gets all updates directly from google . if you want to get all updates from google at the time of release you have to convert to takju . how can you do that please follow below to convert from yakju to takju ( stock ) without losing your data/apps : ( assuming you know adb and fastboot and have set them up on your computer . also assuming that bootloader is unlocked ) [ please read before you implement ] download the 4.2 factory images for takju extract files using 7-zip on windows ( you need to extract twice and will get the files as : bootloader-xxx . img ; radio-xxx . img and image-xxx . zip ) copy these files to the location android-sdk/platform-tools/ ( if you have the android-sdk installed or to the location where adb and fastboot is ) plug in your galaxy nexus ( ensure debug option is enabled under developer settings follow these commands : a . adb reboot bootloader b . fastboot flash bootloader bootloader-xxx.img c . fastboot reboot-bootloader d . fastboot flash radio radio-xxx.img e . fastboot reboot-bootloader f . fastboot update image-xxx.zip this would update your galaxy nexus from stock 4.1.2 ( yakju ) to stock 4.2 ( takju ) without losing any data/apps note : if you are using windows , follow this video tutorial to setup adb and fastboot if you are on mac , use ./ before the commands for execution note 2: with this method you do not need to remove the userdata . img as the command fastboot update image-xxx.zip does not touch the userdata on your device . *disclaimer : tried with unlocked bootloader , but you follow these at your own risk . or you can download factory image for yakju from here and try similar step above for just updating ( without converting from yakju to takju )
official ota updates 4.2.1 are started for i9250 in india . i received it on 20-mar-2013 . check for updates from your system settings .
it is possible that india has not yet received this update yet . if that is the case , then you need to update it manually . this would require root access . here 's a manual update guide , in case you decide not to wait for an ota update , which may never come . edit #1: if india already has it , and your phone cannot detect it , try this : go to `settings > apps > all " . look for google services framework , and click force stop button and clear data button .
no , you cannot change the resolution of android in vnc in a standard way . however , some android phones have additional functions to support hdmi ( which results in running android at a higher resolution ) . if you can somehow tap into that functionality in conjunction with vnc , then you might be able to get a 480p , 720p , and 1080p option . but this is something that would be highly customized to a single phone as all of the different hdmi implementations seem to vary tremendously . one other option that would be yet another one-off possibility ( with some custom work ) would be if your phone supports webtop functionality . if so , perhaps you could tap into this . however , there is no third-party app that does what you are wanting . to do this , you will have to develop or find somebody to develop this highly-customized solution . as other have suggested , you are probably not going to get much better than changing the lcd density , which clearly is not what you are after .
try changing lcd density and see if that works for you http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/change-android-screen-resolution-with-lcd-density/
not quite the answer to your question , but you could run an android emulator ( on a desktop computer ) created with your desired resolution , and run the vnc server on that .
think i found the answer , there is no ramdisk in the blob from the 3.1 patch . . not sure if that is needed or not . . or if we are supposed to patch on top of the 2.6.24.4 kernel , basically i unblobbed it and found just a zimage , the 2.6.24.4 blob has both zimage and a ramfs . .
it took a lot of effort but i actually found a working solution to my problem . i first updated my phone to latest available android version 2.3.6 and that did not solve my problem . so i installed an app that shows me more details about the network setup of my phone . and after some digging around i noticed what was wrong : my phone did not have a default ipv4 route . how did that happen ? in the dhcp i push a default route ( dhcp option 3 ) ! i realized that when i just had the ipv6 link ( which is part of a whole new internet connection ) my phone did connect to the internet with both ipv4 and ipv6 . so i recreated the original setup and found that in that scenario indeed it does work . so what is different ? it took me two nights with wireshark to track the culprit down . the real reason turns out to be that i have a static route for my dmz which is pushed by my ipv4 dhcp server ( dhcp option 121 ) . when i do that the android phone only shows a route for the local subnet and the additional route i pushed . the default route is lost , hence ipv4 traffic is distorted . apparently android even no longer tries to do ipv4 dns requests ( which is the problem i started with ) . all of my other systems ( windows {xp , 7} , linux , android 3 . x ) do not do this and they keep all of the pushed routes and the default route . once i figured out what the problem was i could google more effectively and i found this bug report : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17525 which in turn led to a workaround that actually works ! ! quote from http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-635489.html so when looking at the dhcp ack packet you will see the default route in there twice : under option 3 and 121 . quite an unexpected workaround . . . but it works for me . it turns out the android behaviour is correct : http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3442#page-5 "If the DHCP server returns both a Classless Static Routes option and a Router option, the DHCP client MUST ignore the Router option." 
you could report the bug to the android developers , or vote on an existing bug , if there already is one open . this one looks a bit like the issue you are talking about . make sure you explain exactly what is happening , and how they can reproduce the issue .
as long as the alarm in fact snoozed and did not get turned off i would think you had be safe , just maybe a bit later than normal . : ) i can not find any other info about how to force alarms to play over notifications or of anyone else having the issue . if you are worried you could silence your phone at night , then notifications would be silent but the alarm would still go off .
please clarify what is the intended goal and why ? android phones have their own boot-loaders and cannot be overridden by other means . it is not like a pc 's bios where you can switch the ordering of boot to boot from certain devices such as network pxe , usb , primary/secondary h.d.d. . . edit : after the comments below , and in relation to the op 's question is there any way to boot an android phone ( e . g . one with usb otg functionality . ) via way of a bus-powered usb drive the generic boot-loader ( *which resides on the chip-set ) has no knowledge of usb etc , as the lk ( little kernel ) is more concerned about trapping keystrokes in order to chain-load into recovery or to boot directly into android environment ( when holding vol+down key in this instance ) - in pseudo-code ( this is from the context/aspect of lk , and also , the memory addresses pertaining to how to read the partitions are hard-coded into this lk so it will know how to process the logic ! ) the lk kernel is the de-facto standard by qualcomm for msm chipsets ( snapdragon ) and adopted by manufacturers such as sony , motorola , lg , samsung and can be found in the aosp source under bootable/bootloader . if ( is volume down key pressed ? ) then chain-load kernel from /recovery partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution , in bringing up the recovery environment else chain-load kernel from /system partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution in bringing up the android environment . end if . as the kernel within lk is pretty limited , considering that the binary image of the kernel is burned into the chip and therefore no way of modifying it . and also should be mentioned that lk contains the fastboot protocol in preparation for flashing /boot , /recovery , /system and /data partitions . there are two sequences to boot , primary boot and secondary boot as it is : primary boot -> lk ( depending on outcome of logic ) go into secondary boot -> /boot or /recovery side note : samsung is fond of the pbl/sbl ( which is primary boot loader and secondary boot loader respectively ) in their jargon when it comes to modding . thing about samsung , is that , in some handsets , pbl and sbl may be encrypted ( samsung wave gt-s8500 is one such example , where porting android to it was nearly impossible to do because of the drm within the boot loaders which was a nightmare to deal with and made modding it extremely difficult , nonetheless , it is sort of working via an exploit in the fota code ! ) this is why there are no extra facilities such as otg functionality or anything else such as serial communications , reading from sdcard , graphics etc as it would make the lk kernel bigger than is intended . in other words , it is the smallest possible size of kernel that is designated to do just the above pseudo-code happen . also , another way of looking at it is this , and this is dependent on the android version - the usb otg functionality is fully brought up within the android environment , i.e. when the familiar home screen appears , then otg 's functionality is enabled . unfortunately not the case when looking at it from lk 's perspective . if you are curious , here 's the qualcomm entry on the above lk which is a part of the tiny c source that has arm assembly included and found in jellybean 's aosp source in bootable/bootloader/legacy/usbloader/main.c
the vertical bars have handles where they meet the bottom of the graph , so you can adjust the date range that it presents . just tap on the handle for the left bar and drag it all the way to the left of the graph to see your usage from the beginning if your billing cycle :
the problem is that wiping data requires to overwrite it . on todays devices with lots of in-device flash memory and large sd-cards this can take a while - up to several hours . this leaves a lot for the attacker to interrupt this process and try again . therefore wiping triggered by false login attempts is only reasonable if your data is encrypted . then you wipe the device by simply erase the key from memory that is required to read/write your data . since android honeycomb ( 3.0 ) you have the possibility to encrypt all your data and to erase the device if the wrong password/pin has been entered several times . therefore what you want to achieve is only possible with android tablets at the moment . for smartphones you have to wait for android ( 4.0 ) ice cream sandwich .
apparently , this might not be a built-in security option in the os itself , but exchange activesync can enforce this requirement .
you could easily hide by using custom launchers like apex or nova . but if this is not an option , you could try apps available on google play like [ ccswe app manager ( root ) ] or [ hide app-hide application icon ] which needs root access . *i want you to read the user feedbacks on google play before consider using the app because some said the icon gone forever after it was unhide . you can also try to disable the app from setting -> apps . this will hide app icon from app drawer . you can enable it again when you need it .
you are using ssh -T which prevents tty ( 4 ) allocation . without a controlling tty , many things do not work – without any tty at all , a lot more things do not work . do note that your original problem is not due to the lack of a controlling tty , but due to the lack of a pty/tty pair allocation . what you are having here is basically input line “editing” – in your case , not-editing – on the ssh client side , which is then transferred over ssh to the android device . try with ssh -t ( lower-case t , note the difference ) . i can locally reproduce your problem by running ssh -T localhost mksh -i , which also leads to a shell without any input line editing , so pty/tty allocation is the way to solve , here . i assume , from the edits on the question , that /dev/ptmx exists and /dev/pts is mounted already , and that this is an selinux problem . setting $TERM will solve nothing here : it is merely there to tell programs that use termcap or curses ( mksh uses neither ) which physical terminal ( or emulation thereof ) is connected to the tty device . mksh uses a tty for command line editing if it is there , and disables command line editing if it is not there . you need to edit your selinux policies to allow the ssh server to allocate a pty/tty pair ( or even several ones ) per connection . ( this answer has been edited to fold in the comments from this and the original question , and to reflect some edits to the question . )
try to use vlc for android . : )
it is likely because the player app you are using is not aware of the embedded chapters . i recommend searching google play store for video player apps that support this feature . a quick google search points to simple cinema and xbmc ( not on google play ) . i have not tried these personally , but this should start you off in the right direction .
add the files to the /media/audio/ringtones directory on your sd card . see also : how do i set a custom mp3 as a ringtone for other notifications ?
open the . mp3 file in the stock media player , and from there choose menu> set as ringtone .
use ringdroid ! it is got a spectacular gui , it automatically finds all music files on your phone , and allows you to make custom ringtones and set them directly from the app . best ringtone app i have ever used .
a search of the play store for the phrase " game services " finds about 20 games at the moment . additionally this google docs spreadsheet lists many games with game services integration : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0aitefls7rhjydfzgufq5mfliu2iznfpmqtazc0jhmk
adding any number of duplicate ssid 's is possible if you have a unique ip address . in lay man 's terms ssid is nothing but just an identification given to that particular network given to distinguish that network from others for simplicity . what defines that network is it is ip address . if you have a conflict between an ip address then it may be a real problem . for some devices ( like samsung ) you need to check the to display open network connection if available in order to view open connections and for some devices it shows by default . ex:-let 's say you have two network 's with ssid as test . test1 has an open connection available for public use and test2 is for personal use and is encrypted . your mobile device will simply connect to a network whose signal strength is good . as the ip address is different there will not be any conflict and you can do your browsing . in case there is any conflict ( same signal strength ) then the device will ask the user to select the desired network or search for a new network . caution:-browsing an open network for reasons related to finance leads to severe security threats browse at your own risk . an ip address serves two principal functions : host or network interface identification and location addressing . its role has been characterized as follows : " a name indicates what we seek . an address indicates where it is . a route indicates how to get there . the most simple definition for ip address i could give is- ip address act as you house address to which the shipment has to be delivered . if you have two same addresses then to whom will the shipment be delivered . for further details about ip read this
the release notes do not indicate that compatibility has changed , so it is probably a bug . you can report bugs to the developer , check out the support area on the website : http://www.twofortyfouram.com/support.html
i am the developer of locale . this issue only occurs with pirated copies of locale . pirated copies of locale are modified by hackers , so a pirated copy of the app is not the same as the version purchased from the android market . the hacking process changes the code of the app , introducing new bugs that were not present in the original . please only install locale from the android market , which will resolve this issue .
the system app , performancemanager . apk has the line hello world , pmeasyview ! in the resources . arsc file . this does not appear to be malware , just a mistake that this appears to some users with the motorola task / performance manager .
it is likely to be a debugging message from a program you have installed that the programmer forgotten to remove . if you want to seek which program that does it ; you can try to copy all installed applications ( android apps are installed from market are in /data/app/ , pre-installed apps are in /system/app/ ) , unzip them ( an . apk is basically a zip file with a certain directory structure ) , and search which ones contains the string ( you can use grep in linux/mac or find in windows ) . if you do found out which are the offending app , please post it here to save other people from the hassle .
this is because the device location is detected from the sim card in use . i am not sure how the web market location is detected . perhaps look at using a proxy . but if you wish your change your sim location check this out : https://market.android.com/details?id=ch.racic.android.marketenabler
such sites have geographic filters so you may need to access those sites in mobile which passes the ip barrier .
you can use an alternative sms app , e.g. handcent . i think the spell checking feature is probably htc specific ( afaik , htc has their own sms app ) .
go to : settings-> language and keyboard-> touch input-> international keyboard , and uncheck all the languages except the one that you are texting in .
on droid razr , running ics , it is under accessibility , in the system settings menu : scroll to the bottom and you should see a double tap home launch field , click it and it will allow you to set it to " none " .
i do not know about the s2 , but i have just discovered that for the galaxy note , there is a setting " launch voice talk " ( launch by double-tapping home ) that only appears when vlingo is set as the voice recognition engine . if you choose google , the option goes away .
you can follow the following steps to disable Voice Command on ics : from the home screen go to Settings then Applications . find and select Voice Command in the Downloaded or All tabs if the Disable option appears - select and then ok . it will not prompt again . if not , select Clear data and then ok . the next time you mistakenly double click do not confirm the samsung disclaimer but select the back button instead .
for solving your problem you must double press menu key when start s voice application press option key and go to setting . you must uncheck an option in 1 or 2 line . read text in under line . you disable starting s voice via double pressing home button sorry for bad english . . im from iran good luck dear
now i have installed cyanogenmod 9 and this does not happen anymore . i do not think , this problem can be solved via settings of samsungs android version
for a non-rooted phone , this is the best i have found : double-tap , select menu , settings voice talk seetings -> speak prompts : uncheck now if you double-tap , a short sound will be heard , but you will not here the " what would you like to do ? " .
i have disabled it using app-freeze on titanium backup . this works well , and is entirely reversible , but appears to require both the pro key ( paid ) and root . a possible alternative would be removing it using either the terminal or adb . the apk in question is /system/app/voicetogo . apk ( com . vlingo . client . samsung ) , and my phone has not had a problem with it having been disabled . i would recommend backing it up , though , on the off chance .
inside the voice command : open settings &rarr ; voice talk settings &rarr ; motion then uncheck double tap option or uncheck motion activation altogether .
i just upgraded my s2 to ics and continued facing the same problem . . the solution for the problem is settings -> language and input -> keyboard and input methods . make sure google voice typing is unchecked . . . problem solved . . .
http://kwatog.wordpress.com/2012/05/13/disabling-vlingo-voice-command-on-samsung-galaxy-s-ii/ install go launcher ex from google play . it’s free ! open the app drawer . press and hold on the blue voice command icon until it starts shaking . click on the x button and choose uninstall . follow the instructions . optionally , you can uninstall go launcher ex . you are welcome .
you most likely switched on several feedback settings in settings&rarr ; developer options : developer options ( source : androidadvices . com ) in these screenshots the reason for the " white dot " wherever you touch the screen is already marked . additionally , you probably have enabled " show cpu usage " as well ( right screenshot , lower third ) . just turn everything off here which you do not know what it is for ; by default , nothing is checked in this menu .
if the phone can be put into usb mass storage mode , then it is possible to recover deleted files ( especially on sd cards ) using recovery tools like recuva . you might also want to look at this question : dban on android
one more hint is nuke my phone : nuke my phone protects your privacy by secure deleting your personal data , such a photos and videos , and returning your phone to factory settings . now you can safely repurpose old devices or upgrade your current one without worrying about unauthorized data recovery . nuke my phone delivers the peace of mind that comes only from knowing your personal data cannot be compromised . works directly on the device .
i believe superoneclick works for rooting the motorola droid on 2.2 . http://shortfuse.org/?page_id=2 after rooting your phone , you can use wifi tether for root users . https://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/
when i first rooted my droid ( with easyroot ) , i remained on the stock rom until i got annoyed by the ota update message ( and ended up switching to cm6 ) . however , i was able to use wireless tether without doing anything else . no new kernel , no mods , nada . just root on vanilla android . if you have already updated to the latest version of android via ota , then i am pretty certain you had have to downgrade your phone to get root to work unless there is a new method to get root now . i know for a fact that easyroot no longer works with the ota update .
open hangouts app -> preference -> account -> logout .
there is no way to do this , other than to disable the hangout application itself . ( go to applications - hangount - click disable )
the availability option has been deprecated in hangout . to make yourself invisible or so , either you have to downgrade to gtalk or the easiest way you can do this by going to your gmail account from your pc . there you should find this availability option .
i had the same problem . i fixed it by : shutting down my phone removing the battery and sd card putting it back turning my phone on . it is all there again . phewww ! maybe my sd card had an epileptic moment for awhile .
i could not find a native way either for that , and was wondering why it worked on one of my devices but not on the others . on the " working " device , i am using acalendar as a frontend to the google calendar , which also comes with a nice widget , and is really handy . acalendar also sends birthday reminders , shows them on the widget itself and also puts a hint in the notification bar which is hard to miss . so until you find a solution you like more , this would be a possibility .
kindly follow these steps : how to add your gmail contacts ' birthdays to google calendar add your gmail contacts ' birthdays to google calendar to add a calendar showing and alerting you to birthdays of your gmail contacts to google calendar : select settings | calendar settings in google calendar . go to the calendars tab . follow the browse interesting calendars » link under other calendars . open the more tab . click subscribe for contacts ' birthdays and events . sarah dee 's answer on why it is not possible to add notifications at birthday 's calendar ? please follow these steps : go to google.com/calendar so you are just viewing the regular home screen on the left hand side under other calendars , find friends ' birthdays , click the drop down arrow and select reminders and notifications from the menu under the event reminders section , click add a reminder , set the desired reminder click save
updates of this kind are usually for the camera as a whole and not just app centered . for a detailed analysis i suggest you read this . the update as a whole brought changes to the api the way the auto focus , white balance , etc in pictures taken as a whole . you will notice changes ( for the better ) in pictures taken from a 3rd party app too .
the boot.img that is responsible for booting up android , has their init scripts embedded in the ram disk of the actual boot.img which mounts the partitions into the respective /data , /cache , /system mount points respectively . by altering the init scripts to hit on the sdcard , could lead to an unstable system , furthermore , reducing the life of the sdcard via wear and tear of the sdcard - why ? the kernel when booting , is loading from the / which is within the same partition as the boot partition - hence the need for the ram disk to be present along with it . it is that , which gets loaded into memory - a temporary file-system , in order for the init scripts to be read in and executed . once the mount points are established , then the ram disk gets removed and thereby , the temporary file-system a lá ram disk , gets " flipped " over to the real partitions at a later stage during the bootstrap . this is where the ram disk comes in - only temporarily , it is through that , the whole process of booting can happen . the chicken and egg is this - the kernel prior to boot , has no idea what partitions are there ! not alone that , by hard-coding the sdcard into the kernel 's init parameter , which is a specific option that can be passed into the kernel upon boot in which it alters the kernel 's processing of the environment . the wear and tear of the sdcard would be significantly increased , not alone that , the entire android ecosystem would drastically change , the api 's have defined internal storage and external storage - so it could lead to confusion in where to store their own content providers for contacts etc , " are we sitting on a external storage or internal storage ? " from the perspective of android itself , bear in mind , the content providers itself are housed in internal storage and from an overall picture , its one of de-facto standard convention for android 's file-systems involved . so to sum up , i do not think that is possible , not ruling out its impossible either but if it can be done , chances are it will be tied intimately to the handset itself , give or take , what manufacturers put in there from a perspective of partition format types ( yaffs , emmc , linusstoreiii , and more importantly , the sdcard handling mechanism from the kernel/hardware viewpoint will be different - am talking about different io addresses here ) and not alone that , differing sizes of the partitions also , this would make the whole concept of android - not exactly portable either due to non-standard scripts found within the ram disk itself .
when connecting to a mac , it is no longer a direct option , but there is an easy workaround . from the mac , download , install and start this app : http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ the mac app will prompt you to connect your android . plug the android into a usb port . on the android , select “media sync” mode . on the mac , the file transfer app will show a window with file/folder selections . on the mac , open a finder window , then drag and drop files back and forth between finder and the android file transfer app . unlike the old “disk drive” option , the android file transfer app does not provide access via a mounted volume .
to start with , i do not think it is possible to somehow change chip on a phone . it would stop working because of incompatible drivers . price of the imported phone can be lower , for example nexus devices are 1/2 more expensive in my country than in the us and it could be used too . anyways you should check , if it'll work on your carrier if it is imported . finally , there are many benchmarks to choose from . i suggest using antutu . it is been here a long time and is still one of the best . it really tests your device , cause i have used it on different roms on one device and i had different results .
you can not move apps to sdcard on the sony xperia m . unless your device is rooted .
very easy ! ! just got to your computer and go to character map or just jo go to word document and hit alt+255 or alt0160 and copy that file into ur phone . then open tht word document in your phone copy the content its copyable . then just paste it in ur whtsapp chat or whtsapp status . but if u dnt want to waste time doing all this just go to ur whtsapp settings and hide ur status ! :p
there is a blank character in character map on windows , if you can set up whatsapp using bluestack or emulator you can easily send a blank message or can set blank status as well but if you cant setup the same this might help you http://blog.drhack.net/whatsapp-blank-status-message-trick/
please visit this link : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1278349 the post is to help you set your phones default install path to your phones sd card on any android device .
you can try the following : free some space on device ( by uninstalling unnecessary apps ) to download desired app move downloaded app to sd-card so that it will require less space on device you can use link2sd app to move app forcefully ( root require )
i may not be completely up to date on this but there may be no solution to this , as ( most ? ) android apps cannot installed on the sd card , some of their data can be moved ( resources and such ) if the developer prepared for that . so a solution to your memory problem may be to attempt to move some of the app data to the sd card ( if you run into issues to this , let me know your version of android and i will try to help ) .
check out this https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ljmobile.move.app may be it can be helpful . there is a bit work but it get the job done .
i think this is an unresolvable issue but you can find more info at the link below stackexchange-url
type in keypad *#9900# option 2 delete dumpstate logcat it really works and gets rid of that annoying disk thing at top of notifications and can download again hope it helps . i had the same issue and this worked .
put them on the sd card . app data on the internal storage is completely segregated between users ( regardless of whether they are full or restricted users ) , but there is only one sd card for all users . you can add a fake sd card to an emulator : it is another file on the host system , like the fake internal storage .
i have searched plenty of times for the same thing , but i can never seem to find it . there are only applications available to view the database on your android , and the records that it contains .
i do not know if it works for flickr but you can use applications like molome or instagram to quickly share photos on both facebook and twitter .
this solution does not require any app : upload pictures by email to flickr . as a one-time setup , find your private flickr email address and i recommend you add it as a contact in gmail . then , from the gallery , share by email , and send it to your flickr email , optionally typing a description in the email subject . setup an ifttt rule to upload to facebook pictures you send to flickr . to make it simpler , you can reuse this recipe . benefits : you are not relying on any third-party app , and can use the standard android tools . you can queue images for upload ( sorting , entering descriptions , deleting locally ) , even if you are offline , say abroad with no wifi or data connectivity . the pictures will be queued in your email outbox and will be sent when you are back on the grid .
one solution would in fact be using a specialized photo app : fotor for android . next to a bunch of features for taking and editing photos , the app description mentions : using fotor you can easily share your amazing photos with friends and family ! share photos via email , facebook , twitter and flickr , with just one touch . which is exactly what you asked for . this app even supports hdr , and much more . . . so this would be your all-in-one solution . seems hard to beat . . .
above answer only stops them from appearing , it does not remove them . for that you will need to root . here 's a guide that kind of answers your problem : be careful ! droidviews : removing stock apps .
the solution is to ‘disable’ the apps from the android system settings and they will no longer appear in your play store updates list . e.g. for google currents : settings > apps > all > find ‘currents’ - tap it , select ‘disable’ . the same applies to the all other listed apps in the question ( with the exception of ' google play newsstand’ which i couldn’t find in the list ) , and when you open the play store updates list anew , they will finally be gone from it as desired .
i have also seen the 3 scrolling types you mention below , but it always seemed to me that the 3rd one was more a bug than a feature . the htc desire ( which i have too ) is not known to have a great digitizer , the part of the screen that handles the finger positions and movements . furthermore , it is not " multitouch " , meaning it cannot handle properly more than 1 finger on the screen , although there are tries to support it but i have never seen it work constantly good . see this page for more proof . it is true that it would be a nice feature , maybe on other phones with a better touchscreen and a further version of android with more gestures supported . why not for example scrolling down with 2 fingers would trigger a super-fast scroll or a " go to bottom " action ?
no , as the device will require the new password before it will successfully log in to the play store app to download any apps . again , no as it will not send any data to google because you have changed your password . i am not aware of any way to find out this information . unfortunately by changing your password and ending sessions there is no way to communicate with the device using your google account .
you can check with the corresponding wiki page at the cyanogenmod website to find the correct version of the gapps zip file . once downloaded , place it into the root of your sdcard , then reboot your device into ( custom ) recovery . from there , chose " install zip from sdcard " , and select the file you have just downloaded . that should install gapps on your device .
i did have a problem similar similar to this with my d802 . the solution may probably be the same for you . here 's what i have done : at first to install all prerequisites , follow this article - starting from 1 Download all the files below up to 5. copy all files and folders ... afterwards : run cmd as admin ( was needed for me to get the system 's hosts-file changed ) . from cmd run Automatic Offline Procedure.vbs put your phone into download mode ( vol-up + plug usb ) within r and d flash tool : " select type " - 3gqct " phone mode " - emergency " select kdz file " on the right hand side : choose your previously loaded stock rom click the ( flat ) button titled " normal web upgrade test " in the next window click on " upgrade start " now on " clear phone software update registry " and select " different country " and your language ( if possible – was empty with me ) enjoy your phone being flashed with the stock rom after having pressed " ok " : ) this should do the trick . at least this worked for me without any problems . if there are any problems or questions regarding the r and d tool , please referer to this thread on xda-developers . i know , it is probably too late for you . but maybe this can help others in the future . : ) regards , mh166
if you are using an alternative rom to android , it is possible there could be issues with the rom which might be causing it . issues like this have been seen on cyanogenmod roms in the past , especially on nightly builds ( that is , test versions ) . however , they are correct in that it is more than likely due to apps you have downloaded . i have gone without rebooting , clearing caches , etc . for over three months without any degradation .
the effect you are describing is not caused by the os . it is caused by more and more background processes that accumulate over time and maybe more apps registering to system hooks that need to be evaluated when certain events occur . every os that supports this will be vulnerable . my android has run for the past 1 1/2 years without any performance degradation . always question and confront app developers if they run a service in the background for a long time ( without any need/use ) . interval-like started background services that check/pull for some information and terminate after that are fine . google play music is was 1 a perfect example : the app sets an android alarm ( that is not an user alarm , but more a programmatically scheduled event ) in intervals to perform its sync . but some apps start a long-running service that can not be disabled by the user , and if you have many of these running , your performance will in-fact degrade . 1 google music seems now also to run all the time . : ( but there are other good examples of apps , that understand that they should not run all the time . or where the user is able to deactivate the background service . or where the app developer was competent enough to make use of the rich ( push ) api of android provides to keep the impact of the app at a minimum .
answer by flow is correct in that the increased feeling of sluggishness is not caused by the os , it is mainly caused by apps . but there is another effect i noticed , specially on battery life : the more you use your phone , the more you are demanding to its performance ( and battery life ) , even if it is not conscious . ( it is the same for hard-drive sizes : the more you have , the more you need . ) so , it can also be the your level of expectation is slowly raising . i remember i was fascinated by all the powers i had in my hand when i bought my htc magic some years ago . recently , i switched it on to have a look : it still works alright , but , well , now that i used a nexus one and then a galaxy note , i feel it has a very rough ui and very limited powers . my expectation have raised .
you can not mark mails as not spam . instead you have to label it inbox . to do this on the bottom action bar , hit labels and tick inbox . it seems that this is equivalent as all future emails go straight to the inbox .
it all depends the way you use your phone ( more no of dents rough and tough use ) , the no of years of service of your battery . ( the last time you changed your battery as recommended ) . just follow these steps just try to avoid pro-longed usage of the device for gaming or streaming videos or doing multi-tasking ( streaming high definition videos , parallel texting and downloading content all at once ) as this tends the battery to get heated up . normally it should not get the heat for just 1-1.5 hours of gaming if your usage is more then you need to reduce it or else just take your cell phone to any authorised service centre and get you phone checked for the problems of heat and battery
as you have indicated , both features are native to the default launcher app that shipped with the 4.4 rom for nexus 5 , called the google experience launcher ( gel ) having google now start listening when i say , " okay google " without pressing a button i have not come across any third-party launcher app that is integrated this yet , and would not count on it anytime soon . here is what nova launcher 's dev said on this topic . you could try apps like open mic+ , but these would continue to be active as long as your phone is awake , and almost certainly will take a hit on the already weak nexus 5 battery life . being able to swipe over to the left from the homescreen to get the now screen this will never be part of a non-gel app . in order to achieve this , google essentially packaged the launcher app into the search ( i.e. . google now ) app . see here and here on how and why they did this . it is unclear whether gel will be released to the play store as a standalone app , or if it'll even be released to other nexus/play edition devices .
cyanfox for nexus 5 has the semi always listening baked right into the rom . i put the same type of rom on my friends galaxy s3 and it had the google now screen to the left and was always listening while on the home screen . blew my mind .
kk launcher ( based on android 4.4 kitkat launcher ) have this feature : enable ok google from all kk launcher screens ( require android 4.4 ) ; support swipe right to google now
smart launcher 2 added support on 31 may .
theres an app called open mic+ its helps wid the ok google thing swiping left fr google now is no where present excpt gel but i personally didnt like the interface the icon size ws looking big on my note 2 i prefer nova launcher wid open mic + . apk it works like a charm ; ) plus whoever said it doesnt wrk whn screen is off ur wrong m using it and wrks wid locked screen and yes if u set it to start up on boot it strts frm boot ; )
the google experience launcher is actually built into the google search app along with google now . this is why it can listen for ' okay google ' and have google now accessible via the left swipe . ars technica has a good article which goes into more details on this . there are some launchers that support gestures , which might be similar to the left swipe to access the google now page ( although they will only be able to launch google now in the same way an upward swipe does ) . i do not think there are any that support saying ' okay google ' from the homescreen though .
" ok google " works in nova launcher . it is an option in the root of nova settings , and works regardless of whether or not a search bar is displayed . similar functionality can be added to apex , samsung touchwiz , or htc sense , using an app called active searching . i have not found a way to display the google now cards page as a launcher page in any launcher other than the google now launcher .
nova has since been updated and now supports the ok , google hotword .
i recognize this as a recommendation question which will probably be closed quickly . i am a big fan of rssdemon , and have been using it consistently for the past 2 years . it allows you total control of your feeds , including subscribing individually , or importing an opml file created by another feedreader to rapidly gear up . i use it mainly for its podcatching capablities , allowing podcasts to queue up and play . i am not the developer of this app ; they were responsive to bugs i have submitted in the past .
there is absolutely no way to do this without root , and for a good reason . if an app was do do this imagine the havok that would ensue ? you will have to root your device , either temporarily or permanently , to do this .
you could physically remove or block the speaker . that would prevent the camera from making a noise ( no , plugging in headphones will not prevent the external speaker from making a shutter sound ) . aside from that , you really do have to root your device . or at least put a custom rom on your device ( which usually requires root or an unlocked bootloader , not to mention that almost every custom rom has root enabled by default ) .
you could create an updater-script to access the system and mute the shutter sound , without rooting your phone . http://www.freeyourandroid.com/guide/introdution_to_edify http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1610121 you should include an update-binary and an empty line at the end of the updater-script .
your best bet would probably be using a dlna server app ( this one , for example , though there are lots of others ) on one device and an appropriate player ( example ) on the other devices . not sure if it would work over a hotspot tether though , but there are free apps available for both ends , so it can not really hurt to try . edit : oh , misunderstood the question . that is about as easy . there are several apps on the store for running a camera server , like this one , for example . you then can use any compatible player to connect and view the camera feed
this is awfully strange if you did not root your device - because normally , these are symptoms of a bricked device . if you can get into recovery , please could you erase your data ? you can attempt to get into recovery by holding the recovery key combo ( minus the power button ) , and then plugging the charger in . if this does not work - after erasing your data , then i would suggest taking it to a repair shop - you never rooted it , so your warranty is therefore still intact .
change your password then revoke it is access . also , start using application specific passwords and 2-step verification if you are not already . this makes it easier to control what gets access where . this should prompt who ever is using the phone to reauthorize your account ( via password or 2-step ) , which they will not be able to .
if you go to the market account settings part of the android market webpage at https://market.android.com/account and click on the settings tab , you should see a list of the devices registered on that market account , clicking the edit button lets you hide that old phone from the web interface . that is what you had normally use to remove an old device from showing . if you are worried about whoever renovated your phone using your account , then you need to go a step further than that . the easiest way to block the other phone out will be to change your google account password . then your phone will prompt for the new password next time it connects to a google service , as will your old one , but as only you know the new password it should stop them from using your account on the old phone . to stop this sort of thing happening in the future you ought to think about setting up two-step authentication on your google account , once you have got that set up you can log into your google account 's settings and revoke the access password for any phone or device one at a time once you do not want them accessing your details any more .
uninstall the update . and update again . it worked for me .
i am not sure what version of gmail you have , but the version i have ( along with android 4.1.2 ) allows me to " show pictures " in the message , then i have the option to " always show pictures from this sender " . the option in the settings is to " remove " the always show that you have set for any sender in the past . the only way to always show images is by first showing them for a sender , then select the always show . and afaik , this can only be done per sender .
long-tapping on the home screen is how widgets used to be added in earlier android versions , up to about 2.1 . some devices ( such as samsung ones ) still offer the old way on the manufacturer 's stock home screen : adding widgets is a feature offered by the launcher , so some third-party launchers may have yet different ways . on the stock android launcher , go to the app drawer ( the list of all apps ) , and click widgets at the top . find the one you want ( there are several pages ) , and long-tap it to pick it up , then drag and drop to the space you want on the home screen . you can drag to the left or right edge to change home screens . once you have dropped it , you can drag the blue highlight to resize the widget ( if it is resizable ) .
try Wiredog . it is new and you can find it on reddit in the top apps category .
if you can connect to the device from a pc then they will most likely be able to tell . it might not matter though because they might not look for that and unless they intentionally look to see if its rooted they will not know . also like @poldie said they might not legally be able to do anything about it depending on where you live .
they will know probably after they fix it . if you rooted it and used a different firmware on the device they can recognize the changes from it is previous memory .
well sumit is right , specifically , you get a class 4 ( 4 mbps ) or class 2 ( 2 mbps ) sd card but for hd , direct copy to sd card , you need better write speed go for class 6 ( 6 mbps ) or if you want it all go for class 10 ( 10 mbps ) .
it seems that that the card write speed is unable to keep pace with hd video writes on the card . try using a sd card with a faster write speed . also try to use use the same stock sd card in any other mobile with the same hd video recording ( same bit rate , same resolution ) to see if it works there properly . if it fails there too then surely it is a problem with the card only .
if you are rooted and have a rom that supports recovery like clockworkmod , a full nandroid backup is akin to taking an image/snapshot of your device . when recovering from that image , your phone will be restored to exactly that same state when the backup was taken .
use titanium backup , it'll fit your needs .
to my knowledge , twrp does a nandroid backup . as you can read in the tag wikis of the mentioned tags ( nandroid , backup ) , a nandroid backup takes images of your partitions . it is not a backup on the file level , but on partition level . so it includes everything stored on those partitions . doing a full nandroid backup of your system thus includes the entire system , one file per partition . there are only very few things not contained , such as the radio-firmware . so to put it as a short direct answer to your question : yes , a full nandroid backup would include all your apps , app data , messages , contacts . though it might be complicated to extract them separately ( nandroid can not do that , it is always an " all-or-nothing " . but e.g. titanium backup can read data from nandroid backups . just in case you will need that : )
you can backup system , data , boot , recovery , cache , efs system , data , boot are selected by default which includes your rom , apps , appdata , kernel and you can choose to backup recovery , cache , efs which bundles things on your internal sd card like your contacts and photos and videos . twrp also provides compression which is pretty handy if your backup becomes large .
to answer your question , if you have cyanogen mod installed , no new aps just the rom and you use the phone exactly as you would youse it with your stock rom , yes cyanogen mod will take more battery but at the same time it is more light weight and faster . so yes cyanogen mod does take up a bit more battery then a stock rom , at least from my experinece with cm .
i can think of two reasons why a cm rom might reduce battery life : cpu governor : the cpu governor controls the frequency of the cpu depending on the requirement . your rom might be using a governor that favours performance over battery life . selecting a governor that achieves a good balance between performance and battery life might help you . you can learn more about cpu governors here battery calibration : the battery status is stored in a file called batterystats . bin . its possible that your phone is using the same batterystats . bin that came with the rom . you can use an application like battery calibration to regenerate this file with new/accurate stats . ( a myth according to this )
it depends . yes , depends on your settings ( auto brightness , wifi scan interval , gps , auto sync enabled ) type of applications installed ( widgets and its high auto refresh rate ) and many more ( kernel wakelock ) etc . just try to check what consumes your battery using better battery stats . from that you can identify , what causing battery drain .
just for my experience with the xperia mini pro ( 3 years of use and the new note 3: the stock was more efficient in using the battery even it was filled with bloatware . same reason why i am looking this up - to go with some stock modified rom or cm which i like more , but battery is a must . . .
for basic phones , you might want to consider the gsm at commands defined to read contacts ( via serial connection , however even most usb data cables will still provide a virtual com port ) http://www.traud.de/gsm/numbers.htm
that format most likely is vcard ( versitcard ) , which even has its own mimetype ( text/vcard ) . according to the linked wikipedia page , it became a standard around 1996 ( and since it was proposed 1995 for the first time , older devices will not know it ) . android 's contacts app uses this format when directly exporting your contacts from it . to my knowledge , this format is also used when transferring contacts via bluetooth ( even to/with older devices not necessarily running android or being " smart phones" ) . mail clients support it as well . so if you are looking for any standard here , this most likely is it .
there is nothing available . while it is theoretically possible with the hardware , in practice it would be very difficult to implement and would probably need a custom rom that supported it . even the tools for doing this on a desktop ( aircrack , etc . ) generally require specific wireless chipsets and drivers to do wireless packet capture . edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/
the broadcom bcm4329 chipset in a lot of android phones ( nexus one , evo , g1 ) probably many more ) supports monitor/promiscuous mode . the driver needs to be modified to allow monitor mode to be enabled . here is the source of the current drivers : monitor mode flag method to that sets the mode in the second link , you can see that monitor mode flag is not even in the switch statement so it is just gets ignored when called . someone also got tcpdump working on a g1 so it is possible , we jsut need to put in some work to get it functional though . a few more links about the chipset , drivers , and modifications to them : http://forum.aircrack-ng.org/index.php?topic=281.0 http://aircrack-ng.org/doku.php?id=b43 http://wireless.kernel.org/en/users/drivers/b43
as rohan said , you need at least a device with a wireless card that can be set on " monitor " or " promiscuous " mode , so you can sniff the packets sent between the clients and servers of the wireless network . so , technically it is possible , but at the beginning it would be a very device-specific solution
technically no . however you can jailbreak it and install a os on it and it would look just like a normal os . just a smaller version . once thats done you can install softwares like aircrack exct . and it would capture the packets and then crack them . . now this does take some time . . anywhere from 15 minutes to a few days all depending on their encryptionsetings . but the average wifi shouldnt take more then 30 minutes . . tops . so yes in theory it is " possible " but it all depends on how much work you want to put into it in order to get it . there is no " app " yet . . im not sure if anyone is converting a software like aircrack from an os to app compatable . . although im sure someone is somewhere .
so i have found a great solution . using a micro sd-card with 2 partitions . one normal fat32 and second ext2 so the app link2sd can use it as a fake mobile memory on the second ext2 partition . now all the jelly bean internal apps run on the mobile itself and all the other apps i have installed on the second sd-card partition . have more apps than ever and still over 150mb left on the mobile . great . and the great side effect is , that all the shortcuts and widgets of other apps now work perfectly and dont disappear after reboot . yes !
seems like " droid vnc server " doing the job .
use our app , the best android vnc server according to users . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en works on any android devices , any models , rooting is not required . you can use this app to view and control your android phones or tablets .
if youre talking about applications ( . apk ) downloaded from google chrome and not the play store then you need to go into settings > security > unknown sources
q : how and where do i add the tickmark again ? a : who could possibly know what you need more than yourself ? q : will i have to reset my nexus 7 ? a : follow below steps , you will be fine . q : if so are all the app i bought then lost ? a : as flow said , you can recover them from google play store later on . if you feel not safe , use appsaver to back them up . resetting your android phone before resetting your phone , you have to save your data ( pics , music , movies , contacts . . . ) . if you have a google email account , saving your contacts is not needed , you can just sync it to the cloud . concerning your apps , as flow said , you can recover them from google play store later on . backing up pics , movies and music is necessary . i recommend you to back up your entire data storage , it contains apps private files , office documents , few stuff that you could easily forget to back up otherwise . . . when those steps are done , you can safely reset your phone , it will be like a second life for it :- ) .
finally tracked down something official : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=48164
unfortunately i do not think you are going to find a setting change to fix this . it is likely a bug in the rom , or the lock screen or clock apk ( s ) . i am also running cm10.1 on my phone ( lg nitro hd ) and i can not even get the clock app to change to using an analog clock ( vs . the digital ) . even after multiple reboots and confirming that indeed i have the right settings in settings-> lockscreen . some rudimentary net searching and you can see issues with the lockscreen on cm10.1 is not unusual .
do you have lockscreen policy installed ? that is most likely the issue .
check out an app in the play store called ' barcode generator / reader ' . and here 's a link on how to use it : link
check out this answer , just in case the wallpaper was moved that being said , since you are looking for an app-provided wallpaper and not a system provided wallpaper , we will probably need to know the package name of the application in question ( and you will need to have root access to your device , which i believe you already have ) . so assuming the package name of the app is com.example.superdupperlauncher , then you would need to look into /data/data/com.example.superdupperlauncher/files/ or /data/data/com.example.superdupperlauncher/
in order to do that on gingerbread select ' display options ' from the menu of the contacts app . then under ' choose contacts to display ' select your account and check only the groups you are interested in .
if you are using google contacts as your address book , you could star those people you always want to come up , and then use the star folder on your desktop making it a quick easy way to always have access to them . the folder organizer app will also allow you do this and is not limited to using just the google address boo , and it also has more features enabling you to pick specific details from a contact i.e. choose only mobile instead of all their details etc . i know it does not answer your question specifically in terms of the contact app , but it does provide a decent work around . note that depending on your phone it might have built in widgets that can aid i.e. sense has a pretty good one for this purpose .
i use the irig pre interface ( 30 euro / 30-40 us dollars ) to connect any xlr mic to my htc wildfire . in flightmode i can make good 48khz mono wav recordings with the taperecorder app . when i switch flightmode off there sometimes are some ticks and clicks . afterwards you cann edit your recording and convert it into mp3 files .
i bought a splitter ( $7.65 on amazon ) to access the headphone/mic input on my htc thunderbolt . an audio technica atr6550 shotgun mike works fine with the built-in camcorder software . note that the impedence on this is 2200 ohms . i have half a dozen other microphones , and none of them work ( some have an impedence of around 1000 ohms , so maybe this is the problem ) . so , here is what i know : 1 . this is possible ( at least with the atr6550 ) . 2 . the necessary splitter ( i.e. . splits input jack into mic + earphone connectors ) is not expensive , and there seems no reason to use any different connector . 3 . i have half a dozen other mics and none of them works . 4 . i do not know if the incompatibility of the others is an impedence problem or a voltage / current problem , and do not know how to find out . here is the splitter info : startech . com muyhsmff 3.5mm 4-pin to 2x 3-pin 3.5mm headset splitter adapter - m/f sold by : amazon . com llc
a usb microphone as well as any kind of usb audio device needs a usb host which has drivers for usb audio devices . under win/mac/linux these drivers come preinstalled and you can use your usb audio device in a plug-and-play way . i have experimented with different ways of using usb audio on android and this topic seems to be quite diverse . depending on the version of android and especially the kernel in use you may , or may not , be able to connect usb devices over otg usb ( on-the-go ) . with most devices these details do not show in the manufacturer 's specifications and has to be tested manually . as far as i got in my research samsung devices on stock android are the most reliable to support usb audio , but if you start messing with different roms and kernels it is possible deactivate this functionality . i have been able to record very high quality audio with urecord and usb audio recorder pro using a stock galaxy note 2 and several interfaces ( alesis io4 , shure x2u ) and i have been told that audio evolution is also able to record from a usb source . an app that can record video as well as usb audio does not exist as far as i know . and of course , if your device does not support otg and usb audio there is no way you can use a usb microphone . good luck !
it is not a usb mic , but i have found a solution for external mic via 3.5 mm jack . look at my answer on this question : how do i use an external microphone with my galaxy nexus ?
when you put your android on flight mode u need to go to the setting and put it on mp3 headphone mode , itdeends how sencitive ur android is . and if ur android is not sencitive then you have to go and speaxk to the android network .
there are some more suggested apps for the tattoo here on xda . it sounds to me like they have stock firmware that is rooted , however &mdash ; perhaps that is required . i have heard of other devices that do not work for tethering with cyanogenmod ( and i am not familiar with nfinity ) .
there is an important distinction that needs to be made : accessing a file vs downloading/exporting a file . . . the dropbox app and other 3rd party apps that use the dropbox api allow you to " access " files in their cloud location . everything you do to this file is synced ( assuming the app is well made and working correctly ) . essentially the file is being downloaded in the background so you can open and work on the file and then reuploaded in the background when you are done ( ie syncing ) . i use apps like estrong file explorer and several note taking apps that use the dropbox api and every change i make to a file is synced when i save the file . downloading/exporting the file is different . in the dropbox app you can " export " a file which means download it to a local directory on your device . apps like docstogo do not support the dropbox api so there is no way to directly access dropbox files from within the app . in cases like this you have to download the file to your device to access it with this app . this downloaded file is not monitored by or synced by dropbox so you had need to upload it or sync it manually somehow . there are third party apps that do this , i use dropsync . tl ; dr : if you are editing a file directly in an app that has built in access to dropbox you do not need to worry syncing , it will happen on it is own . if you are downloading a file from dropbox to edit it in an app that does not access dropbox directly , like docstogo , you will need to use a 3rd party syncing app like dropsync . edit : i think this is the scenario that you have . . . you open a file " example . txt " through dropbox and it opens a dialog that lets you choose the default app and you choose " xyzyadayada " app and the file opens in that app . you make changes and save them , dropbox will detect this and will sync the changes . if you skip dropbox next time and just open up xyzyadayada and see example . txt in the " recent files " list , that is probably a locally cached file . if xyzyadayada truly does not communicate with a dropbox api then that file is saved locally , probably in it is own directory and opening and editing that file will not be detected or synced by dropbox because it is a copy of the cloud file that is saved locally on your device .
i do not know if the dropbox app does this or not - last time i looked ( shortly after it came out ) , dropbox 's app was not really doing sync on android , it was more of a nice version of the web interface . i use dropsync to achieve this effect - you can even set how aggressive it is on downloading/uploading vs . battery status . i use it to keep my keepass database synced across devices , so i have it set to upload right away if it notices changes , but only download when things are good , battery wise .
for dropbox and officesuite ( if you edit from the recent files ) , they seem to sync . i am not sure with other apps . in any case , if you need a two-way sync , you can always use dropspace . see this similar question : how do i sync with dropbox ?
you can fix it by symlink . 1 ) remove clockwork dir " rm -rf /data/media/clockworkmod " 2 ) switch to directory " cd /data/media " 3 ) create a symbolic link " ln -s /data/media/0/clockworkmod clockworkmod " that should do it
clockworkmod needs to be updated to properly understand android 4.2 's new filesystem structure so it can see its previous backups . technically , everything stored on the sdcard is actually stored under /data/media , however android uses bind to essentially make a really fancy shortcut to various other places . this includes /storage/emulated/ and /sdcard . as for deleting , without knowing the errors you were running into , it limits my options on recommendations . but you can use adb to delete files ( with the code below , replace " old-backup " with the folder name containing the backup you want to remove ) . adb shell su rm -rf /data/media/0/clockworkmod/backup/old-backup 
try clearing the data and cache for the app ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage apllications ) and then syncing . hopefully it will work after that .
building on onik 's comment , make sure that Wi-Fi only is not checked . in the samsung galaxy s4 , this can be found in : System settings &gt; More &gt; About device &gt; Software update &gt; Wi-Fi only . so , check the About device section of your phone .
purchase a mouse which supports multitouch gestures ( using which you zoom in or out ) . e.g. padkite if you do not want to purchase anything , just go to dolphin 's Settings , tap Lab and turn on pinch-Zoom Button . then , you will find +/- clickable buttons to zoom in or out .
no , force stop does not stop the app running again . it just interrupts it if it is running right now . it does not free up any internal storage . it does not make any difference to ram usage : android will already kill background processes to free up ram when it needs to , without you pressing force stop . as izzy suggests , try pressing disable if you are running a recent enough android version to have that button : it is on the app info screen , right next to force stop . ( you might first have to uninstall updates . ) this will remove the system app from the app drawer , stop it running completely , and stop it being updated . if you are on an older android version , you can uninstall the app completely only if you root the device and use a third-party app to do so .
rooting the nexus 7 means that just some additional applications are installed , e.g. the su binary and the supersu app . both are not active in background , therefore i assume that your battery life problem is caused by a different app that had been updated or installed more or less at the same time .
pull down notification window , and enable it .
yes you can move apps to external on a sgs3 . ? i had this phone previously and used app2sd no problem simply download it from google play store , then once you open up the app it will tell you which apps can be moved to the external sd card . you can download it for free from the google play store . https://play.google.com/store?hl=en_gb
you might want to try moving apps installed in internal memory to sd card by long pressing on the desired app from the app drawer and dragging it up to the app info panel , scroll down and there you may find the " move to sd card " option . however afaik you cannot move apps to sd on the s3 unless rooted . you got to manage your files and apps using the 11 gb available or else root your device .
try smart switch with this you can easily transfer your backup from your old device to new device with ease . check this link . you must have the old backup folder in your c:/ drive under the kies folder/backup . note -if you deleted this wanted/accidentally done then you have lost your backup and cannot transfer any backup . next time onwards please store your backup files in a folder known to you in this way you can open the folder and directly send the backup anytime you want .
i found that running kies restore does a seemingly complete . sbu file extraction to a temporary directory such as : C:\Users\{LogonName}\Documents\samsung\Kies\sbu\te mp\{NumberID}\{Files Extracted} one can copy the files from there .
samsung kies extractor can help you restore backuped contacts , text messages , call logs , apps , music , videos and photos to your new galaxy phone . youtube video : samsung kies extractor
what makes this easy is using tab-completion to complete the device id . type adb -s D0  and press tab . the plugin in your shell will run adb devices to find the full device id and complete it on the command line for you . you can then type in the rest of the command . adb is a tool for developers , and even developers do not usually run it by hand from the command-line : both the main android development environments ( eclipse-based and intellij idea-based ) have gui wrappers . there is not really a need for it to be any more user-friendly than it is .
as i wrote in my above comment , one way would be : get adb working on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) download the .apk file to your computer switch on usb debugging on your device , and then connect it to your computer via usb ( order is important here : first enable the option , then connect ) use adb install &lt;file_name.apk&gt; to install the app for subsequent installs , you of course can ommit the first step , as adb should already be set up then : ) alternative approach ( untested ) : install some terminal app on your device ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) save the .apk to your sdcard start the terminal app , and run pm install &lt;/path/to/filename.apk&gt; again , the first step is only needed once . i have not tested that second method , so i am not sure whether it requires root or the " unknown sources " option . as adb install only seems to be a wrapper to pm install , the latter is not that likely .
as far as i know , no android devices ship with drivers for a usb touchscreen monitor . to make this work , you had have to find or write drivers for android , and they had probably be specific to the type of monitor . in the first instance you could approach the monitor manufacturer and see if they know of a driver for android , or are willing to give you the datasheets you had need to write one .
the answer is "android.clients.google.com" with port 5228 ( tcp ) .
ok , there has to be at least one other contact , then there are these " three dots " .
you can do this easily by pairing the devices and enabling data on the first device . steps are listed below . enable bluetooth on both the devices . ( obvious ! ) then , pair them up by clicking “search for devices” on one of the devices and clicking on the name of other device . you’ll be asked to verify a pin number . it doesn’t matter what the pin number is , as long as it’s the same pin number on both devices . go to settings , choose More then choose Tethering &amp; Portable Hotspot . in there , you have tick Bluetooth tethering . if you don’t , the tether will not work ! on the second device , go to Settings , then click on the word Bluetooth ( not the toggle – the word ) . finally , click on the name of your second device you paired earlier . to get it all working , choose Internet Access . now you should be able to use the data connection of your first device .
after searching in xda , i found few roms which are ics based but jellybean or kitkat themed , i think there is not enough devs to port jellybean or kitkat rom for a89 . you can try various roms to taste the look and feel of jellybean or kitkat . here is the link of various rom available in xda .
mediatek , unlike other brands , does not release android updates in sync with ( or soon after ) an official android release . moreover , they do not release the full source code for their chipsets , preventing android developers from properly compiling roms . they ( mediatek ) have , however , announced that a 4.4.2 update will be rolling out ' soon ' , so you have no other options but to wait or flash an ics-based , jb/kk-themed rom .
i am just now configuring my news on my tablet . each news source tile has a setting menu on the far right next to its name ( 3 vertical dots ) . pull that down by clicking , and select " remove " from the menu , if you do not wish it any longer . mine came with 12 pre-configured tiles , which i turned off way . it is easy to add them back from the " featured " list if you decide later to return to that news source . update:i am not seeing any direct removal of stories of the removed news sources when i first return to " read now " , but i believe i must click through to expire the stories already presented , and then refresh to have the content cleared . update2: well , that is annoying . there could still be a number of items in the queue from the first opening of the app with pre-selected news sources . i may have to click through them all to see when my preferences will be adopted .
you can only remove the sources that you have added manually ( via the my news tab ) . it seems newsstand is more of a discovery app , so it keeps putting in new stories from new locations based on your reading habits . i have been using it for a few months and it certainly has begun to know me a lot better , but then , i like receiving recommendations and discovering stuff . one thing i can not seem to remove is the purple and orange background stories , which , for me , seem to be local , current affairs and sports topics , which i am not interested in . this is because you can add a new source by clicking the '+' at the end of the story , but there is no '-' button to specifically remove a story that you do not wish to receive . the only way is to ignore stories/sources you do not want to read and hope that they will go away .
do you not have the google play application then ? you could try using the web version of google play or you could just do a quick google search for " google play apk " and install that - note you will have to tick the box in your settings that allows apps from an unknown source to be installed on your phone jayden
hm , 4 parts from different cameras -- looks like ip cam viewer is capable of that : not that hard to find : just entered " ipcam " in the search box at the playstore site , and clicked on the first result . you might want to try the others , maybe you find something even better suited for your requirements . or use this one to better restrict it ( ipcam + rtsp ) .
you can find out by issuing the command mount at a terminal prompt ( either via adb shell of using any terminal app ) . as i have no access to your sdcard , i cannot answer the question for sure ( i could only tell you about mine , where the relevant parameters are set as codepage=cp437,iocharset=iso8859-1,shortname=mixed,utf8 . so it is " latin-1" ( iso-8859-1 ) , which seems quite logical with a fat file system , and probably is also used in your case . full list of options :
search for profile in google play . you had find apps like : myprofiles quick profiles etc those are not my recommendations . it is up to you to see which one works best for you .
this will depend but almost guarantee requiring the devices to be rooted in order to manipulate the hardware . the only caveat emptor is , this needs root and busybox installed , and that the wifi is active : plug the usb cable to the device , and invoke this , adb shell . switch to superuser , i.e. su invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 down to bring down the wifi device . invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 | grep HWaddr , see below for fig . 2a the double x as shown in the captured output below in fig . 2a , is the actual mac address , i have this deliberately hidden as not to show it especially on the internet . invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 hw ether 00:11:22:33:44:55 , that should change the mac address of that wifi device . ( this part can be extremely hardware dependant in the aspect of , if the wifi device can allow this - also if the kernel has the support for that wifi chipset , if that fails - a very cryptic message will appear - ip : siocsifhwaddr : operation not supported on transport endpoint meaning that the address for mac spoofing is dis-allowed ! ) if step 6 works , then to bring up the wifi device again , invoke this busybox ifconfig wlan0 up , profit ! 2a : sh-4.1# busybox ifconfig wlan0 | grep HWaddr wlan0 Link encap:Ethernet HWaddr XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX 
you did not name your device -- but most likely got some china import . there were some readings a little time ago about this issue . normally , a mac address should be unique to the device -- the producer probably wanted to save some license costs . . . nevertheless , that background is not going to help you much . there are some apps available on the playstore which allow you to change the mac address ( search the playstore for " mac-address " to find them all ) , like e.g. wireless mac changer or set mac address . note , however , that all of them require root access on your device . the only alternative known to me would be to return the device ( s ) , explaining your reason ( see above ) , and ask for an appropriate replacement .
if it starts to boot ( goes to the boot logo/animation ) or recovery/download mode at least tries to load , then the motherboard is not damaged . your device is soft-bricked , and just needs to have a compatible rom flashed , and your userdata erased for your device to be fully functional again . the person is the service centre does not know what hey is talking about ( i would not trust those people - they just want your money ) .
turns out the problem was actually wrong apn configuration . i configured the device using netowork operator automatic config mechanism , but turns out the parameters sent by the operator itself were wrong . phone call to customer care solved the issue .
ok , when in bootloader - the binary app on windows/linux etc , fastboot should detect it fastboot devices , but in recovery , presumably that is a stock recovery for said devices , i.e. not cwm , twrp etc . so no adb running in the stock recovery , which is further implying , that boot loader is locked ! had it being unlocked , it would make things easier ! however , as am not familiar with the device , it might be worth your while to read this thread , ( but do not act on it either as by the sound of it , you are not fully certain yet ) . other than that , will leave it at that and wait until someone who is in the know with said device will respond . my answer is more generic .
with as advanced of a phone as the s3 is , you should not be experiencing much , if any , lag at all . chances are , it is something you have or have not done to the phone . 1 . try restarting it . often times , ram will remain in use even when applications are no longer being used . restarting it will bring your phone back to where it is not using ram from all the apps you have been using since the last time you restarted it . 2 . you said that you clear your cache . . . i am assuming you mean ram cache , versus data cache . android 's way of memory ( ram ) cache " clearing " is not always ( or even often ) entirely effective . an app i have fell in love with for cleaning out ram ( as well as it is anti-virus abilities ) is 360 mobile security - antivirus , which you can download from the app store . it'll force out memory in ways many apps do not , and also gives you the benefit of having an anti-virus program built in . root gives more functionality to it , but you said you do not use root , but i thought i would throw that out there for anyone reading this that might have root . 3 . update your android system . 4.1.2 is not known for it is " buttery smooth interface and performance " . settings --> about phone --> update ( may be in status tab ) will likely be able to update android 's platform for you . if not , outside of rooting and changing your rom , guess you will be stuck with 4.1.2 unless your carrier provides an update service for you . 4 . check your settings . there is things in the developer 's options menu that'll effect transition speed , which can give appearances like lag . developers options --> window/transition animation scale is the place you want to check . x1 seems to be a standard setting , but the lower you go , the faster the system will react visually , and ( when available ) , i set mine to x . 25 , but that is not always an option ( in roms ) , where-as x . 5 usually is available . use x . 5 if x . 25 isnt available . there is a couple other things in developer 's options that could help you out too , take a look around . 5 . keep on researching the issue if this does not help . the answers are out there .
the pdanet adb driver ( http://pdanet.co/a/ ) worked .
i was able to run it under ubuntu 12.04 64-bit after installing the 32-bit shared libraries :  sudo apt-get install ia32-libs 
unrevoked needs 32bit . that is all . i ran it on a 32 bit live cd .
try using the audiobook variant of mortplayer . i believe it ought to suit your needs . also - it is free . one of its features is particularly useful : list of 10 most recent events for each track ( where did you press play , stop , got interrupted by a call , activate the sleep timer , . . . )
you do not need any special software . on recent linux distributions such as ubuntu 13.04 , all the right drivers for mtp are installed by default . when you plug your phone in , you get a file manager window that shows the contents of your phone . the phone appears as a normal directory , so you can drag-n-drop files , use rsync to sync files , or anything else you normally do to move or manage files . some apps , such as shotwell ( for photos ) and clementine ( for music ) also detect that your phone acts as a media player , and offer specific functionality for syncing a music collection , transferring and processing photos , in a high-level interface that works on playlists and albums instead of just files . you do not need to use this kind of software , but it is there if you prefer not to worry about exactly where each file is stored . on older ubuntu versions and some other distributions , you might need to install one or more mtp-related packages through the package manager to make this work . you still do not need any hardware-specific software , and the forum or manual for your distribution will explain exactly what setup is needed .
the hboot flash region is protected from accidental/unwanted/etc writes . you need an exploit most probably . i found this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1486201
try this : how to change shutdown animation as it says , you will find the location of the animation is "/system/media/video/shutdown "
assuming you are using ics ( android 4.0 ) , do the following to change your input method . goto Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Keyboard and input methods then check the box in front of the menu item Google voice typing now you can select the voice typing as your input method .
as it turns out , the problem was caused by deleting wpa_supplicant . wikipedia can offer a little insight on what that means : in addition to being a full-featured wpa2 supplicant , it also implements wpa and older wireless lan security protocols . it further is responsible for the job to review a list of currently visible networks , select one of them , provide any additional security information needed to authenticate with the network ( e . g . a passphrase or username and password ) and add it to the preference list to enable automatic reconnection in the future . as it is said : curiosity killed the cat -- and deleting wpa_supplicant makes it quite impossible to use wifi . there are three corresponding files on android : /system/bin/wpa_supplicant is a binary ( i.e. . the program itself ) /system/etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is the default configuration ( as the path correctly suggests , in the read-only /system area ) , which also includes device-specific settings , plus some " inline documentation " in form of comments /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is located in the writable part . it repeats some of the contents from the system file ( most likely copied from there on initialization -- as /data gets completely wiped on a factory reset , those things must come from somewhere ) , but skips the comments . furthermore , this file memorizes those networks you have connected to , including ssid , encryption used , and the passwords , all in plain text [ sic ! ] -- that is where those " wifi password recovery " apps get their information from so if the latter config was deleted , it simply would be re-created after a boot . of course , all your saved networks would be lost -- but that is a minor issue compared to the others : if the system-config file gets lost , the binary does not now where to look for the interface , as that is configured here ( e . g . ctrl_interface=tiwlan0 ) . this would also explain the missing mac address : no known device , no known mac address . still , recovery from that should not be too hard : there are not too many different interface names , and other settings ( like the chipset used ) can be taken from specifications -- so root provided ( which is the case , or you could not have deleted it ) , you could re-create a matching file with a little try-and-err . if the binary was removed , options are narrow without a backup . having a similar device available running the very same rom , you could extract the binary from there ( the config as well , or course ) . if you have at least an image available for your current rom , you could extract it from there as well . if all above fails : yes , flashing a rom would solve the issue as well -- as this rom should contain the necessary files . it is quite unlikely you damaged your hardware that way .
you can download applications over a wifi connection without any phone plan . for example , i recently removed an htc hero from my phone plan and was able to download applications to the phone over wifi with no problem . . . . even though i could not make calls . since android is not limited to phones or devices with wireless data plans , requiring a phone plan would not be possible for all android devices . additionally , with competion in the works like amazon 's upcoming android applications market , there will be too much disincentive for google to require a monthly fee for market access .
you can not do much . you need to have new rom with googleplay for that device .
apps use ad cache to show you ads when both wi-fi and mobile network are disabled . you can use something like droidwall to prevent an app accessing the internet . but this requires a rooted phone .
well , if you had your 3g off , then they can not access that , i suggest if you did not override it , use apndroid from the market to do so and it also features a good widget . anyways , applications can not override your wifi settings , if it is off , then they can not turn it on , but if you left your 3g on without any overriding application , like apndroid , then they might use that , and this will ruin your data-plan . i suggest you use 3g watchdog and apndroid , both are available in the market , to ride and monitor your data-plan , and for wifi you got the power widget or any other mean to turn it on and off . keep in mind , keep your wifi and 3g off all the time until you decide you want to be connected . and if you enabled 3g , turn automatic sync before turning your 3g on , sync lives over mbs if you got more than two accounts to be synced as i do .
the method really relies on what handset are you using . and keeping your contacts on the sim card is one main reason for not being able to add photos to your contacts . anyways , navigating to any contact of your contacts and editing it then clicking on the silhouet will do the trick .
an alternative to gary 's method is to use " set as " . you can open the gallery app , select a photo and then pick menu > more > set as > contact icon . you can then choose the contact to apply it to . the " set as " option is sometimes available from other applications ( i have a media gallery app on my xt720 that has it ) .
open the stock people app ( i.e. . navigate to your contact list ) > select the contact > select edit contact > select the camera icon in the top left corner . your options are gallery ( find an image already on your phone ) or camera ( take a picture of the contact ) . hope it helps !
kineto is the company that makes the wifi calling software that is present on some tmobile phones such as the g2 . unfortunately this software is poorly written . to make matters worse it is only possible to stop or remove the software if you root your phone . ( more accurately it is not your phone - it is tmobile 's phone to do with as they please . ) coincidentally i contacted kineto support yesterday to complain . if more people do that maybe it will get fixed . it constantly spews out log messages at the error level every second or so , despite the messages not being errors you cannot stop the software ( needs root ) and the constant logging still happens even if you disable wifi calling sometimes the software gets confused and you have to reboot the phone to get it working again they have not structured it like most android apps separating the user interface from the service it looks to me like they had an existing codebase that they ported to android hence its poor structure and operation .
carrier apps like wifi calling generally try to run constantly as a background service , and stay connected so that they are instantly available . beyond that , we can not be any more specific about why it runs all the time ( you might get specific details from the carrier , but do not count on it ) . if you do not use it and do not want it to drain your battery , remove it ! it is probably a system app , which means you need to be rooted to remove it ; you can use an app like titanium backup to remove it easily . another option is to allow it to connect . presumably it will stop " spinning " and trying to connect if you just allow it to succeed , and use less battery .
got to the bottom of this . if your data connection is not on when someone sends you an mms , the download has a tendency to hang . if you shut off the connection to save battery or have any app that does this ( like juice defender ) , this will happen to you a lot . go into the mms app 's settings and turn off the " auto retrieve " option for mms and you should be right as rain .
i just had this same problem . apps worked this morning . i noticed that my 3g was not working during lunch so i shut off phone and took battery out . booted back up and i noticed that the apps on my sd card would not load . i rebooted , took out battery and sd card couple more times times . nothing seem to work . so i googled the topic and found this forum page . gave up because i did not see any resolution . by the time i got back to work ( approx . 30 mins . ) and had time to google other solutions , i went back to my app manager and the app icons suddenly re-appeared and seem to function properly . ? ? ? it is like the sd card just needed time to boot up ? lol . like 30 minutes . anyway . i am on an lg optimus slider running android version 2.3.4 .
as you refer to the article utilizing adb backup , you want to use adb to access your device . so for windows , you would need to install the corresponding drivers ; on linux , a single line in /etc/udev/rules/50-android.rules will be sufficient . i would suggest you read my answer on the question what is adb . . . , which ( at its end ) mentions a few guides to get you started with adb . for a quick configuration on linux , follow the steps in my answer on configuring adb for nexus 4 on ubuntu . if on the linux host the device is not turning up in the listing of sudo lsusb , and windows does not even claim to have found an " unknown device " ( as your comments suggest ) , make sure to rule out the usb cable as a possible troublemaker ( try different usb cables ; you might even visit a shop to " try before buy " , best taking a laptop with you ) . in case none of multiple usb cables work , a damaged usb port is becoming the likely cause -- though it might be charging fine , one ( or more ) of the data pins ( or their connections to the board ) could be faulty . which would mean you had have to turn in your device for service .
i do not know if there is a way to save them directly on the device , but i do know of a tool called sms backup + that i have been using almost since my fist android phone in 2008 , and before i used sms backup + , i used sms backup . this application will backup your sms messages and call log to your gmail . it puts them in to sms/calllog labels so they do not clutter your inbox , but it is a very handy thing to have all your messages backed up . especially when your wife says " i told you to get 3 loafs of bread " , you can pull up and say , " nope , see you said 30 loafs " . . . sms backup + can not only backup your sms/call log , but it can also restore them . the developer says mms is also " coming soon " . ( but he has said that for a while not , not that i am in any rush for that feature ) . and , did i mention , the app is free . even if i was able to save them to my phone , i would have deleted them 100x over by now with all the times i have done factory resets , new sdcards , etc . gmail also has way more storage available then my sim , device , or sdcard . it is also more reliable . i have never lost data stored in my gmail , but i have had 4 sdcards fail on me .
for just backing up and restoring messages , you can try sms backup and restore which backs up to an xml file on your sd card . you can use the xml file to view messages in a web browser or ms excel , etc . as well .
you can use email to save the messages from device to computer . use gmail . other solution is try vibosoft android mobile manager , it can export all data from phone to computer , but also it can send messages from pc to phone .
i have an htc kaiser ( at and t tilt ) that i had google maps installed on . google maps gave me the number of satellites that it could see in parentheses at all times . when i used my phone 's internal gps , i would get about 4 satellites , when i would use an external bluetooth gps , i would get about 12 satellites . when i use my tomtom , i get about 7 . the number of satellites is the biggest deal for getting good location ; the more the better . i never tried an external gps antenna on my htc kaiser to see if it was just the antenna that was the issue or if it was something else . the program called " gps status " available from google play store , will show you how accurate your gps is at any given time . the number of bins with green bars in them is the number of satellites that your phone can " hear/see " at any given time and then it also gives you the accuracy in meters on the display .
assisted gps ( agps ) chips that you find in most cell phones require some assistance from the cell phone network ( the towers ) to get an initial fix . no matter how accurate they are , they will not work well without a cell tower in range compared to a stand-alone gps chipset .
the gps chip used in the android devices ( usually sirf star 3/4 ) are of civilian grade . civilian grade chips has some deliberate limitations in par with military grade chips . the civilian chips does have some intentional errors called " selective availablity " . hence , whether it is android or iphone or bluetooth gps receiver or a dedicated unit which could be handheld or the one in car comes under civilian category which cannot be more accurate than 20 meters under the best possible satellite lock ( of course , with agps it can be improved ) . please check the wikipedia article which says " . . . improving the precision of civilian gps from 100 meters ( 330 ft ) to 20 meters ( 66 ft ) . " iphone uses broadcom 's bcm4750 chip and android phones ( samsung galaxy s2 ) uses sirf star 4 . interestingly , a web page claims " the published steady state position accuracy of the bcm4750 is 2m . " , which in my opinion could not be correct . in this research publication it is said as " iphone 4 exhibits an offset ( of about 20 metres ) " , which seems to be more scientific and correlates with the wikipedia page . however , all these talks are about hardware aspect only . it is the software that reads the input from chip , processes it and displays . if it is not doing a good job , well , still it spoils the show . so , finally my answer would be again be a question " if all these civilian gps devices cannot be accurate by more than 20 meters , does it mean anything to say x is good and y is bad ? ; - ) " update thanks to @ropo i observe that selective availability is indeed removed . here is the official statement , which says : selective availability ( sa ) was an intentional degradation of public gps signals implemented for national security reasons . in may 2000 , at the direction of president bill clinton , the u.s. government discontinued its use of selective availability in order to make gps more responsive to civil and commercial users worldwide . the united states has no intent to ever use selective availability again . in september 2007 , the u.s. government announced its decision to procure the future generation of gps satellites , known as gps iii , without the sa feature . doing this will make the policy decision of 2000 permanent and eliminate a source of uncertainty in gps performance that had been of concern to civil gps users worldwide . please take a look at a question at stackoverflow as well .
you need to get a stock rom of the same android version . in this case 4.2 jellybean , since its the base of cyanogenmod 10.1 . once you get the stock rom , you can open it with any zip viewer and get the apps you want from /system/app , then you just connect the phone via usb and adb push the apps to /system/app in the phone . be sure to wipe cache/dalvik and reboot to apply the changes . another easier way is if you have a nandroid of your last stock rom ( and its jb also ) . you can open the nandroid with winrar and get the needed apps from /system/app without searching for the stock rom .
yes , to an extent . i know there are apps that will create an ssh terminal . most likely there are other apps that can process other types of protocols . there are only few tablets that compatible with ubuntu ( at least work well with ) . the nexus 7 and/or 10 being a prime example . from what i hear , it works very well and is almost no different from the desktop version . in my opinion , from what you are looking for , i would get a nexus 7/10 and try out android os , and if it can not do everything you want it to , then install ubuntu .
for some reason , my contacts were sorted by organization and name , but something happened that my contacts were linked and the organization name dropped off . if you go to those contacts that just show number , click edit , then link , and then from the drop-down , select the organization name . . . too much work for something that was working fine , but that was my work-around .
on my evo when i add a contact with an organization and no name the organization is the displayed name . maybe try going to a contact and hitting edit ? this might get the phone to prepare the contact .
on my htc magic , i just put the business name in the contact 's name field , then have all the businesses in a contacts group called " businesses " for when i want to find one of them quickly . to be honest this is also the way i used to do it on my old palm , too .
there is an app called altitude that does allow you to configure those settings per installation ( = per device in your case ) . edit : purpose of the app - updating your latitude status/location base on more fine grained settings ( update interval , location source ) . altitude on android market xda thread i would recommend to configure latitude to " manual location " and altitude to automatic update , but first read through the thread to check if this tool does the trick for you .
for the current version of google maps ( 7.2.0 ) set Settings &gt; Google location settings &gt; Location Reporting &gt; Off on your tablet . for more details see the google help page . for an older version of google maps ( 6.14.4 ) i found : Settings &gt; Location settings &gt; Report from this device .
this is probably overkill and might not even work , but you could root your tablet and install cyanogenmod , which lets you revoke permissions for individual apps . so you could revoke permission for latitude to access your location on the tablet , but leave the rest of the app running . this may just cause it to crash , though .
if you go to settings in your latitude , under location reporting it gives you the option " do not update your location " . another option is to just turn off the gps on your tablet , this way it will not give your position in latitude .
under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google, Privacy &gt; Maps &amp; Lattitude , i have disabled the option " report from this device " on my nexus 7 tablet . this makes my phone the only device to update my location .
this sounds to me like a similar problem i have had with duplicating images in the gallery . i fixed this by clearing the gallery data , and allowing it to rebuild next time the media scanner ran . i would suggest trying the same technique . i would imagine that whereas i deleted the data from the gallery app , you should try clearing data from the stock android music player , or failing that from poweramp . settings-applications-manage applications-all-gallery-clear data ( confirm ) . this does not delete your media itself , just the database that details where the media is . the media scanner will rebuild this database automatically next time it scans . it would be prudent to backup your phone contents before you try this .
i find moving the cursor to a particular place in some text far more accurate using the trackball than trying to select it by prodding the touchscreen . i would say that there might not be a specific use case which can not be accomplished using only the touchscreen but that there are certainly tasks for which using the trackball is easier . it is all probably quite subjective though , and depends on user preference .
i suppose to best " answer " your question , the trackball is there to assist when the touch screen is not accurate enough . it also exists to give people more choice when scrolling and or selecting . personally , i never use it for that but instead use it for trackball wake . not having to push the power button every time to turn the screen on is a god-send . i , like others here , also run led customizations to notify me of specific things .
a lot of devices ( like most of the galaxy s family ) actually do not have a trackball/pad at all now . i very rarely used the trackball on my old htc magic , and have not missed its absence at all on my galaxy s . it is not needed these days , the touchscreen is enough .
i wager that it was a way to attract blackberry users .
beside moving the cursor in a textbox it is also nice as blinking orb of information . for mine if it is blinking blue i have a tweet waiting and if it is purple that is a google voice message , etc . and it blinks red and then blue and then green i have three things waiting . armed with that kind of information i can make a decision about if it worth getting the " stare of death " from my wife if i pick it up at dinnertime . what i really need is to have it blinking red if a new angry birds is available at the market .
you do not state whether it freezes up while downloading of other apps . i am assuming it does . what i had to do when the playstore froze ( halted ) on every download was as follows : 1 ) force close playstore , play services , and services framework 2 ) clear data playstore and play services 3 ) reboot into recovery 4 ) wipe dalvik-cache and cache 5 ) reboot 6 ) check the playstore again for working download i have had that happen a couple of times when flashing the wrong gapps package or by not doing a simple wipe before and after flashing . if the problem persists you will need to access your google account through the browser , not on your android , but on your pc and clear your data . i do not remember the exact steps that way , but i did find info in the help files there . the only other solution from there is to do a factory reset , just make sure you do a backup of your device before resetting . only do the factory reset as a last resort . edit : one more thing you can do is run a logcat , basically a running list of what is happening at specific times during application operation . i am not qualified to give you the right means of accomplishing that , just too much info , but i have found a wonderful write up from the xda forums on this . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1726238 this should show at what point the app is freezing and what is going wrong . good luck
ok this happens to me all the time i just go to app settings and then go to google play and them force stop and there it works
i have had many similar problems with several apps . sometimes , they say they are downloading but will not really download . make sure that you have agreed to any permissions that the kindle app asks for .
i use an app called airdroid which allows me to upload folders/files to my android phone . it is not done via bluetooth , however . it is done through my 4g connection .
i have the same problem and found that the problem is the memory card . if i remove the memory card , the phone is good &mdash ; battery back up and run with out heating up .
you said you have a lot of apps . are a lot of them running in the background ? if so , they could be the cause of your issues . it could be also possible that you have a virus , or you have an anti-virus ( which could be eating up a lot of cpu processes ) .
seems like you have a battery drainer app which also heats up the cpu by holding a wakelock and using the cpu the whole time . you need to identify and remove that app . the galaxy s has a pretty nice app called " program manager " , also using androids built-in " what caused the most battery consumption " feature should help you to find this app .
sadly there is no such option in the official gmail app . you can try using a third party mail client with more options such as k-9 mail : http://k9mail.org/
well , yes smtp headers can be seen over the gmail apps . login to your e-mail account ( which i am sure you are logged in over your gmail app ) . click over the email you wish to see headers on . on the upper right portion of the message box , you will see a reply or reply-to-all button , with a small downward pointing arrow . click the small arrow . you will see the message sub-menu , and an option for " show original " click " show original " is that you are trying to do ?
what is the app that is currently launched when you open a music for in es ? find that app in the settings > apps and tap on clear defaults ( not clear data ) . note that you need to clear defaults on the music player app , not on es file explorer . alternatively , you can go to es settings ( open es , then tap on the icon to the left of the current folder path , then tap on settings on the bottom ) > cleanup settings > clear defaults .
sometimes you need to lock and unlock the tablet to have it connect . if you are running any sort of task manager , disable it . can you post some screenshots ?
is it charging ? if not check the cables and replace them or check if the usb port is not damaged . did you try to unlock ( android device ) it after you connected it to the pc ? it wont be displayed to the pc unless you unlock it .
i do not know that lg makes the lock screen configurable like that , but you could always try a lock screen replacement . something like widgetlocker or lockbot might do the trick for you . lockbot has a free version , so i would start with that and see if it does what you want .
go to phone &gt; menu &gt; call settings &gt; internet call settings &gt; accounts
this often happens if you have sync turned off or your refresh interval is not often enough . i am able to turn my sync on an off through a toggle in my notification bar , and most phones can do the same . make sure sync for all services is on through that method . it is also not enough just to have notifications turned on through the app settings . make sure that notifications are also turned on in gmail by going to gmail> settings> ( your account ) and checking the notifications box . you can also check the " sync gmail " box . this works for me and i get my gmail notifications pushed to my phone almost immediately .
checklist : do you have proper network/data reception ( not in airplane mode , properly connected to wifi , etc . . ) are you using check settings-> data usage-> ' set mobile data limit ' ? in settings , make sure ' google ' is setup under accounts . select google and then click on the email address that you are verifying . the ' sync ' submenu will come up . verify that ' gmail ' is checked ( it will also tell you the last time it sync'ed ) .
according to this thread , you need to use software like pdanet to get it to work .
it seems there is a further update to the xperia mini pro , probably 9.1 is way to go , might fix up that known issue . check on the cyanogenmod page for xperia mini pro .
try this friendcaster for facebook app . this has a feature to upload multiple pictures from gallery .
version 1.0.2 is out , and appears that it is going to fix your issue . from the release notes : what is in this version : spiffy new profile icon on the menu screen handle multiple gmail accounts on first sign in minor ui polish ( emphasis mine ) unfortunately , i do not have my own invitation to google+ , so i am not able to test this .
i was able to select a different account just by clearing the data for google+ in manage applications . ( htc desire z running cyanogenmod 7.1 rc1 ) i would really prefer to be able to switch accounts on the fly , though , much like the gmail app currently allows . also i am reconsidering my google lifestyle -- might try to consolidate my many accounts . . .
it is not seeing the default account , just the first one listed , alphabetically . it is a limitation of the app . you can work around this bug by temporarily removing acc1 account . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync screen . tap on your acc1 account , and tap the " remove account " button . launch the google+ app and it should see your acc2 account and allow you to sign in with it . go back to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync screen . re-add your acc1 account . edit google just update the google+ app to handle multiple gmail accounts .
if you have a folder with a bunch of images you surely do have albums in your phone . astro is a file manager ( it focuzes on managing files , not on the aesthetics of the gallary ) ; gallery ( default gallery app ) would do the task . but if you like , you can always try a light weight photo gallery app quickpic via this link to arrange your albums nicely .
just create a new folder , and put some pictures in it . the gallery app will detect and show that folder automatically .
enter the main device settings , and from the my device page , choose lock screen . click on the screen lock item to see the list of screen lock methods , and change it to whichever type you like ( perhaps swipe or none ) . you will have to enter the existing password ( or pin ) to make the change . if you are using your phone to connect to a corporate exchange server , or similar , then a security policy on the device might force you to have a password ( or possibly a pin , depending on the policy ) . in that case , you will have to speak to your network administrator to get the policy removed before you can remove the password .
from my experience , gmail will not put people you have only emailed into your " my contacts " built-in group ( see gmail and auto-adding contacts ) . because of this , you should be able to tell android to only pull from your " my contacts " list , which would presumably only contain your important contacts . the steps to do this will vary depending on your rom . i am using a nightly build of cm10 , and these are the steps : open contacts press menu button , and choose " contacts to display " choose " customize " choose the account of interest , and make sure only " my contacts " is checked/selected ( or any other groups you want ) . hopefully that helps you out , or at least gives you an idea of how to accomplish this .
well , that is hard to say . its either your phone , your headset or both of them . i would say : go to a shop , ask to test a new one . if they work : buy them , its just your headset . if they do not work : test your headset in another phone . if they work : it is your phone . if they do not : its your phone and you headset .
titanium stores the . apk 's in /sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ and the data in the same folder in zip files . you can click the . apk to install it when viewing in a file manager . to restore the data , you can extract the zip file on a pc and copy the contents of the data folder ( another folder named something like com.domain.appname ) to /data/data/ on the device using adb : adb push com.domain.appname /data/data/
this is set in hardware , there is nothing you can do about this . you can learn more about this in http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=395c29e6b9cab6bchl=en
just follow the instructions here : rooting nexus 5 next time do search on xda for any custom rom , rooting related information !
no . to find out the ip addresses you had have to be able to connect to the dhcp server that handles giving out the ip addresses for that subnet , get and ip address and a subnet mask , and then scan the subnet for active ips . to do this , you will have to be connected to the access point .
the x86 android* 4.4 ( kitkat ) emulator system image enables you to run an emulation of android on your development machine . in combination with the android sdk , you can test your android applications on a virtual android device based on intel architecture . source : android* 4.4 ( kitkat ) x86 emulator system image
it looks like there are no android 4.4 images ready yet for this . in the download area of the android x86 project you can find a couple of images and more , starting with android 1.6 ( donut ) and currently reaching up to android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) , and also other useful resources . might be worth checking there again later , as i would expect they add 4.4 as soon as they have an image ready for that . i am not sure whether the genymotion project ( the " next generation " of androidvm ) offers some image downloads as well , as checking would require one to sign-up first . genymotion is another vm solution , which afaik works together with virtualbox . it should be quite fast and stable , is based on android x86 , and available for macos , linux , and windows alike .
here is a link for android 4.4 : android-x86-4.4-rc2 . iso android x86 is still in beta , the above link will give you rc2 . on 8/8/2014 , they released version r1 . you can always go to http://www.android-x86.org to check for new updates .
if you go to www.androidx86.org and click on releases , it will direct you to a list of releases that can be downloaded . http://sourceforge.net/projects/android-x86/files/release%204.4/ is where the android x86 4.4 rc2 iso is one such link that androidx86 . org will direct you to .
the genymotion web site says , speaking of android 4.4 , " we are finishing baking this hot new flavour . . . be ready ! " . as of this post android 4.4 is not yet available via genymotion or androidx86 to my knowledge , although both claim to be working on it .
the facebook for android does not currently support groups and pages . try accessing these features via http://m.facebook.com or http://touch.facebook.com
clockworkmod tether does usb tethering without root and bluetooth tethering is planned ( it is still in alpha ) . unfortunately , from what i understand only windows , linux and mac os will be supported , but who knows what will happen in the future ( maybe wi-fi support ) . koush 's apps are great .
i use pdanet for the usb tether ( which is something like $16 ) and foxfi ( free on the android market ) foxfi enables wi-fi without rooting . i use it all the time , even for running my kids wii . should work fine for running your tablets , iphones , and ipads , etc . works great for using my laptop while traveling also . they both work awesome for me .
this was way simpler than i thought it was . i was trying to get this working for days now but it is actually really simple . my first approach was using reverse tethering , having the idea that i would need the android device to get its internet/lan connection from the pc and not the other way around . though that is not the case , just enable usb tethering on your android device and thats all you need . after you did that , open a terminal emulator window on the device or open an adb shell session with the command adb shell . enter netcfg to print out all the ips and look for a device named rndis0 or usb0 or maybe another name , depending on your rom or device . simply look at all the devices that are " up " and make sure its not wifi or mobile data connection , you can recognize them by the device name . if you think you found the correct adapter ( it should not show more than 2-3 devices that are listed as UP and have an valid ip next to it ) simply send your osc messages to that ip adress and it will work just fine . this should work with about any network protocol . you should be able to access the device over another computer aswell by setting up some port forwarding on the host pc to the android device ip and sending your messages to the pcs ip . or maybe using the android ip adress works aswell though i somewhat doubt your router is aware of the device . double check the ip if its not working , it will not be the same sub network as your lan . i made that mistake with my first try and blindly entered the first 3 number blocks without having a closer look .
as updating some app will lead to temporary removal of apps from the application drawer . so you can simply reset your phone by pressing power button for 5 seconds . it will reload all the states of your phone . just try it it worked for me everytime
google maps new version is all rounder application for your navigation and maps , you can find that feature inside your new google map application itself , that is the reason why your applications has been some applications are replaced with brand new application which offer all features of replaced applications .
if it is possible , and when i am feeling lazy , i just use my camera . otherwise , i use prodo ( it is a task manager ) . i have a widget on my homescreen , and i just touch it when i want to make a quick and short " note " ( or task ) . notes or tasks , it does not matter . when i am done with them , i delete the " note " , or move the data to other apps like evernote or contacts , if necessary .
there are plenty of note taking apps on the play store : evernote , its android widget and all the official evernote apps ( like skitch ) are available on the play store . if you do not want to use evernote you have got the same thing with catch . com . there are its catch notes app and all the other on the play store . you can use the official microsoft onenote app for android if you are a microsoft onenote user . if you do not want online sync , you can use note everything . it is a free app but there is also a pro add-on ( €2.99 ) with more features . you can also try scribb . it which is more of a multipurpose note taking app . its free but you can get a premium key ( €0.85 ) to enhance your experience . google released google keep , its own note taking app too .
use hitchernet to transfer your files . it allows custom file saving location .
i use es file explorer to transfer huge files ( in gbs ) between my rooted phone and unrooted nexus 7 tablet . when doing a wi-fi based transfer ( i.e. . using send option ) , es file explorer asks for destination in the target device and i can choose where ever i want ( in the context of the question , i can choose a path leading to a folder in my external card ) .
hit the volume up and power buttons simultaneously ( do not hold the keys ) .
this may or may not be helpful , depending on how much samsung has changed the keyboard , but i can get the guillemets this way : press ? 123 to get to the number/punctuation keyboard long-press the " key to get a popup with non-english quotation marks : &bdquo ; &ldquo ; &rdquo ; &laquo ; &raquo ;
on my galaxy s3 , running 4.1.2 , the stock keyboard has these characters . ( i seem to be mistaken - see comments below . ) when you bring up the numeric keyboard ( from the 123 sym button bottom-left ) , you will , above this same button , find what appears to be a one-third , which is not a fraction , but the indicator that you are on the first of three symbol keyboards . click until you are on 2/3 , and find your characters just above the space key . an image of the specific keyboard ( s ) may be seen below :
apparently the stock keyboard does support it , as wbogacz 's answer shows . i was not aware of this , as i never used the stock keyboard . evidently those are not guillemets on the stock keyboard . i do not believe the stock keyboard supports this . you will need to use an alternative keyboard to get this functionality . using an alternative keyboard is another way to get this functionality which is a bit easier to access . one keyboard i know of that supports it is hacker 's keyboard , which is the keyboard i use myself . to type « and » on that keyboard , you do a long press on the circle button ( at the bottom-right . it acts as the compose key in this context ) , release it , and then type &lt ; &lt ; or > > respectively to get ‹ and › , you do the same and type . &lt ; or . > an exhaustive list of all the supported compose key combinations can be found here .
your native camera app does not support picture effects as the sony devices with jb update . so you have to go for a third party camera app . there are several good apps out there . fisheye camera photo effects pudding camera fxcamera
the milestone ( original motorola droid to all you americans ) does not use the default home screen app because of the slide out keyboard , since the default home screen app does not support landscape . switching to one of the other alternate home screen apps might solve your problem .
took me a while to figure out but it happened to me only at work . for some odd reason , when plugged into usb on windows 7 ultimate ( to charge ) , this would occur . at home , i use 7 home premium and everything works - driver and software . the pc at work simply would not install the driver for the phone , and would leave my phone hanging . being i am at work , i do not have the ' time ' to troubleshoot , but do notice this occurs often . hope this helps - from toronto , canada .
try to flash stock android 2.1 update1 rom on nexus-1 and then dial this code : *#*#2432546#*#* in your phone/dialer application to receive system updates via fota . once you have updated to your desired version then proceed with rooting . . . .
does this help ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=715799 . i remember going down the rabbit hole here some time ago and getting the right binary and installing it on my nexus one . hope this helps . ps - i would have left this as a comment if i could ( not enough reputation :- ( )
if you un-root your phone you should be able to tell it to re-check for updates and then re-apply the update . hopefully you used something like a recovery image to backup your phone before you rooted it , if so then you should be able to restore that backup to get yourself back into an un-rooted state . ( depending on the type of backup you took originally , restoring it may or may not overwrite your current user data , make sure you use all the available tools to backup any data you care about before restoring ) now you are unrooted you can go through the normal android process to check for ota updates : you can see if there is a pending update by clicking the system updates option at the top of that screen ( this will only show the available updates if your phone already knows about them , it does not go back to google/network ) . there is a way to force it to go back the google/the network if an update you are expecting is not showing : go to the homescreen . tap on dialer - to open the dialer screen . from the dialer type *#*#checkin#*#* ( that is *#*#2432546#*#* ) after a few seconds , you will receive an alert notification , accessible from the homescreen window shade " checkin result success " . return to the homescreen . press the menu key . select settings . scroll down , and select about phone . select system updates . if an update is available , you should see the update downloading . when the download is complete , you will be prompted to install ( now or later ) . you can now re-root your phone ( after backing up again ) to get your hebrew interface back . if applicable you should be able to re-use the tools you backed your data up with to get it back again .
the easiest way would be to install ROM Manager from the market . it is a fantastic application written by the guys that created cyanogenmod . from this app , you can download and install vanilla roms and custom roms with a few clicks . highly recommended .
should not be any major side effects . most applications are pretty good about cleaning themselves up . however , a lot of times you will see a directory at the root of your sd card from an uninstalled app . this directory was most likely created by the app to store some type of data externally , whether it be downloads , backups , etc . you may have to manually delete these if they show up . use a file manager to browse your sd card every once in a while .
aside from sd card , if the application connects to a server to provides its service , it may stores data in the server .
you do not say which lenovo tablet you bought , but according to this review lenovo have disabled multiple user profiles on their yoga 10 tablet in android 4.2 , but may be re-enabling the feature when they update to 4.3: the lenovo yoga tablet launches on the android 4.2.2 operating system , which brings most of jelly bean 's goodness - that candy-based name being the generic term for android version 4.1 to 4.3 , ahead of kitkat 4.4 's launch - but there is the notable exception for multiple user profiles . that is coming , but you will need android 4.3 and we do not know when the yoga tablet will receive this update , which is already available on some smart devices . so it looks like this is not possible on the tablet as customized by lenovo at the moment . why they have done this i do not know , but one common downside to manufacturer modifications and customizations to the android os is that they often make things look flashier but work far worse than stock android . one alternative is looking into loading custom roms that could give you back the feature , but this is a big step if you have not done that sort of thing before , so personally i would not recommend it . see these questions for more on that : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? and what are the advantages of a custom rom over rooted stock ? . alternatively , you could load a second facebook app onto the device that has a different facebook login saved into it . you can only load one copy of the official facebook app on the tablet , but there are quite a lot of third party facebook clients out there in the play store .
htc one v users can now take the software update . htc has provided the update for whatsapp crash . go to settings> about> software update
if the title bar disappears , install a task killer and kill all tasks . it may help .
try updating htc one v software . this will solve your issue . no need to reinstall whatsapp . you can go to setting -> about -> software update -> check now .
since this issue is mostly isolated to htc devices running 4.0.4 os or older , we have reason to believe your device may have issues with indian languages written in devanagari such as hindi , punjabi , gujarati etc . android only recently added sanskrit based characters support to android 4.3 . this is likely what is causing the crash in your history . unfortunately , this is not something that whatsapp can resolve , the only known fix is to update your phone to a phone that supports sanskrit languages or to ask your contacts to stop sending you messages containing devanagari fonts . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! regards kuldeep
i have a similar problem with the galaxy tab 1 . it means the charger is faulty and will not charge the tablet ( or will charge it very slowly - which seems to be your case ) . try squiggling it around a little bit until it charge , also consider buying a new samsung tablet charger ( the phone charger has a lower output , which is inadequate for a tablet ) , do not use the knock-off brands ! . if the red x is there even when it is not charging , then the battery is faulty , take it to the service center .
you can use any launcher ( eg . nova launcher ) . when you add the shortcut to the home screen , press and hold on the shortcut icon , tap Edit . after this , it will open a dialog box to edit the caption along with the icon . tap on the icon and select the required one from your phone .
i am assuming you mean microsd , not sd . sounds like the card is broken . you could try formatting it as ext3 or fat and see if either work . also , see if it works on a pc ( you can get a microsd/usb adapter for next to nothing ) .
same thing happening to me . after updating my galaxy grand to 4.2.2 i can no longer use the phone to format any microsd cards . . . very strange . i need to format to fat32 on pc and then it will work . even if i format to extfat on pc the phone will reject it . as an experiment , i deleted the partition on the microsd card with my pc . i then placed it into my phone . it prompted me that the card was unformated . when i formatted it with the phone all i got was " sd card safe to remove " . i removed the card from the phone and checked it with my pc . the phone did format the partition , but it was set as " other " type . . do not know what to make of this . . .
found the combination to enter the recovery mode . holding the power button and volume up - after 10 seconds the tablet shuts down , after 5 more seconds shows " service menu " . first for half a second there appears a standing android with spinning blue thing in front of him , and after half a second there appears a lying android with open bonnet and a red exclamation mark ( error ) and nothing else on the screen . then you have to hold the power again and press the volume up - the menu appears . cleared the cache and device started normally . that is pretty weird , as i have re-installed the whole system and cleaned the cache with fastloader . but it works now : )
i am guessing there is not a field for birthday in the android contacts app , and when you edit it is replacing the old info with the info on your phone ( which has no birthday due to no field for it ) . here 's the process for reporting bugs at android.com: http://source.android.com/source/report-bugs.html
boot up your phone . when it gets stuck on the logo , remove battery then place it again .
i am not sure what version of android you are running and not quite sure this is what you are asking but on my ice cream sandwich nexus s if i request a delivery receipt then a little tick appears in the message once it is been delivered . i have got messages from april 18th and they still have the confirmation tick on them so yes android stores them . here 's a screenshot of what they look like on my phone :
do you have contacts on your google account ? if yes , re-login , and load from google .
it is not " constantly " trying to update , and therefore it is not constantly using your battery . autosync only transmits when the other side has something to send . it does not constantly ask if there has been a change that needs to be synced . this is accomplished by opening a socket to the server , then putting the radio to sleep . the socket stays open until server attempts to send something , or the socket times out . tcp/ip sockets typically time out anywhere from 12 to 18 minutes after they are opened . each time the radio listens for traffic ( which in gsm land is every 120 milliseconds ) it will see that traffic is waiting if either the socket timed out or the socket became readable ( has data waiting ) . it would then power up the radio enough to read the data , or reestablish the timed out socket ) . your phone is doing that all the time , 24/7 365 whether you have autosync on or not . that is how cell phones work . it takes virtually zero power . so if you sync your gmail , contacts , calendars , picasa , documents , books , music , reader , all of those things you sync with google are handled by one socket . that one socket gets set readable when there has been any change in any of those services that needs syncing . add another socket for dropbox , or skydrive , or any non-google mail accounts . ( for non-google mail accounts always choose imap accounts , never pop3 . pop3 has to wake up and check mail . have your gmail account pull mail from pop3 , and get that account off your phone . imap accounts use imap idled , which works on the open socket method described above , as does microsoft exchange ) . the vast majority of these services go hours if not days between any changes , so there are very few times that data needs to actually be synced . most of the time its just a socket refresh . and all of these tend to happen at one time , because android tries to get them to all drop at the same time by starting them at the same time when you bounce from one tower to the next or switch from cellular to wifi . but the key point to remember is that your phone is always talking to the towers anyway , every 120ms , so these socket refreshes take almost zero extra power . source : icebike 's answer on http://forums.androidcentral.com/htc-one-x/181151-autosync-battery-killer.html
the moto x does not support t-mobile 's wifi calling . customer support reps have stated that this is because it is not a carrier branded device , meaning they have not modified the system rom to add this feature : the moto x does work on our network but because it is not a t-mobile branded device we do not support wifi calling on it . you will either need to set up some other voip service or get a different phone that supports this .
osmand is an offline navigation app and should support geo intents since 2011 . it has a fully functional free version and a reasonably priced paid version in the play store . it is foss also , so you could ask for the functionality to be improved or you could send a patch yourself if needed . there is also nightly builds available on the project 's site .
from inside the emulator , you can access the localhost of the host machine by using the ip address 10.0.2.2 ( source ) . for further info about creating an avd and using the emulator , check out the documentation .
if you root your device using one of the more modern methods , then you should have a superuser . apk installed that will prompt you before any apps are given root access . the superuser application also keeps track of the applications that have been given root access . if you do not know about rooting , there is no way you have an apps that uses root except if your phone is a second hand , and the previous owner did not wipe and reinstall a stock firmware .
( this may be os version dependant ) if you go into settings -> applications -> manage applications , you should be able to click on any app whether you installed it via the market or " side-loaded " it , and there is a permissions section if you scroll down that lists them all .
you can see the permissions of installed apps . go to Market -&gt; Menu button, My apps -&gt; select an app -&gt; Menu button, Security  there are also apps called permissions watchdog , and permissions , as per al 's comment .
the asus eee pad transformer is close to what you are after and available now . i like the way it also extendes the battery life . i would wait for something with a bit more power for this purpose though . i have a feeling that using a single core arm processor with 512mb ram in my case would feel pretty slow as a desktop experience . another thing to note is that android will not support all the keyboard shortcuts that you are used to on a desktop . i hope this changes because for me it is an obvious evolution . indeed the concept of a personal computing unit like this is something i have been waiting for for 15 years !
samsung have a dock for the galaxy tab which connects it to a pretty much full-size keyboard , and props the screen in a position where it is like a laptop 's screen . there are also a number of android devices that have a video or hdmi out capability to output their screen onto a tv , often needing a special converter cable . bluetooth is an option for connecting keyboards , keypro ( appbrain link ) ( official website ) andteksoft blueinput ( appbrain link ) ( official website ) load drivers onto your phone to let you use bluetooth hid to connect up many bluetooth keyboards ( trial versions are free to test your device 's compatibility , but it looks like if you want to carry on using it you will have to pay to register to make it work fully ) . there are other options for loading bluetooth hid ( keyboard ) drivers onto your phone if you root it . also , see these previous questions regarding connecting peripherals , such as keyboards and mice , to android devices using bluetooth . bluetooth keyboard with android ? what else can bluetooth do ? external hardware keyboards from android honeycomb ( android 3.1 ) upwards certain devices , that have usb host support built into their hardware , can attach and use normal usb keyboards and mice ( with the appropriate usb host micro-usb to usb converter cable ) . i have occasionally plugged in used a keyboard this way on my motorola xoom .
samsung galaxy s can output to tv using a special micro usb to hdmi cable : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtqbax_bdfk
motorola have just been showing off their ' atrix ' phone which does pretty much what you are after . it is apparently due ' later this year ' ( source ) . here 's a video of the docking features .
i am typing this response using a bluetooth keyboard , bluetooth mouse , and external monitor hooked up to my samsung galaxy nexus . it works great and was very simple to set up . no special drivers or apps needed . i am using a dell s2409wb monitor , an old rocketfish keyboard and an old rocketfish mouse .
google for ubuntu for android , the video demonstrates how your android phone can be connected to an external monitor and used as fully functional desktop , while still being used as android phone . great stuff , mind blowing ! !
i do not know about the twitter app , but if you are willing to use this site : https://ifttt.com/ then yes , it is possible . at this point ifttt does not appear to let you push tweets by a user other than yourself , so will not accomplish what is being asked .
this is an issue of login name and server name . after entering your email address and password . do not click next , but click manual setup . the next page should ask for your username , password ( properly fill in for you already ) , and exchange server . Username: &lt;Windows Domain&gt;\&lt;Windows Login&gt; Exchange Server: (you should know, or find out from your Outlook setting)  good luck !
setup the phone as a modem . still most android phones can be setup as a wifi hotspot . following urls may help you http://benchmarkreviews.com/index.php?option=com_contenttask=viewid=658itemid=38 http://blogs.computerworld.com/smartphones/20726/android-wifi-hotspot
to reinstall liveware™ manager or smart connect from your phone’s main application menu , find and tap settings > applications . select liveware™ manager or smart connect . tap uninstall , then tap ok . install liveware™ manager or smart connect application from google play™ again . note : the smart connect application only works for sony phones running android™ version 4.0 and later . all other android™ phones still need liveware™ manager application . ( source )
its a critical situation . if you are rooted , use titanium backup to take out contact storage . it displays storage item entries with green color .
the exact location of the contacts database might depend on your manufacturer 's " customization " . while " plain vanilla android " has them in /data/data/android.providers.contacts/databases , the stock rom on my motorola milestone 2 e.g. uses /data/data/com.motorola.blur.providers.contacts/databases/contacts2.db instead . a raw mask to check for is /data/data/*.providers.contacts/databases/*.db . the file is in sqlite3 format , and can be browsed on your pc with e.g. sqliteman , which is available for linux , mac , and windows alike . with this application you can browse the database in a graphical mode . of course you also can use the command line sqlite3 client if you prefer . crucial point to directly access this database is that your device must be rooted -- a precondition you already meet , as your question states . so you can either use a file manager to navigate to the database file , and copy it to your computer for investigation -- or directly pull it to your computer via adb pull . a third option would be to investigate it directly on your device , e.g. using the sqlite manager or asqlitemanager app .
if you do not think it is necessary to flash a radio then do not do it . at least i heard that it will not make any difference to your phone storage and speed . but somehow if you have connectivity issues like dropped calls , wifi connection not searching or gps does not seem to work then surely you need to flash the radio to another version than you are using at the moment . if you want to see which radio your phone is working on go to settings > about phone > baseband version > see the last some digits and then search for your phone like htc desire latest radio etc . . note : i recommend you should read more about radio before flashing it . sometimes there is a chance to brick your phone but do not worry if you have searched enough of it you are not going to lose anything . at least give a weekend or two to search for tutorials on forums like xda , android central , google , wiki etc . . happy flashing
the radio firmware controls basic low-level functions like network connectivity , wi-fi , and gps . for several years , though , " radio " means " baseband " , and controls network connectivity aspects only , while wifi and gps are governed by os drivers , like any other devices . usually upgrading your radio will not give you any new features but will fix connectivity issues , increase range or performance , decrease battery usage , or the like . some rom 's require you to have the latest radio versions to work . while a botched radio upgrade can brick your phone , the process is basically the same as upgrading your rom . just make sure not to unplug or power down your phone in the middle , make sure you trust the person who released the radio firmware , and try to read some comments or reviews .
phone service carriers will sometimes update the firmware on your radio . for reasons unknown , improved radio firmware is not always made available to customers . the radio firmware will , through software , increase your service coverage , giving you better signal and battery life .
as a side note on radio firmwares beware of upgrading them without having seen a test of the version on your network . sometimes new radio firmwares add features for some network providers that result in worse bandwidth , disconnections and other disagreement if you use them on another network . network operators do not provide phones with such broken firmwares ( they wait for the next version or just provide the same radio firmware forever ) but if you install them yourself it is a risk you take . but if you want to use the latest firmware all the times before your network operator or phone manufacturer provide the update you may need to take this risk ( video crashed the htc desire when used with all but the latest radio rom on froyo . . . )
in case you cannot find a device-specific driver , it is worth trying the universal adb driver . it should work with most devices , so i would even say this is the first one to try -- especially when having multiple devices , as this gets you rid of the need for multiple drivers .
though i am responding late , i too faced this problem today and could figure the call setting by following procedure below : press the phone symbol from the home screen settings button and select ' settings ' . under other call settings select ' additional settings ' caller id is that what you are looking for ? hth
you might want to take a look at locus maps : it not only can import kmz files ( i guess the ones you mean keep to the keyhole standard , so they should work ) . you can even have media ( pictures ) embedded within , and use them in offline mode . maps also can be downloaded right from within the app , so you can be prepared for your off-road trip . it also supports a bunch of different map formats ( including vector maps ) , so i would wonder if you were unable to get your mentioned material loaded with locus . besides : excellent support , active forum , and much more . . . definitely worth a look . and no , i am not the developer placing my ad here : )
i think it was a memory issue . i installed auto memory manager , set it on " mild " and never had the problem again .
ok i answer myself : after installing samsung drivers you need to find oem ? ? . inf file that contains ssudserd.inf comment out all references to wdf stuff version 1.7 and decomment the ones referring 1.9
there are some flashable . zip versions floating around , but people seem to have mixed success with them . generally speaking , installing the . apk in a traditional manner will cause fc issues . there is a couple of thread s over on the cm forums with links to zips you can try . here 's one such thread for market v2.2.6 ( the first version with the new style ) . you might need to do a little hunting if you want the most recent version ( 2.2.11 , i believe ) . some people have also reported success using the latest mdpi version of gapps instead of the mdpi-tiny version , but i am not sure how likely that is to work . as with most other modifications , i would recommend making a nand/ti backup before you do this . i flashed a newer market on my evo but it caused a bootloop the first time i tried . i think i ultimately ended up clearing my data/ and cache/ partitions , then clearing my dalvik-cache , then flashing the new market . you might not have to do something that excessive to get it to work , but it seemed to do well on my phone .
go to your web browswer - not on the phone - use a desktop or laptop ( you might be able to do this via phone but have not checked - you would probably need desktop mode if you wanted to try ) - and go to the android market : https://market.android.com/ log in between the search bar and android market you should get the following options apps , books , movies and my library - click on my library . just under the search option you should see purchase history . click on it . you should find a list of the apps and when they installed . this will help you pick up any apps etc that are new . to see the most recently updated apps just go to the market app on your phone , go to my apps ( my downloads - depending on the version of your app market ) and it will list them in the most recent order of updated/installed - with any requiring an update at the top - scroll past these to see the last ones you updated ( if any has an error its possible it might be in the apps to update ) .
if you want to add a shortcut on your home screen to your downloads folder or any other folder for that matter get astro file manager ( free ) . the app is pretty useful on it is own , but it also adds the option to create a shortcut directly to any folder on the homescreen . to do this , simply long click on the homescreen , choose " shortcuts " , then choose " astro " then choose the particular folder you want a shortcut to . i had astro for a while before i realized i could do this because the option is deceiving . at first look i thought it would create a shortcut to the app , not to a specific folder like it does . edit : after reading keith 's comment i realized you are probably talking about market downloads . in that case do what al everett said .
yes . open up the " market " app , open the menu , and choose " downloads " .
just open the marketplace and under menu , you will find downloads . another suggestion , if there are apps you use a lot you can create a shortcut to your homescreen by long pressing on an area of the homescreen where there is room for an icon , select shortcuts > applications and pick anything to save to your homescreen . i made a few folders on my homescreen of apps , for example one is called games , one is called utilities . then i filled them with the apps i use most . long press on the homescreen , select folders > new folder , keep it open and press on the application launcher , long press on anything you want to save into your folder and it will save there .
with ice cream sandwich , i have a new app in my app drawer called " downloads " which brings me to a list of recently downloaded files . obviously you can drop this as a shortcut on your home screen .
usually your apps are downloaded using your browser . for accessing them you open your browser , press menu > more > downloads .
indeed , overriding certificates it is one of the most popular ways to compromise https . so , if your employer can succeed to create a certificate that fools the app , it can easily perform a mitm attack . some links to check about mitm attacks on gmail app : [ 1 ] : http://www.networking4all.com/en/ssl+certificates/ssl+news/android+apps+vulnerable+to+man-in-the-middle+attacks/ [ 2 ] : http://bgr.com/2011/08/30/iranian-government-said-to-be-using-mitm-hack-to-spy-on-gmail-other-google-services/
partial solution long press on home screen to activate shortcut launcher tap on shortcut tap on activites tap on file manager ( astro ) navigate to file location ( internal or external sd card ) tap on target file accept ( or amend ) suggested shortcut name > ok named shortcut appears on home page under an icon for the associated app to display the document to open the document , tap on the icon and then tap on the associated app in the menu .
renaming shortcuts depends on what launcher you use . for example , with go launcher , you simply hold down your finger on whatever you want to rename and a box pops up asking if you want to rename it . the point being is that each launcher is different , but most are intuitive enough to where you just long click on the icon to rename it .
what you need to do is head over to sammobile . com and download the latest firmware for your phone , then using odin you can flash the new firmware . if your driver issues are software related then this will work because odin uses your phones " download mode " and that is a different driver all together , and if your truly stock and not rooted there is no way you could have changed it . samsung kies will come with the needed driver for download mode to get that too if you do not already have it . also you can check out forum . xda-developers . com there is a lot of useful tools and guides there . another option if the samsung kies for skyrocket supports it is a firmware emergency recovery . it will install the latest firmware , and use download mode to do it .
i know ow hard it it to find the right camera and software combinations for cameras . i have written a few proprietary java applications for just such a thing . i have found that ipcamviewer is a okay app for looks but man that guy has added support for just about every camera known to man ! it is a really good app in that sense but lacks a professional feel to it . but i would stick with that app as he continually updates it and if you have a problem and email him he usually addresses it in the next iteration . one of the better companies for streaming video is axis their video encoding solutions is one of the more configurable options . each encoder runs a webserver and if you know a little linux you can get on the server and reprogram web pages and even the java serving up the images . they also have solutions for standard cameras . so depending on cameras you may have to buy a special camera and take the output to an axis video encoder and stream it to your phone . i have done this with some really special cameras like flir ir camera ( cost is around $80k ) , and sony and hitachi low light cameras . there are some really good network cameras too , like sony 's hd camera and the multiple ones that axis has .
if you are unable to boot the internal memory and do not have special equipment you are likely going to have to bite the bullet and lose your contacts . i would re-flash the phone in this situation . hopefully you have been using android 's built in contacts backup . xperia tipo re-flashing
search light is open source , has no unnecessary permissions , and has a nice set of operating modes .
i do not see any excessive permissions in color flashlight . yes , it shows an ad for the first 10-15 seconds when you launch it ( at the bottom of the screen , flashlight is still usable ) . the other permissions i believe are needed to change the screen timeout , backlight , and camera flash settings . it should not be hard to make a truly free version , but i have not seen one , and do not mind supporting a developer with a non-intrusive ad .
oi flashlight is open source , it can use both camera flash and bright screen .
kevin 's answer is great , but just some new info : the flashcard app , which was popular since very early on , has been released as open source : https://github.com/devesh/flashlight
running in background does not mean the app did " unthaw " itself . to understand this , some background information might be helpful : " freezing " actually does not change the app or uninstall it . it just marks it as " unavailable " , so it no longer shows up in the app drawer etc . it should also no longer receive broadcasts . but it is still there . so if another app knows its " intents " , it could explicitly call them ­– and they would respond . this is what most likely happens here : something is placing an explicit call to it . before freezing maps , i have disabled some of its " listeners " ( i do no longer remember which ones ) , which can be done with several apps , e.g. autorun manager pro or rom toolbox pro . for me , maps no longer wakes up . i would recommend you taking a look at autorun manager ( you might check its free version first ) . as it offers both , freezing and receiver-blocking , it would be the first choice concerning this . oh , same applies for rom manager , by the way , which also offers a free version . so you have got the choice to check them both , comparing , and then deciding which one to buy – as full functionality in both cases only comes with the payed versions . ps : afair the dev of autorun manager wanted to implement a freezing method which automatically un-registers receivers . so you might want to check that one first .
not sure how much help this is , but i have had success using the reverse tethering solution with iis , so it must have something to do with your server . with iis i connect using the ip 192.168.0.0:port/{path of directory within iis instance} hope this helps
as per jeff darcy ( original ) : this is what i did to fix it ( without touching a pc ) . i used es file explorer , and " photo editor " from the play store to accomplish this : copy the original apk ( systemui . apk and rosie . apk ) to a writable folder using es file explorer , long press on the apk and choose ' extract ' once the extraction is complete , find the image you want to change , under res/drawable-mdpi edit the image using photo editor ( i just made it black ) , and overwrite the original . using es file explorer , recompress all of the files you got from the extraction , using the zip extension keep the original apk , renaming it to something like " systemui . apk . old " rename the new zip file to " systemui . apk " , being sure to match the original apk file name in spelling and case . move your new systemui . apk to /system/app , overwriting the default reboot , and enjoy . caution : this may not be the generally accepted method , and therefore could potentially cause damage to your filesystem . be sure to perform a nandroid backup , and back up your original apks , just in case .
there are mail headers for threading ( in particular i am thinking of References: and In-Reply-To: ) , why not use one of those rather than trying to overload something else ?
if you have warranty then give it to the service centre and tell them to clear the water logs , if you do not have then you can do it by yourself and there are lots of tutorials available for dismantling and assembling . keeping the phone with battery and water could cause some short circuit and there are possibilties that you battery will be dead completely . so act fast
no , odin is just for flashing . the dump command does not seem to work , at least not as of odin3 v1.85 ; see can i make a full backup of my phone with odin and without root ?
it is possible to create a personal layer in google maps and have it show up in the maps app . you can create a pin , and label it . however , you will only see pins on the app . but once you click on the pin , you will see your custom text . google maps site . log-in to google maps in desktop mode ( a pc maybe ? ) . at the top left beside the Get directions button , click the My Places button . then , click the red Create Map button . give your map a title , add some pins ( and custom text ) on it , then click the Done button . google maps app . if the app is open , close it and open it again . once open , click the Layers button at the bottom right . click My Maps and your list of custom maps will show up , together with the pins you put up . see if that is a suitable workaround . update : the My Maps option of google maps has been discontinued . as of 12th december 2013 , a new app , the google maps engine android app has features similar to My Maps option that allows you to create maps from the google maps engine site . this app lets you see it the created maps and layers .
i would recommend leaving the stock keyboard and using the google keyboard . it does have a language change key that is great for changing inputs , unlike some stock keyboards . i have set up english ( qwerty ) , english ( dvorak ) , and spanish . its compatible with android 4.0+ .
just a wild guess : open contacts app long-press a contact so that a menu appears click edit click groups check ice - emergency contacts although i have an s4 , i can not try it on my phone due to some security settings .
once you hit the gray box and that ice list pops up , i believe you just have to select a contact from that list in order to assign that person/phone number to the box . just be careful with assigning contacts to the gray boxes because it can be very easy to pocket dial these people . in case you are interested in removing someone from the gray box , you select the menu button while on the " emergency dialer " screen and it'll give the option to remove the contact from the gray box . hope it helps .
yes , one solution is the bookmark sort and backup app . visit here from phone or search for " bookmark sort " on android market . ( pro version comes without ads . ) hope it helps . edit : bookmark sort and backup free and bookmark manager free on appbrain.com.
i have found the solution . the original image size was huge ( about 2600 pixels wide ) . so i used photoshop and transformed this image to 960 x 480 . now the image looks the same way when set as lock screen or home screen wallpaper like below :
this was a problem with the routing software connectify .
i had this problem on my t101 tablet . sometimes , " forgetting " the network entry would work , but my final fix was this : i set my phone up as a hotspot and connected my tablet to that . after doing that twice my tf101 has connected to my router without fault . it is not a satisfying answer . things should not be so clunky , but here we are .
same issue i had . only thing that worked for me is restarting the router and then connect back to router . but the issue is that there is no internet after 3-4 minutes maximum . and then go restart again the router and again 3 min of internet . . .
i was having the same issue for the last 2 days . after upgrading to ics wifi was working but stopped working suddenly after a day . this is how it got fixed : selected the network and clicked forget turned off wifi turned wifi back on connected the wifi network again
there is a few things you could try : turning phone and router off and back on . changing the ssid of the network . changing the password for the wifi . changing the encryption used on the router ( ie . from wpa to wpa2 or the other way around , or even turning it down to wep ) changing the channel that the wifi is using . turning off the password for the wifi and trying to connect ( do not forget to turn it back on later though ) . i know some are fairly basic but i have had problems in the past connecting to my virgin media router and they have worked for me .
from what i am reading , it sounds like your best bet will be to reset it to factory defaults . that looks like it is fixing the problem for others . this will , of course , delete your apps , contacts , calendar , and a couple other things that escape me at the moment . make sure that you have your phone set to back up everything with your google account , and i would recommend using titanium backup to make a backup of all your apps .
my solution was to change the front room wifi to wpa2 to match the backroom 's wifi ( wpa2 ) which i never had a problem with . do not know why this works i cannot believe the sgs2 has less than optimum support for wpa . maybe it was buggy software . . . although i am fully updated and have been since i got the phone . ( september 11 ) i should mention this was not a problem caused by ics or fixed by the firmware upgrade as i had the problem pretty much as soon as i got the phone ( september 11 ) .
the feature of selection of text is a topping added by phone manufacturers . for an instance , in my lg optimus one ( p500 ) which was running 2.2.2 did not have any text selection feature . as you had said , i have to manually move the caret to a favourable position to erase a text . however during an update to 2.3.3 , the manufacturer had enabled me to select a text by double tap ( and in some places , a single tap or long press is required ) . when i was discussing this with my friend who had samsung galaxy ace running 2.2.2 , i was surprised to know that the feature i got in 2.3.3 was already available in his phone . i guess with android 3.0 onwards , this has been baked in as standard feature .
as we deal with touch screens , which allow for a bunch of gestures : it would be hard for the system to decide whether you want to select text , just move the " pointer " ( e . g . to insert text ) , move the word under your finger to a different position , scroll , or switch to a different screen . . . think of your desktop and moving the mouse , which also would not select anything -- unless you click and hold the button while moving . so usually , selecting text is done the way you described : long-press ( or double-tap , or single-tap -- may depend on the app used ) on the word you want to start marking , then move the markers to include the text you want to select .
in addition to android 's built-in features , it is possible for apps to change the way you copy text . one popular app for this is copy text , which lets you select and copy text that is normally not selectable . if you want to copy text in different ways , browsing the play store to see what is available is a good idea .
every android devices comes with many apps already installed . on one hand , these are useful and enhance the functionality of your device . but on the other hand , like in your case , they are useless apps that use resources , are not available on the user 's country , and some times can not even be uninstalled and . this is better clarified below , but it is all about deals that have been made . . . what apps come with the device ? built-in almost every device comes with essential apps to allow the user to use the device instantly . some examples are : browser , camera app , email , clock , e-mail , music player . carrier specific it is common to find apps to access the wireless carrier services , either to entice you to subscribe or to access information about your account . google own apps apps developed by google may or may not be pre-installed in your device . this is decided by the device manufacturer or wireless carrier . one can always install or uninstall as desired . bloatware wireless carriers or device manufacturers , bundle sample apps as part of a deal made with vendors . usually this app can not be uninstalled .
google music ( or play music as it is called now ) is not just used for music purchased from the play music store , or for music stored in its cloud service , it can also play music stored locally on the phone , or on inserted sd cards . my uk galaxy nexus has it pre-installed , even though the play music store and cloud storage service are not available here . it is just the latest version of the built-in android music player , and works perfectly well for playing mp3s saved on the phone , even if you never use any of the cloud services or the store .
you would wonder what else comes pre-installed . some phones have been seen in germany with software special to some russian mail providers -- almost causing panic being suspected of a malware attack . as it is , it is easier for manufacturers to maintain one installation type , which they can ship internationally . as long as they do not exaggerate , and keep the system image in a decent size , this should normally not bother anyone -- most of those apps are either hidden and only show up with a matching sim card being inserted . unfortunately that ( hiding ) is not true with some other apps as e.g. google music -- but still it serves the purpose of " production ease " .
i did also read about this . knox seems to be blocking the communication to usb devices in some cases . the google nexus 5 ( lg ) is also available now . its pretty cheap for the features it offers . you should take a look at it before you swap you device . there is also a root available for the sgs4 but it would break your warranty ofcourse : this is where i read it more about the root . only use the one from the xda-developers forum !
had same problem , did a factory restore on the phone after i did a kies backup on my pc . then reconnected the device to my pc , it found it and then restored my information from my kies back-up on the pc back to the phone .
i figured things out . for one , after i added the iptable rule , i needed to reboot my phone for it to apply ( which i was not doing ) . secondly , i needed to use the lan mac address ( not the bssid/wireless mac address ) in order for the iptable rule to work . thirdly , i downloaded afwall+ . it allowed me to set it as administrator to prevent uninstallation . the only thing missing is that the developer needs to password protect removing the app as administrator . then i downloaded android terminal emulator . in order to find the lan mac address for the connection that i am looking to block , i typed this into the emulator : arp -n  then i used the mac address that was given in the terminal and put that into this rule here to be place in " custom scripts " in the firewall : $IPTABLES -A INPUT -m mac --mac-source 00:00:00:00:00:00 -j DROP 
might be worth a shot to try this : $IPTABLES -A "afwall-reject" -m mac --mac-source 00:00:00:00:00:00 -j DROP  the switches in iptables are case-sensitive . replace 00:00:00:00:00:00 that with the mac address of the bssid that is transmitting wifi beacon packets , and password protect it to prevent mitigation attempts in trying to override it .
to use an attached usb device you need to have : a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable usb host mode drivers loaded on your device a version of the android operating system loaded on that device that supports usb host mode an android device ( eg phone or tablet ) that has built-in hardware support for usb host mode and finally there need to be drivers on your device , for whatever usb device you are plugging in . operating system usb host mode support was introduced in android version 3.1 ( honeycomb ) , so if you have android 3.1 , or newer installed on your device then you should have the necessary support for it in your os , android 4 also adds additional usb and otg support . also , many third-party roms add support for usb host mode to phones that have the hardware support , but do not have the necessary os or driver support in the official operating system release . host mode drivers most devices that have both hardware support and a new enough os will have the necessary drivers loaded to enable usb host mode , but some do not . you can find driver apps on the play store for some models that do not have built in drivers . some models with 3rd party instructions and drivers available are : nexus one htc desire htc incredible cable you can not just use a normal usb cable . as these devices can act as both a usb " slave " device ( for instance so that you can plug them into a pc and copy music onto your phone , or copy pictures off the phone ) and a usb " host " ( for example so that you can plug a usb memory stick into your tablet and copy files on or off it ) they need some way to tell which they should act as at a given time . a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable is what is used to tell your device to act as a host , this is like a normal usb cable but it has one of the internal pins connected to ground at one end to let that device know that it should act as the host ( technically pins 4 and 5 are shorted to ground in an otg cable ) . additionally , as most phones have micro-usb sockets , but most usb dongles have " full-size " usb plugs , as below many otg cables have a male micro-b usb plug at one end , and a female usb-a plug at the other to convert between the different sized connectors . the motorola camera connection kit , which is a usb otg cable usb otg cables can be bought fairly cheaply on places like ebay or the amazon marketplace , as well as many small electronics shops . you may also find that your device 's manufacturer sells an official , branded one , often called something like a " camera connection kit " or " usb memory stick connection cable " . if you are brave you can also find various tutorials on the web on how to make your own otg cable from a standard usb cable . usb device drivers when you plug your usb device into your android phone or tablet it needs to know what that usb device is and what to do with it . for common devices , like usb memory sticks , or cameras that support pptp or usb mass storage , these will often already be built into the os . for other usb devices , like wifi , 3g or bluetooth dongles there may not be drivers pre-built into the os , or only drivers for certain specific devices . how to test everything together there are some apps that can help you test whether you have all of the necessary hardware and software to do this , such as usb host diagnostics . using it to test your device 's capabilities is very simple install usb host diagnostics from the play store run it tap the start diagnostics link , and following the directions first ensure that you have nothing plugged into usb on your device and then plug a device ( such as a usb flash drive ) in when prompted if everything works you should end up with a summary screen like this , showing firstly a few details about your device and the running os , then letting you know whether or not your device says that it supports usb host mode , and then the all important final verdict that lets you know whether testing the host mode access worked or not : if everything is working and the app successfully detected your usb device ( showing that your usb host mode is working ) you should have " yes"s in the ringed sections , and some details showing how much access 3rd party ( ie non-built-in ) apps have to the device . if not , there should be details there to help you track down where the problem is . alternatively , chainfire , the author of usb host diagnostics , has a ( long ) listing of all the reports that people have submitted after running the test on their devices . you can look your device up in the list and see if people with your device and operating system version have passed all of the tests , or not . have a look for your device here : http://usbhost.chainfire.eu/
i am using the latest version of drive . i know there was a big update not long ago and i see this question was asked before the update . anyway , just go to the cell/column/row and highlight it . then tap on it again . options will come up for " clear " if it is just a cell or range . if it is a row or column " delete " will be one of the options . i hope this helps .
have you tried powering it off and charging it for 6 hours ? if not , that should be your first course of action . if after charging it still does not power on , you may have either a bad charger or a dead battery ( or some other strange bug i have never run into ) . if you have a different charger , give that a go for 6 hours and see what changes . on my galaxy note 10.1 i have had that logo show up when i have very low battery . it will not actually power on until the battery is partially charged once you have taken the battery all the way down to zero . also , youtube : https://www.google.com/url?sa=trct=jq=esrc=ssource=webcd=4cad=rjauact=8ved=0ceqqtwiwawurl=http%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dl1jrrvcq8f8ei=3hpsu9lioiqiyasgmocwdwusg=afqjcnh9b0sbxk8q_fwhhpnvunhmlmcxxgsig2=lvcdhd3b7ilrufw4gpimqabvm=bv.71667212,d.aww
according to this stackoverflow question , yes . excerpt :
if you have a locked bootloader , it is s-on . if you fully unlock the bootloader it is s-off . as eldarerathis notes below there is an intermediate state , where it is unlocked but still s-on , where you can flash recoveries and roms but not radio firmware and so on . if you do not unlock the bootloader , you can not flash unsigned firmware and most often can not alter your rom ( i.e. . , no permanent rooting ) . the locked bootloader generally restores a known good system image on boot if it sees that changes have been made . for some devices there is no known method of unlocking the bootloader ; most of the time you need something official like htc 's unlocker tool .
one option - if you have root and a proper custom kernel you can use something like setcpu to underclock your processor . cyanogenmod also has this functionality built in since at least cm7 , do not remember if it is in cm6 . that can be found in Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Performance iirc . without root access , i suppose you could try to run some kind of " expensive " process in an attempt to occupy cpu cycles , but its probably not the best of ideas or an accurate portrayal of a slower device .
do not ever believe that ios or android cannot get viruses , they may be less susceptible to viruses just to the simple fact that there are significantly less viruses for mobile platforms as opposed to say windows . i strongly advise against going to websites from google images . i have battled for countless hours with other computer viruses that people got from browsing images from google . try downloading avg from the play store and running a few scans , i also suggest periodic cleanings with ccleaner ! best of luck
in short . yes . they are plenty of malware sites out there , targeting android devices . i recommend avast or bitdefender .
third party call apps for receiving calls via google voice have now been disabled . maybe gv will make an update to this . but with buzz about them phasing voice out . . who knows .
yes , you can . but the only gv function on wi-fi alone without some sip server help will be texting and getting voicemail just like you can also get email over wi-fi . i tried what you are doing last year just to get it to work . using a free pbx service over the internet and gv , i was able to make calls over wi-fi . you need a sip server or some voip server to ' find ' your number over ip communication . you could use skype to do that also .
you need a third-party app to recieve wi-fi calls . two popular apps are grooveip ( paid and free ) and talkatone ( paid ) . you could also set up sipdroid ( free ) , which will set up the sip forwarding using pbxes.com. or you could use a number of other sip apps and set up forwarding yourself , but that gets a bit convoluted .
the long-click is basically the same as a right-click which brings up context menus . things for mouse-over such as viewing titles , and link urls can be accomplished with bookmarklets . i have examples bookmarklets to view all titles , and all href links , see " href:" , " href-x:" and " parentips " on for instance my dolphin gestures page . you can invoke example by clicking on one of those boxed bookmarklets links . to learn more about bookmarklets , if you are not familiar with them , i would suggest starting at http://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets .
long-press the item ( to open its context-menu ) , then hit the " back " key ( to leave the menu ) . works on most devices . explained e.g. here , scroll down to " smartphones " .
the files /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/maps /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/smaps  are not universally readable by anyone , at least not in stock device . try running from a terminal emulator from inside android ( running as a regular user ) , instead of adb ( which runs at a slightly elevated privilege ) . adb runs with a lot of privileges because it is used for debugging and need to be able to access a lot of device features , that is why it is dangerous to connect a device to an untrusted machine with usb debugging enabled . and the file /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/statm is also readable in desktop linux systems .
there are perfectly good reasons why those informations are readable , and that is nothing dangerous ( writing , however , would be ) . this is inherited from the linux system android builds upon -- and i will give you a few short examples to show you the good of it : if you list contents of the /proc ( virtual ) directory , you will find things like e.g. : /proc/meminfo: this is where all apps can obtain information about total/used/available ram -- so e.g. system monitors can present these details /proc/devices: shows all devices available on the system , so e.g. a camera app can tell if ( and where ) there is a camera to be used -- or exit otherwise /proc/uptime: to show you how long the device is already running and more . nothing dangerous about knowing this -- just the opposite : to many apps these are essential information so they can do their job . now to your special /proc/&lt;pid&gt; sub-tree : again it is the system monitors ( and the task killers ) depending on this information . here they can get a list of running processes . all the details on those apps ( how long have they been running , how much memory are they using , etc . ) is to be found here . no system monitor could do without this . and again , there is nothing harmful about reading here . the maximum " bad " thing about this is any app could look what other apps are running , and what resources they are using . from a user 's perspective , we will not dig much deeper here . just one more thing to say : these informations can be very useful if you have to go troubleshooting . some of my answers even included this already . and for sure you do not need to be afraid of " dangerous leaks " just from the fact this all is world-readable . moreover , as lie ryan makes clear in his answer , not all of the information here is world-readable : some sensitive information is , in fact , protected . also keep in mind that adb generally has more privileges than any other " normal user process " . especially starting with android 4.0 ice cream sandwich ( ics ) its privileges have been increased ( e . g . to make a complete backup possible even if the device is not rooted ) , so you cannot take " access via adb " as a reference here -- but rather should check from a ( local ) terminal . additionally , risks are increased when connecting via adb with usb debugging enabled , as this again increases privileges granted to adb .
you can not do it . . . . do not do it unless you want to get booted from the screenwise panel and also be billed for the device ( currently over $200 retail ) . it is running a skin over the top of the device , similar to how samsung runs their own touchwiz interface over the top of android os . it is not just an app that is running on top ( although there is a separate and completely different screenwise app on the android market that is used with this panel , it is not the same thing ) .
i recently got 3 of these devices and discovered that they are already rooted ( superuser is installed ) and all you have to do is install a launcher . since you can not access anything other than the screenwise app ( yes , its just an app ) , you will need to sideload it via adb . what i did was connect to my computer , let windows get all the drivers installed , and downloaded a gingerbread launcher apk file . then i used the adb command ' adb install launcher . apk ' where launcher . apk was the file i downloaded and put into the root of the adb folder . hope this helps !
which rom ? check rom-settings -> " active display " -> then disable or settings -> display -> " active display " -> then disable i think good chances aosp handles it in either one of these ways .
there are a few things you can try before contacting comixology support . go to the settings of the comixology app , and then tap the restore purchases button . that might solve things if you are logged into your comixology account . if that does not work , you can go to the purchases section of the app and read from there . click on the comixology icon in the top left corner of the app to view the menu to switch from featured , publishers , purchases , etc . once you are on the purchases screen , click on a book , then click the read button . the final solution to try would be to re-install the comixology app .
the android market pulls the os version directly from the system . as far as i am aware there is no way to fake this other than building a custom rom that fakes it , or possibly some sort of code injection . as ce4 's comment says , you will need to obtain the app from a different device running a supported os or through some other means ( a different app store for example ) .
if it is due to the manifest , which most likely bit is , then an error will occur if you try and side load the app . the only way to install it would be to use a utility such as apktool to edit the manifest file to make it compatible with your device , and then side load it .
first of all : motorola droid and motorola milestone are two different phones , although they look the same . the xt720 ( aka motoroi or sholes tablet ) is another phone from the milestone family , but without a keyboard . the software is not compatible , flashing a sbf file for the wrong phone will result in a bricked device . if you flash a custom rom via an update . zip or nandroid image , you will not get past the motorola-logo on boot , but it is still possible to flash the right rom . model number : milestone firmware version : 2.1-update1 firmware configuration version : gas_emea_usashls00rtint_p012 the box says : sm , a853 , tr , retail , licbrz this is indicating you got the standard milestone , the a853 , with the south-east asia firmware ( rtint ) . you can flash every milestone ( a853 ) rom , but it is possible , that 3g will not work due to different frequencies . i think , a brazil rom ( vivo ? ! ) was leaked some time ago , but there is no official release yet . custom roms : edgard castro maintains a brazilian aosp rom ( http://code.google.com/p/shadowmodbr/ ) and there is an unofficial version of the cyanogenmod 7 ( 2.3.3 , gingerbread ) . more info here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=670
the motorola update software will recognize the correct origin , so you could always try to get the official froyo upgrade . click around on this page to get instructions : http://www.motorola.com/staticfiles/support/gb-en/froyo/milestonenotification.htm
i suggest if you do not know what you are doing use stock roms : ) so : get a rom from http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/ use odin to flash it . i suppose you know how to . if you dont check this article : http://blog.djodjo.org/?p=425
it sounds like your tablet is missing the ' contacts ' or ' people ' app ( or has one customized by the manufacturer , which does not understand the same intents ) . since every oha-certified android device has it , gmail is trying to launch it without checking whether it exists , and that is what is going wrong . if you disabled the app yourself ( by clicking disable in the app 's page in settings → apps ) , then you have to re-enable it to avoid this problem . if the gmail app was pre-installed on your tablet , then this is a system integration error . you should complain to the manufacturers and ask them to release an update to fix the problem . until then , or if you installed gmail yourself on a tablet that does not support it , you should be able to fix the problem if you can find and install the original contacts or people app .
no , you can not use a rom for a different device . the rom needs to be for the same device . in most cases , the flashing tool will detect that you are using the wrong rom and stop you , but in some cases , or if you disable the warning , it will simply brick the device .
it looks like this is either specific to the hardware of the camera or even the software the manufacture using on the device . i have a samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) and i can pause and resume video recording . my previous device , the htc dream ( adp1/g1 ) could also pause and resume ( from what i can remember ) .
i do not see anything in the settings . possibly you could hack the app and replace the font , or you could try another music player . lack of internationalization sucks .
it seems that the problem was the encoding that windows media player used . it uses the windows hebrew code-page ( 1255 ) . i used foobar2000 with the chacon plugin to change it to the mac hebrew code-page ( 10005 ) which seems to be supported by my phone .
beyondpod podcast manager ( free trial , $6.99 unlock ) will play at 1.5 and 2 times speed , however you also need to purchase the presto sound library open beta ( $3.99 ) to enable that particular functionality . works well once you have done that , though .
astro player beta will go up to 2x i think . works pretty well .
today , presto entered open beta . presto provides a background service which allows other applications to play mp3 and ogg vorbis files on your android device at faster or slower speeds and/or faster or slower pitches , so that any application can have variable speed playback , as long as the end user has presto installed . developers must modify their app for presto to be used while playing audio , and i have released open source code to make that almost a drop-in replacement for the android mediaplayer . beyondpod , doggcatcher , and podtrapper have all been working with me in the course of development , so should have a version that can use presto
anennapod recently included support for variable speed playback , either via presto or it is open source implementation , prestissimo .
have you tried doubletwist ? i have been enjoying this music app very much .
there is osplay which claims to have variable speed playback with pitch control but it is $5 and it is still a pretty new app so i have been hesitant to try it .
try audio speed changer . works on existing audio files .
if you will pardon the " non-answer " . . . i wrote taffy to act as a proxy between your android device and the podcast provider . it speeds up the podcast before your podcatcher downloads it . there are several undesirable aspects to this approach ( hosting not the least among them , nor inability to change playback speed during playback ) , but i use it every day to listen to several podcasts on my droid at faster speeds . here 's to it becoming obselete soon . my droid uses beyondpod , pointed to taffy podcast feeds , to automatically download all of my podcasts straight to my handset during pre-dawn hours . i wake every morning ( and have for months -- taffy 's a pain to setup , but it is pretty smooth sailing from there ) to no-hassle , " sped-up " podcasts ready for my commute .
as of today , there is no android application that supports podcast management and variable speed playback .
new app location alert will do this . never forget another task with location alert - now available completely free ! location alert is a cutting-edge application that reminds you to perform tasks based upon your current location , rather than time . often there are tasks to which you cannot specify a certain time , however , would like to be reminded when in a certain vicinity . for instance , you don’t know when exactly you will leave work this evening , but whenever you do , and are crossing the grocery store on your way home , you want to be reminded to pick up milk . location alert to the rescue ! do not know what time you will be crossing the science department , but need to remember to drop off that assignment whenever you do ? do not know what time you will reach office but must remember to hand in that check to accounting ? need a reminder to pick up the dvd you left at sam 's house whenever you are in the vicinity next time ? . . .
if you are already using locale ( which is not free ) , astrid is a free task/todo list manager which can be configured to open a list of tasks with a specific tag . astrid also integrates with remember the milk . you can configure the list to open by various locale conditions , including location . i use it to remind me of maintenance tasks when i am near the hardware store . additionally , remember the milk is a free app which can trigger by location , but it does require a pro subscription to remember the milk 's website .
certain apps like the gallery let your share content via bluetooth ( or any other number of methods ) . the gallery handles video and images . highlight the item and hit menu to get the share menu .
the bt stack on android phones does not support the file transfer profile . you may be able to add this by rooting your phone and loading a custom bt stack .
bluetooth file transfer provides obex ftp and opp for android . it allows you to send a file via bluetooth to an android device or any other devices that implement these bluetooth profiles .
i upgraded to a 2.3.4 rom . i no longer have the battery drain issue , or the lag issue . the question is whether or not it was the specific rom or the 2.3.3 os , but based on multiple links , here and here , i believe it is a 2.3.3 issue fixed in 2.3.4 .
disable usb debugging mode in Settings -&gt; Development , and try to connect the device . i am assuming you have installed samsung kies , because all device drivers for samsung devices are present only in that software , and not on the device .
i guess this is by design as the majority of users do not have 4 accounts on their phone . the whole idea of those messages is to give the user the opportunity to download a new version as soon as it comes out . you may not want to use your mobile data when you do not want it to . maybe the update automatically tickbox would bypass this message , however it will probably still say that 3 updates have been applied . so what you maybe looking for is silent updates stackexchange-url looks like you can do it with a rooted phone . i too think that google can handle multiple accounts in a more intuitive ways across their products . since its out of our control to improve these closed source apps ourselves i will say its better than it used to be . i think the best solution for google would be to combine these messages into one notification ie "5 apps have been updated " . make some noise on the google support pages to improve this ux , this may be a good start http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/label?lid=551c5c4cca827a18hl=en
xda developer capslock66 has developed a reverse tethering tool which is the simplest yet ( and hopefully in future too ) . only requirement is a rooted phone . you can download it from here- android reverse tethering via usb it comes as a zip file with all the adb files and dependencies . once you open the application , it will do all the settings on your phone automatically for usb data tunneling . and most importantly , the good thing is it now works with any app including google play/market too . google play earlier needed a wifi , but now , it works with a reverse tethered connection too .
well , i am currently using htc sensation . htc sense provides reverse - usb - tethering which is called usb pass through . but i know that this service requires htc sync application and its drivers on computer . maybe you can take a look at flashing htc sense roms to non - htc devices or getting htc sense applications to non - htc devices . there are bunch of documents in xda developers . http://www.xda-developers.com/
an android enthusiast called mathieu carbou seems to have achieved the reverse-usb tethering issue you had like to explore , but on his nexus one , 2.2 . here is a link for the same : reverse-usb-tethering . i will not guarantee any success , though you could try it and let us know the results . : )
your " local and private " android calendar is your google calendar . when you have created that personal event it defaulted to your exchange calendar . in order to avoid this is the future make sure that you create events in the calendar you want to . usually it defaults to the last calendar you have created an event in .
android 4.4 kitkat has introduced immersive full screen mode . there is an app in the play store exploiting this feature : immersive full-screen mode . it does not even need root access .
there are several roms with this feature baked into them cm10.1 being one of them but if you like the rom you currently have then i would go with stefan 's answer
i found the answer here - it is a matter of adding qemu.hw.mainkeys=1  to /system/build.prop ( root required ) .
there are two ways known to me how this could be achieved : using a launcher which supports this there are several launchers available on google play which let you configure the grid size of your homescreen as well as of your app drawer . one of those is apex launcher , which i use myself . another example is go launcher ex , which i run on another device . i am pretty sure a load of other launchers does this as well . edit : holy whatever . if that is not enough , take a look at lighning launcher . grid size ? what grid ? who needs a grid ? icon size , font size , orientation -- feel free to design your own homescreen ! and now , for the size of the package . sitting ? 200 kb ( still looking for the hook ) , working with android 1.6 and up . truly amazing ! ah , and what comes below : multi-whatever is already included . widgets in folders ? no problem , either . . . well , that bunch of features must need permis . . . what ? only usb-storage ? can not believe . . . i just sent it to one of my devices to take a closer look : ) using " multi-widgets " there are some sort of " widget expanders " out there , which pick 4 ( or more ) widgets and combine them into one " compressed widget " . one example for this group is multicon widget . zoom and then there is zoom , from the dev of tasker ( with which it even integrates ) . according to its description , this also should be an option : unique on any computer : design your own homescreen widgets to do whatever you like ! position , size and overlay elements in the drag-and-drop editor . two views : full-zoom for easier editing , actual-size for previewing .
there is a faq from when ubuntu announced it was working on ubuntu based tablets . there , they state : the only way to get an ubuntu tablet is to buy a tablet built and supplied with ubuntu by an oem partner of canonical so i would say that ubuntu is not , and will not , be capable of running on any existing android tablet . full faq can be found at media faq for press pack : tablet .
you might try this rsync -rltDv --chmod=u=rwX,g=rX,o=rX
is your sd card formatted as fat32 ? if so , that is why - it is a fat32 limitation .
i would try putting the " standard download " on your device at /sdcard/update.zip and manually flashing it without using rom manager ( reboot into recovery and select it yourself ) . rm does not always play nice with samsung devices .
just add this to system variables " path": c:\program files ( x86 ) \your_adt_folder\sdk\platform-tools\
instead of looking for a default location simply look for platform-tools\ and android-sdk or just sdk those are the paths you need to add to the variable list
i have solved my own problem . those search paths are all messed up ! i checked the installation path and it is installed in c:\program files ( x86 ) \android even thou i do have a 64-bit version of windows . but nevertheless , this is the default installation location . so i updated the path variable with following line . C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and now i can start adb server from cmd regardless of where the prompt is at . i have no clue why they are referring to appdata\local\ folder in the guide for the 64-bit systems . that makes no sense at all . if anywhere , the installation location should be in " program files " folder for a 64-bit system . they actually put this in for the 32-bit systems . . . like i said , it is all messed up . i should point out that adb.exe has been moved from C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\ to the new location C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ . this has been done in later versions of android sdk . so if you are reading this in year 2013 then you can probably just get the latest sdk and use only this last search path . you do not need them both . at least not for adb and fastboot . if you are a developer then you maybe need to access tools from both directories , although if you are a dev then you probably will not need to read this at all . how to edit a system variable here 's a short how-to for the newbies . what you need is the environment variables dialog . click start ( orb ) menu button . right click on computer icon . click on properties . this will bring up system window in control panel . click on advanced system settings on the left . this will bring up the system properties window with advanced tab selected . click on environment variables button on the bottom of the dialog . this brings up the environment variables dialog . in the system variables section , scroll down till you see path . click on path to select it , then the edit button . this will bring up the edit system variable dialog . while the variable value field is selected , press the end key on your keyboard to go to the right end of the line , or use the arrow keys to move the marker to the end . type in ;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and click ok . click ok again , then ok once more to save and exit out of the dialogs . that is it ! you can now start any android sdk tool , e.g. adb or fastboot , regardless of what your current directory is in cmd . for good measure here 's what the dialog looks like . this is where you edit the path variable .
do you happen to be using a 3rd party charger ? 500mah chargers cannot charge the nexus while on , 1ah chargers can but might struggle . i recommend chargers with 1.5ah for charging high-end devices alternatively , the problem might lie with the power management of your rom . have you also installed an app recently before this happened ?
that sounds to me like a hardware issue . if you are still under warranty , i would get it repaired . if not , you will have to decide whether you want to live with it or pay for repair ( or replace the phone ) .
i think adw launcher has a setting that should keep the application in memory . also , cm has a setting to force the os to keep the launcher in memory . i dont remember where it is at in cm6 , but in cm7 it is in Settings -> CyanogenMod Settings -> Performance and it is called " lock home in memory " . i do not remember if it was in the same place or if it was called the same in cm6 .
try the v6 supercharger . it can make your homescreen launcher " hard to kill " or " bulletproof " . if you have ics/jb , be sure to get the ics/jb version . also , be sure to disable the Lock Home in Memory of your launcher ( if it has it ) before using v6 .
try zip code finder .
if it is your known home address or you have just a few you use , you could get a note widget application . you can then single click the note widget and it will copy to your clipboard to paste into wherever you wish . otherwise as you said you will have to use a 3rd party app to first locate yourself . it is more the webservices fault for not binding with your phone and asking for the location , write them a strongly worded letter :- )
install clipper . from google maps , share your current location and choose clipper from the menu . or , if you have copy to clipboard or andmade share pro installed , you can just Copy to Clipboard ( clipper monitors clipboard ) . or , if you have location in mind , you can enter it in clipper manually . whenever you need to paste an address or zip code , just pull down notification to launch clipper . from clipper , tap desired item to copy it to clipboard . now , do not ask how to paste . cheers !
check out spb wireless monitor . it can give you reports by date range of which apps have used data , how much data they have used , and breaks it down so you can see wifi data vs . data-plan data . there is a new app , my data manager , which costs a fraction . you can check that out as well . it does basically the same thing , though will also show you roaming data . also , this one allows you to enter a monthly start date so you can align its data tracking with your billing cycle .
i am surprised that no one has mentioned onavo ! it works great ! and a quite intuitive interface too !
use system panel from am ? ( the full vs ) , gives a history of apps/used mem , details . ( have not compared the other apps in answers . . ) gluck :- ) ( catch ' m ! )
phoneusage keeps track of how much data you use each day , and gives a nice display of which apps used how much data . here is an example of what mine looked like this month : note : it only starts tracking after installation .
yes , i use this application from the market its called androidbooster from netquin this app tell you of certain apps that may b using you internet once installed go to utilities tab > network manager and there u will see list of appliation that may be uing the internet . it will on tell you if an app may use internet . it does not tell how much data each app may use or have used . good luck
you could try : settings-> sound-> notification ringtone it has a silent option which might be set .
have you tried moving the app itself to the sd card ? maybe it is not the photos , but the internal cache that is taking up all your storage . anyway , according to instagram help : the android app may take up more internal memory than other apps on your device because we cache photos , which makes the instagram experience faster for you and conserves bandwidth ( which means you do not have to re-download photos over your carrier 's network ) . note that as of v1.0.3 , you can install the app on your device 's sd card . on android , you can find out how much space instagram takes up on your device by following these steps : exit instagram open the settings application on your device > applications > manage applications > instagram total storage is listed on the instagram screen . if you choose clear data , your download cache will be cleared . clear cache will reset memory for the app . there is not , otherwise , a way to tell instagram to store your photos directly to your sd card .
i released ankidroid 2.0.3 yesterday , it fixes the tts bug described at https://code.google.com/p/ankidroid/issues/detail?id=1892 does 2.0.3 fix the problem you described in your question ? before 2.0.3 the tts part of ankidroid had not changed in a long time , so it must be that tts changed in android 4.3 . if anybody has some info about what changed in android 4.3 's tts it would be extremely appreciated .
this seems to usually work for me . adb root you will see a message as Restarting adbd as root unplug the device from usb and connect again and type . adb remount troubleshooting : adb shell confirm that you are root if you see # shell prompt .
what device is this ? afaik , some devices have permanent ( kernel-level i think ) write-protection for the /system mount , so even if you are root , you still can not remount it rw . you have to restart the device without this protection , which is done differently depending on the device .
try using the nokia pc suit to move all the contacts from the phone to the sim card . this works in samsung 's kies .
you will need the nokia pc suite tool but here is the easiest and fastest way . connect nokia to pc using the pc-suite go to contacts - press ctrl+a ( select all ) go to desktop/subfolder - press ctrl+v ( paste ) that will create a . vcf file for each contact from a command prompt run the following command in the folderon your desktop where the files are saved : copy *.vcf contacts.txt open http://google.com/contacts choose " import " link in google contacts .
if your old symbian phone have bluetooth you can go to address book application , select all contacts and send them through bluetooth to your new phone . this will send a vcard file for each contact to your new phone and then you can import this data to your android phone . i think the option to send a given contact via bluetooth to another phone is : select the contact and the details > options > send business card
if you save a backup of your contacts onto your symbian phone 's sd card , it appears as an nbf file . this is a zip file , which contains all your contacts in vcf format -- if you concatenate them all together , you can upload them to google contacts in one go . for more details about how i discovered this , i wrote a blog post at the time .
you can remove purchased apps by going to amazon 's website and viewing all of your apps . there is an option under Actions to Delete this app , which will remove it from your account . if you want it again , you will have to repurchase it . this feature has been available for quite a while now ( not sure when they added it ; obviously after you asked the question ) .
afaik , you cannot remove items you have " purchased " from this list . it keeps them on the amazon side , not on the device . i have wiped all data from my device , and once i reinstalled amazon app store , all of my purchased apps appeared in the list .
i would try clearing the data for the amazon appstore via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . you will have to log into it again and whatnot the next time you open it , but hopefully that will do the trick .
as of today i do not think this is possible . you can however find the list of items on the amazon website . log in to amazon , click the " your digital items " at the top right of the page , click " your apps and devices " . from there you can see all of your app purchases . maybe some day they will allow removing from the list .
someone posted a logcat snippet of the occurrence in this bugreport : explanation of the above : sqlite is the used embedded database engine on android . error code 11 describes a malformed database disk file ( #define SQLITE_CORRUPT 11 /* The database disk image is malformed ) . a bad db file was detected , removed and a new empty one created all sms are gone now some further thoughts : sqlite is known to be extremely well tested ( 99.9% of all code are test cases ) therefore it is highly probable it is not sqlite which causes this very probably the file got corrupted by bad flash storage cells , memory corruption or another reason you can do some things . i would suggest the following order : see again if you do have a backup . if so restore it . you could take your phone to a forensics / data rescue expert like kroll ontrack and have it analyzed . there is also growing free support for mobile devices , eg . by sleuthkit for the future : back up your sms data , e.g. move them to gmail some final words : sqlite is very common for embedded devices , ios also relies on sqlite for many things ( including sms storage ) . there will always be a chance of losing data if you do not backup : device is lost/stolen/broken , dying flash storage cells , software bugs , other erratic situations like full storage , etc . it is the same with any device , do not rely on a single point of failure , have a backup in the cloud . this just works with mails , your address book and so on . do the same with sms .
it is a known bug in the android os . there is nothing you can do about it but bump your head . i am moving over to ios because of that . there are many other bugs in android , but this one is a deal breaker for me . here is a link to the official bug report . the issue has been known to google at least since 2009:
if you are using the stock messaging app , the settings might be the cause of the trouble . go to Messaging app -&gt; Settings -&gt; Untick Delete old messages . ( if it was ticked i am sure that was the reason for auto deleting of the sms )
nothing . you can do nothing . one option is go to data recovery service , but price will be uninteresting . also tell please if you install 3rd party software on your phone . why htc wildfire phone deleted all of my sms for 2 times ? i suppose that there can be installed glitchy or malicious programs on phone . also if you have child or children , they may have played with phone and occasionally deleted messages .
you are really asking two questions here , and both are extremely hard to answer . first of all ; why did the messages disappear ? we can not possibly know this because we know nothing about what software you are running , if you changed something ( installed/removed software etc . ) around the time the messages disappeared and so on . maybe it is a " feature " of the stock software ? the second question is ; how can the messages be restored , and that is a very hard question to answer because what you are asking about is data recovery which is not exactly easy work usually ( that is why it will cost you a lot of money to pay someone else to do it ) . you would need to make a copy of your entire storage first of all , and then go in and look at the raw data to perhaps salvage all or some parts of earlier messages . in short , if you care a lot about some messages , you should have them backed up to begin with . you can either do a backup of your phone , or copypaste the messages into a platform in the cloud ( dropbox , google docs , you name it ) . i am sorry to say you will not find a solution to this problem without either paying a lot of money to get someone to recover your data , or start reading up on data recovery yourself and learn how to copy all the data from your phone bit by bit and then looking at the raw data . i wish i could have given you a better answer , sorry about that .
this has happened to me multiple times before . each time the number of messages was around 6000 . i think there may be an upper limit on the number of messages the messaging app can handle , and beyond that it just deletes everything . i might be wrong though . i do not know of any way to recover the messages though .
google navigation uses traffic information in some countries , e.g. usa and uk . if you are in one of those , yep , it will pick an optimal route based on traffic .
open the S Voice app , and open its settings . you should be able to change it via Set wake-up command . here 's the setting from my samsung galaxy s4:
the " set wake-up command " you mentioned ( via s find-> wake ) , is just a help file on the actual commands . if you go to the following , you can change what the note 3 responds to on the lock screen : settings -> device -> lock screen -> wake up in lock screen -> wake-up function x ( note this is just the lock screen when the phone is set to swipe mode , not while it is asleep . neither does this affect s voice , but you can still do some cool things . )
i do not know of any third-party app or site that does this . i did look around a few months ago and found nothing , but something might have come up since then . however , if the reason you are looking for this feature is because of limited app space , appbrain ( both the app and the website ) has a feature to view only apps with app2sd enabled .
one of the three incredibles we own had the same problem . it too was running miui . i found this thread on the miui forums . after changing the build . prop file as indicated in that thread the problem went away . edit to add the following information : http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/447517-stop-update-notification.html changed these lines to this : do not try to parse ro . build . description or . fingerprint ro . build . description=3.26.605.1 cl264707 release-keys ro . build . fingerprint=verizon_wwe/inc/inc/inc:2.3.4/grj22/222219:user/release-keys end build properties it is really just the " build fingerprint " that matters as you can see . if the miui is referencing an older version of android then the carrier will keep trying to download the latest android update . that is where the data download is coming from .
having two monitoring programs point to the same nondescript process is frustrating . just to verify , does miui 's built in traffic monitor ( "monitor " icon on your homescreen ) show the same thing onavo and my data manager ? in the likely event that it does , the most simple ( and time consuming ) answer is to systematically disable every single app until you identify the culprit . you would need to make sure to disable only one at a time then monitor traffic over a set period of time to look for a change . for most roms this means completely uninstalling apps to disable them , but miui 's monitor app also includes firewall settings that allow you to disable data to specific apps on the fly ( including system resources like android system and download manager ) . i suggest working through the entire list even if you find a result earlier on . you might also consider connecting to a wifi router and monitoring your phone 's traffic using the router 's firmware or other network software . if you can identify where all this traffic is going it might give you a clue as to which app is requesting it all .
this might be of some help . because i had a similar problem on my 3g . there must definitely be a feature called as " background data " somewhere in your accounts and sync settings . make sure it is disabled . what this does is gives access to your apps to contact their servers and download data in the background , without your permission . this reduced my 3g usage considerably . second thing you might want to try is , disable automatic update of all your apps in your phone . this is even worse and uses a lot of data . third and the most safest of all , turn your wifi or 3g off when you are not using it .
in android , every package is cryptographically signed by its author . to be an upgrade , the new package has to be signed with the same key as the old package . since packages can read previous versions ' data files , this is an important security precaution . the error you get tells you that the update you are trying to install was not signed using the same key as the package you had flashed to the rom . either the original package you flashed , or the new package , was signed by a different developer . you should either obtain an update from the same source you originally got the gapps package from , or flash a new rom with a gapps package from the same source you are trying to update from . we may be able to help further with this if you edit your question to say where you got these packages from .
the new updates to google+ has features called auto enhance auto awesome . it is a feature that automatically enhances the photos you have uploaded . just make sure instant upload is on and the auto enhance settings are on in the app settings> camera and photos . here are the things that it does . https://support.google.com/plus/answer/3113884?hl=en
currently and sadly , there is no such option to allow the action of auto-answer an incoming skype call . you can keep an eye out on this threads , maybe in a nearby feature such solution will arrive : skype support network : auto answer incoming call on android os xda developers forum thread : [ rq ] skype auto answer xda developers forum thread : [ q ] skype auto answer additionally , 3rd party solutions are not possible to this end , since skype uses a proprietary protocol with no available api as explained on this stackoverflow answer .
unfortunately skype for android does automatically answer calls . if my phone is logged into skype and someone calls , it always automatically picks up after the second ring if i do not do anything . i asked about this in the skype support forum and they said the next version of skype will have a new feature that will allow android users to disable auto-answer .
the wifi on the phone is fryed and i told you this personally . so please change the phone and be happy .
it depends on where game has downloaded data . if its under &lt;sdcard_root&gt;/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; , the data will be cleared . if its under some custom directory like &lt;sdcard_root&gt;/GameName/ , the data will not be cleared .
you can choose do not auto update from the setting of play store when you open play store > my apps ( from navigation drawer ) if there will be any notification to update apps . . when you choose update / update all then it will ask for accept permissions if there is any change in permissions well it is not possible but if you want to stop auto-update apps on android then this might be the perfect answer 1 . open play store 2 . play store setting 3 . tap auto-update apps 4 . choose from options
is this the route you want to take offline in google maps app : how did i take it to google maps app ? well , i opened this question in dolphin browser and tapped the link you provided . it gave me Share via.. pop-up from which i chose Maps . done ! to push links to android device , you do not need to publish it on web . there are plenty of options available viz . airdroid . you can use gmail too . in android device , just open that link in web browser . if Share via.. pop-up does not appear with your web browser , it means that its not tightly integrated with android . i would recommend you to use dolphin browser because i have tested it . to make it offline , just hit Options key and you will find Make available offline option . . . to later use this map , just tap Layers icon on top bar ( on bottom bar in ics ) and choose the route : note : i have put screenshots from a gingerbread device . my ics device is currently not available . if you are running ics or above , it'll be slightly different .
if you enable usb debugging mode , the phone will connect to your computer and charge as usual , but you will not get any auto-mounting for the phone storage . enable usb debugging in android 4.0 click your device home button ; tap " settings" ; scroll your way to " developer options " and tap it ; check " usb debugging " . enable usb debugging in android 2.3 click your device home button ; tap on " settings" ; tap on " applications" ; scroll your way to " development " and tap it ; check " usb debugging " . this method works for me to charge my phone without mounting the storage .
sms is tied in with gsm telephony standard , so the answer to your question is no . but what you can do , is use viber , whatsapp to send something similar to sms ( not the gsm variety ! ) to each party provided they have the appropriate app installed .
private means you can not back it up . the developer decided that . some apps ignore it fileexpert &lt ; - my favourite estrongs file explorer not a file manager , but also titanium backup
i just figured it out . it is a hack , but it worked ! if you go to your phonebook and go to the ' groups ' ( past phone , favorites , contacts , etc . . ) you will see a list of groups including ' frequent ' . click on that , and then the menu on the top right ( three dots ) includes an ' edit smart group ' . you can set the number of contacts to 1 and make it count by inbound rather than outbound ( or vice versa ) . either way , it will remove most of the contacts . hopefully the one that is left is ok .
up to android 4.0 it was very simply possible to use frequently called remover , but google has changed android api . . . now there are methods to clean this list , but not every may work in your case ( maybe no method will work on your phone ) . . . 1 . enter contacts/groups/frequent , then press menu and select " remove from group , ( untested ) 2 . phone/call history/ press menu and delete call history ( untested )
two pieces of ground i want to cover here : /cache is typically a separate partition on your device , which would not be mountable by a pc via usb , which is why that is not working . the usb connection generally accesses a directory named " sdcard " ( or similar ) which is used as an external storage device , although this storage area does not have to be physically external to the device ( it may just be a partition named /sdcard rather than a physical card ) . if the ota is in /cache then you should be able to find it with a file explorer or shell on your device . once you have found it , you could simply move the file from /cache to your external storage and then copy it over usb . you will need root in order to access /cache , though . there are a number of file explorers that support root access , but i personally use es file explorer .
i had a similar issue when updating from 902 to 905 . i followed the two pages of instructions in the below-linked article to get me to 905: http://androidadvices.com/update-motorola-droid-bionic-latest-59905-firmware/ good luck !
alternatively , you can flash an fxz rom image for your current version or later . the benefit of that is that it does not matter what state your phone is in or if its missing bloatware that the ota update requires . things you need : fxz image for the desired version ( google search for it ) rsdlite ( google search rsdlite 5.7 download ) motorola device drivers ( found on motorola 's site ) usb cable
i had a similar problem on cyanogenmod and it turned out to be broken permissions . i tried the following which worked in the shell only for whatever reason . you need to be rooted and have adb installed . the following commands mount the system partition for reading and writing , copy stock bootanimation zip ( change location , or skip ) , copy custom bootanimation zip to data/local , and ( re ) applies correct permissions to media folder and zip files , and finally reboot ( if you want ) . if you want to restore to stock , simply delete the data/local version . if you want a new one , replace it while keeping the system/media version intact . you can also create your own bootanimation using this guide from xda .
as suggested by aditya somani try charging by switching off . try changing the charger or the usb cable of the charger . charging via pc takes time and drains faster
i think what matters most is the amperage of your charger . if you are plugging your phone into a computer then it is limited to 500ma . a charger for the s3 will typically provide 1a to 2a i believe . one more thing which may be going wrong is battery hogging applications . if you switch your phone off and then charge , by how much does your charging time lessen down ?
what aditya somani say is correct . the amount of amperage your charger has will determine the charge speed . however , turning off things like wifi , lte and probably even the whole phone will make the charge go faster . for the wire-in-phone first thing , i believe that is a myth . i have heard it for computers and mobiles alike , but never found a reason to exactly why . my education in electronics might be vague , but no matter what you say , the charger will not charge before it is connected to power , and thus it should not matter if you connect charger to wall or prone first .
you could make/modify a phone case so that the power button is covered . this would avoid having to void the warranty .
you cannot ( barring any hardware tweaks . ) if you root your phone and install a custom rom , you may be able to remove the " turn off " and " reboot " options from the power menu . however , nexus 5 ( as do most modern phones ) has a hard-wired feature , where holding the power button for 10 seconds shuts the phone off . this is done so that you can restart the phone if it freezes up . since nexus 5 does not have a removable battery , this hard reset would be the only way to shut it off without having to wait for the battery to drain . if you are technically inclined , you can always make hardware modifications to the phone which would prevent the power button from functioning normally . however , such mods are not for the novices , and will certainly void your warranty .
it appears to be defined in /init . rc , at least on my device : export path /sbin:/system/sbin:/system/bin:/system/xbin i do not think you can edit this file directly though , even with root access , because it is part of the read-only boot image , not the /system partition . if you want to edit it then i guess you would have to unpack , edit and re-pack the boot image as described here : http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i have not tried this though .
i do not think this is a driver issue . please try the following- unplug the usb cable from your phone . on the phone , dial the following number : *#7284# once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application should be launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda ! ! ! now plug the usb cable back in your phone/pc and check if it works . ( i had the same problem on my samsung galaxy 3 , and i resolved it like this )
i had this same problem : uninstall kies and usb drivers restart pc install kies restart pc finally , connect phone to pc ( usb debugging off ) then let windows automatically install drivers for the phone
a software modem ( modulator-demodulator ) . we nowadays think of modem as the squeaky card that were used in the days of dial up to connect to the internet , but a modem is simply just a device used to convert digital signal to analog sound signal and back again . the hardware in the receiving end also had to implement a modem with the same protocol . needless to say this will probably be a very slow connection , and implementing such modem will involve a lot of programming and so is out of topic for android se . the audio jack carried very little power , it may be possible to use it to power very simple devices like square and the like , but in general it is too small for general purpose use . however i doubt that square actually had a full modem stack for general purpose data transfer , they probably just implemented a custom protocol that are specifically geared for their particular use case . and so is the shuffle .
only the main user ( owner ) has access to Developer Options . related question : stackexchange-url
do a general reset all will be well . if you still have trouble , do a factory reset by holding the volume down and power buttons as you turn phone on .
from the picture it would appear you are correct . note #2 , however . the baseband is the modem firmware .
i have only used cyanogenmod for a few days before reverting back to samdroidmod since cm on spica is too unstable for daily use . but i think i remembered seeing some settings that seems related to power widget on " settings > cyanogenmod settings " .
not that i have found . looks like you only get that one opportunity .
the method " debugfs automated root " works for the latest official rom of the thinkpad tablet . like most other root methods , you need to have the android sdk ( or at least adb ) installed and must be able to connect adb to your lenovo thinkpad ( enable debug mode ) . linux users download the exploit from the xda post . unzip DebugfsRoot_Generic_v2.3.zip adb push debugfs /data/local/ adb push su /data/local/ adb push debugfsinput /data/local/ adb shell mv /data/local/tmp /data/local/tmp.bak adb shell ln -s /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 /data/local/tmp adb reboot adb shell chmod 777 /data/local/debugfs now run the exploit : adb shell "/data/local/debugfs -w /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 &lt; /data/local/debugfsinput" cleanup : adb shell rm /data/local/tmp &amp;&amp; adb shell mv /data/local/tmp.bak /data/local/tmp install superuser : adb install Superuser.apk windows just run the provided RootDebugfs.bat
there is a dedicated android app available now for delicious from avos .
install deliciousdroid , it will add an entry in the share menu of your browser where you can bookmark the current page and define tags for it and so on . edit : i tried some different tools ( do not remember wich , sorry ) some time ago and this one was the best in my opinion . also i defined a tag called mobile-home and pointed my browser 's homepage to the list of so-tagged bookmarks .
you can also try droidicious . it works fine for me .
if you will not found any clue , handset sms do that , see android store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handcent.nextsmshl=en
there is not a contact picker per se . after you type in one contact , type a comma and start typing the name of another . separate multiple contacts by commas .
so , to avoid a hanging question : using the new rom for almost two months . tried the original stock baseband i5500bvjjp7 but it felt overall worse , so i went back to i5500luyjpe . now any issue is rare . . . it is weeks since i last noticed a random restart , my phone reports over 160h uptime ( not 100% reliable , i have seen it not restart after a crash ) , and wifi is most of the time fast to get in ip . in the end , as things improved with a new rom , i suppose the issues are due to small quirks of the rom itself . should improve over time .
according to usb host diagnostics , no . related post : how can i determine if my device has usb host mode ( otg ) support ? what is the difference between usb on-the-go ( otg ) and usb host mode ?
you do not use adb to connect to a device when it is in the bootloader menu : you need to use the fastboot command instead . that is why it is called " fastboot mode " ! not all phones support fastboot: in particular , older htc phones use a proprietary protocol called hboot instead , but i think the newer ones support fastboot .
i figured that out after an hour of searching with different keywords . i would been out of the rooting game for a while , got confused between the two . fastboot in bootloader mode did work . adb does not work in bootloader . thanks for the answer dan , much appreciated .
install kies and connect your phone with usb cable . then go to backup/restore and you can easily backup your important data from there .
not possible if screen is locked . . .
contacted the customer support and they told to hard reboot the mobile . it worked for me . please backup all your apps , contacts etc using kies before doing a hard reboot as it will restore the mobile to it is factory settings . it is a pain but had to do it to get my phone back working .
seems like your contacts have been washed away from your phone after installing an update . this case normally occurs when contacts have gone away . restoring contacts or creating new ones will be your solution and your phone numbers will convert to names back again .
while trying to explain where to find that "4th tab " , i just see where your problem is : you use the %wifi variable to check for a ) on/off and b ) the connection mode . either it is on/off , or it holds connection info . the first is %wifi , the other %wifii : wifi info %wifii when connected to an access point ( ap ) , shows human-readable data about the ap . when not connected , show details of the most recent wifi scan results for nearby aps . wifi status ( dynamic ) %wifi whether wifi is on or off . note : if wifi is enabling or disabled , in fact anything but enabled , it is classed as off . source : tasker userguide now back to the original explanation about that "4th tab": you see some tabs in both pictures . in the first , " profiles " is selected , in the second " tasks " . in both pictures you see another tab " scenes " . right to that is one more , " variables": but regardless of that : for debugging , you can always to add another item to your task , " notify " , and have it either popup the %wifi ( or whatever variables ) content or add it to your notification bar . this is good for debugging .
you can go to the play store and click My Apps and then All
that is just the android " operating " system , like windows / linux system . if you go to Settings &gt; Battery , you will see that " android system " , if not the " screen " , eats up most of your battery .
currently my phone does not connect to wifi connection , it always on and off everytime i open my wifi connection . solution for the i5801: go to settings → wireless and network → wifi use the menu button to open the advanced option click on use static ip you will see ip address , gateway , netmask , dns1 , dns2 . fill all these things and to see their value : left click on signal strength ( left or right to battery or sound sign ) right click on your network to which you connected you should see status ; click on this now a page is open ( wireless network connection status ) ; here click on details now you should see ipv4 ( ip address ) , ipv4 default gateway ( gateway ) , ipv4 subnet mask ( for netmask ) , ipv4 dns servers ( dns1 , dns2 ) save all these setting by clicking on menu then save . if this does not work check this also : open 192.168.1.1 open wireless → security check ( network authentication wpa personal auto ) after that your password then next [ wpa group rekey interval 3600 ( in my case this is the problem in my modem here is 4 so i remove it and type 3600 ) ] after this ( wpa/wapi encryption tkip+aes ) then save this setting .
switch to cm10 if you can - you can then adjust notifications on a per-app basis . note though , that for your problem , the only way to prevent " xxx app has been updated " notifications might be to disable the play store from showing notifications , which imho is not a good idea .
i just had this problem less than an hour ago on my acer iconia a500 . i have had it happen with multiple sd cards on different devices . this is how i overcome this problem everytime . the only way that this wont work is if the card is fried to the problem of your " damaged sd card " , what is most likely going is corruption of the file system . something on the phone made an invalid entry . plug your sd card in the reader run mini tool partition wizard ( mtpw ) select partition wizard , other is data recovery pick the sd card in the list right click for drop down menu scroll down and click on check file system let it finish , then exit mtpw unplug and re-plug sd card into reader when " do you want to scan and fix " pops up , check both when finished , unplug from reader mount in your phone and enjoy . i know it is a late answer , but knowledge is power .
press the menu key on the remote , and then select " edit home screen icons " or something to that extent ( wording could be different , i am going by my sony google tv unit . ) now highlight ( using the arrow keys ) and click on the empty box on the home bar vacated by the app you have just removed , and a pop-up should appear with all installed apps and bookmarks listed . selecting any of them will place it on the home bar .
have you considered just removing the sd card from the phone and keeping it in a safe spot until you need to access your important files ? afaik there is not a way to encrypt/protect a single file on an sd card . that leaves you looking at fully encrypting the card which android does not support out of the box . instead of that hassle , why not simply remove it ? you do not need an sd card to use basic phone functions ( calls , sms ) and many apps can either do without sd storage or be moved to internal storage . your device requires you to power down and pull the battery to access the micro sd card slot ; insertion or removal of the card and then powering the phone back on , though , should not take you much longer than a minute . keep it simple , i say .
simply , use boxcryptor . . it'll encrypt your files and folders with aes-256 standard ( aes-256 is classified by the u.s. government to protect “top secret” information ) . the best thing : you can use it on any platform : android , ios , windows , mac , linux . so , you can sync your encrypted files with dropbox , too . its free android app : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.boxcryptor.android ( free version has limitation of read-only access ) . you do not even need a rooted device whats not the case of fully free luks manager . if your device is rooted and you also need write access without spending money , go for luks manager , but you will miss cross-platform access . so , my recommendation is paid boxcryptor if you need write access . with encryption , your files and folders will be safe even if your friends are hacker . with even fastest super computers , breaking aes-256 standard needs decades or even hundreds/thousands years ( based on password strength and encryption passphrase ) .
if your phone is rooted ( which it may not ) , you might be able to unmount the card , altough i dont know if the system tries to remout it on itself after some period .
you cant lock , in your definition , the sdcard or one file . but you have some ways to protect your file . store it in a password protected zip file . encrypt your sdcard use a applocker to lock the apps they are needed to view / edit the file . use boxcryptor . the only safe way is , to encrypt it . if you lock your sdcard with a software , the thief can easily connect it to a pc and steal the file or even steal the whole sdcard .
encryption is most probably the most appropriate solution for your case . something along the lines of luksmanager could be the right tool . though you would need a rooted phone in any case and perhaps a modified kernel , too .
i think they changed the name of the stock clock app during one of the android os upgrades . in 2.1 i think it was called " desk clock " . in 2.2 it is just called " clock " .
see the faq , particularly the billing section . you will not get charged for turning on data roaming and connecting to an orange network , but you need to remember to turn it back off before roaming on any other networks to avoid charges . also , the faq mentions that it is only for calls and text messages right now , but it is not clear why they would also mention the data roaming setting if that is the case , so ymmv . regardless , you will likely be limited to 2g since 3g is typically on a carrier specific frequency . and of course , all of this may change if at and t completes their acquisition .
in the galaxy s your phone storage is the same as any other phone 's storage , but there is separate " internal sd " mounted at /sdcard/ that is treated by apps as if it were the external sd card . the actual external card is mounted at /sdcard/external_sd/ . ( actually , i am not sure if /sdcard/ is an alias , since you can also see it at /mnt/sdcard/ . there is no entry for the external sd in /mnt/ , but you can of course access it via /mnt/sdcard/external_sd/ as well . )
though @matthew answer is correct that a phone will default to wi-fi when it is available , that does not always ease the mind . something you can do to allay your concern is switch the phone into airplane mode . this will disable the cell signal and hence all data travelling through your carrier . however , it does not disable wi-fi . here 's a link on how to do it on the droid bionic : from the main screen , press your power button ( located on top ) select airplane mode to disable mobile network signal of course , you will not be able to receive any calls , and this might not be what you want , but it will certainly allay your concerns of using data .
go to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and uncheck the box that says " data enabled " to disable 3g , 4g etc .
yes . all you have to do is : 1 ) enable airplane mode 2 ) now enable wifi good luck !
your phone will default to wifi when it is available . if you are paranoid you can disable data while using wifi but it is not necessary . i am not sure how to do it on the bionic but you could see if it is in the menu that pops up when you hold the power button for a couple seconds or something like unchecking use packet data in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks .
you could also use a mobile data monitor/manager like onavo count | monitor data . you can block certain applications from using mobile . alternatively , avast ! mobile security has a firewall module that allows for application specific data control .
i can not really find any good resources , but after reading a lot of postings on various sites the general conclusion seems to be is that unlocking the phone directly is not possible , at least via " normal " methods . sk telecom has altered the rom such that you are not able to enter an unlock code no matter what you do ; the functionality is simply disabled . you can follow this xda thread ( or this one if that does not work ) to root your device . once rooted , you can install a custom rom such as this popular one , just follow the instructions in that post . the new rom should have an enabled unlock feature . after that you need an unlock code . sites that sell unlock codes are unfortunately very sketchy ; i personally would not try one unless you can get a solid recommendation from someone you trust or know for sure has done it . you could attempt to contact sk telecom and ask them for the unlock code , but they seem to be uncooperative from what i have read . do not let them tell you that motorola has the unlock code , since this is false .
you can use samsung kies for this . you can sync contacts , calendar , and tasks between your microsoft® outlook and your device and vice versa . related question : is there any way to sync my outlook calendar to my samsung galaxy s without kies ?
to put android into " listening mode " , do your long press , then click on the google logo at the bottom of the screen . that is google now , your siri counterpart . for samsung devices with s-voice , double-pressing quickly on the home button will trigger s-voice .
sometimes cables do not conform to standards and mess up the auto-negotiation of power level for the devices attached to them . ( devices can tell the computer / charger how much electricity they require ) . phone can handle the max level of electricity , so soldering the 2nd and 3rd pins together on the cable will demand more power from the computer .
do you use any app killer ? i used to use this kind of software , and sometimes i accidentally killed some system service and then it only charged again after a reboot . i stopped using app killers after that .
i have a charger with a bad cable . it sometimes charges and sometimes it will not . wiggling the cable point seems to help ( do not do that though for risk of damaging your phone . check if its your cable or your phone by charging your phone with a data cable . if that charges your device your original charges is faulty . if this doesnt work either your phone connector is bad and you can either wiggle till it works or get a new phone .
may be possible that when plugging in your charger/usb cables it is not making a connection , i had a problem on an old phone ( nokia n95 ) with this and had to send it off for a new one . also possible that it may be the charger , have you got another you could try ?
try contacts via sms . it is a simple option to solve this problem in version 4.4.2
kitkat has only 3 defaults for this : bluetooth email gmail other options can be added with 3rd party software , e.g. es file exploere adds " share over lan " . as per the google products page this is a know issue . i too am annoyed that this issue is happening with the nexus 5 . i can only hope that they will have an update that will resolve this issue . i work in the transportation industry in which i often have to send forward a contact phone number to another driver and at this point is very cumbersome not to be able to quickly share a recent calls number with another driver . i have been checking the play store to see if there is an app dialer that will resolve this issue for me . from this android central thread it confirms that this feature is missing and the solution is to copy and paste , or install 3rd party app . without installing a 3rd party application , there is nothing you can do for now .
without root it is up to the developer of the particular application , and chances are there are not enough note 3s out there to justify it . there is an s-pen sdk from samsung there are lists ( but these will often be out of date in no time ) like this best s-pen apps out there . with root access there is a way to open any app in pen window mode first , make sure you are rooted with busybox installed . second , make a backup . third , just download penwindowmanager_v1 . apk and install as normal . finally , just tick the apps you want and do not forget to press the save button . a soft reboot maybe required for the changes to take effect .
here 's here 's [ tnx @gathrawn ] a free app that claims to be able to do that .
solution found ! open gallery select my library open up the album that has the photos you want . press the menu key ( the one that is left of the home key ) push the ' select multiples ' then select the photos you want to upload ( the pics selected will have a green box with a white checkmark displayed on it ) . press the menu key again , choose quick upload to upload to facebook or choose share to upload to facebook , email , picasso , print to retail , text messaging , etc . voila , your multiple pics are sent !
while i understand google might not like this , and probably it is not 100% politically correct answer , here is the link where you can download apk of google music . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1072655 if you enable installation from unknown sources , you can install the thing on your phone , without restrictions . i tried and it worked . i was able to access my music uploaded to google and even play it . that means the restrictions are only settings in android market , everything else seems to be free of restrictions .
i see exactly the same thing with a uk galaxy s running gingerbread 2.3.3 . from the 3rd paragraph of the description of the app in the android market : available in the u.s. by invitation only and free for a limited time . according to your profile you are not in the us , so it will not be listed as compatible with your device .
it might be possible in some cases ( i know sony has released blobs before for rom devs to use ) , but generally oem 's have agreements with carriers and release only carrier-laden ones . i know you said " without rooting " , but you could technically flash a custom recovery and from there flash a " de-bloated " stock rom from another developer . i know it is probably not really what you mean , but it does technically avoid rooting :p . that is probably going to be your best bet . another , more ad-hoc option would be to freeze carrier apps ( via titanium backup or something similar ) , and/or use alternative launchers like nova or apex to hide them from your app drawer . i do not think you need to be rooted to freeze an app , but i could be wrong . i feel your pain though , had an htc evo 4g back in the day . never have i ever cared less about sprint 's sponsorship of nascar .
if you do not want use 3rd party apps : this requires decent computer skills and a rooted phone , but here are the steps for android 2.3 gingerbread . copy /system/home . apk from your phone to pc . decompile home . apk using apktool . goto [ decompiled folder ] /res/values/integer . xml change &lt;integer name="number_of_desktop_panes"&gt;5&lt;/integer&gt; , to 7 or whatever you want . save it , and compile the apk using apktool . copy it back to phone i.e. to /system , change its permissions to -rw-r-r .
home screen has seven panels that you can customize . you can not change the number of home screen panels . the quoted part simply means that there are seven panels that can be customized to your liking e . g : add shortcuts , widgets . if you want to decrease that simply switch to a 3rd party launcher like go launcher ex .
when you are on home screen , press the menu button , then edit submenu and you will have all the panels displayed . a long press on one of it will select a panel , then you will be able to move it into the trash . you will be able to reduce the number of panels but no way to have more than 7 panels on a sgs2 .
if it'll help , an app like titanium backup ( sounds like you are probably already rooted ) handles pretty much everything for you .
you might have to kill/restart the launcher in order to see new apps in the app drawer .
you want titanium backup . just backup the user apps and not the system . titanium backup in market
canvas 4 doesnot have dlna or wifi direct . micromax is working on kitkat update for canvas it it is expected to be release between april-june 2014 . as a workaround for wifi direct you can use fast file transfer source : my friend have this phone
the official android version will be updated when the manufacturer decides . if you are rooted you can try cm11 here , but be careful . if you want to use wifi direct try this app
file systems are organized in " blocks " of data , where each block has the same size . internal storage ( as well as some others which use nand-flash ) on android uses a block size of 128kb . especially video files are a bit larger , so they do not fit in a single " block " on the file system . in order to store them , they are split and spread about multiple blocks . this usually is no problem , as there is some " index " holding all the information of where those blocks are and what file they belong to . however : on a crash , some of that information might be lost -- while other parts have been preserved . so your recovery process was 100% able to restore those files where complete information was available . i do not know what you used , but many of those recovery tools additionally scan all " unused blocks " ( where the " index " says there is nothing stored currently ) for data fragments , and this way discovers some additional files . but sometimes it is not possible to get all their pieces together , or do so in the correct order . because of this , some of your videos might play for a few seconds ( blocks ) , until the " lost information " part is reached . i hope my explanation was understandable ; i went for easy understanding instead of precise technologic terms . as to your question on how to restore the missing parts : i am afraid they are lost . but if you update your question and add information on what you used to restore your files , plus how you did it , we can look into it . one word straight ahead : i hope you did not write anything on that sd card since -- or chances for restauration are really low . first thing to make sure on data loss : avoid writing to that medium until you have all your data restored ( or all hope to restore them is lost ) ! ! first steps on data loss stop writing to the device you lost data from ( in your case , the sd card ) . lost data might still be left more-or-less intact somewhere on the medium , but the corresponding blocks are marked " unused " -- so each new write lowers your chances on a successful recovery make sure all subsequent access to the device is read-only . while you might not have access to a write blocker , some sd-cards offer a corresponding switch ( use it ! ) , or some card readers might provide something like that . with a linux/unix system you are well off also , as it is quite easy to explitly mount devices read-only . best idea is to make a block-level copy of the medium . on linux/unix , this can be done using the dd command . this copy can be done to an equivalent medium ( which in your case would be another 16gb sd card , best of the same brand ) , but also to a file -- which then can be mounted ( again , best read-only ) as a loopback device . all susequent steps should use the so-created disk image : this ensures , even if some action fails and destroys something here , your original medium remains untouched , providing an additional safety layer . having created a disk image , optionally make a copy of that again ( easy if it is a file -- otherwise just repeat the first procedure with the image as source ) . this provides another level of safety , as , having broken something on the 2nd image , you need not touch the original , but can start again from the first copy . having created and mounted the image , as described in the previous steps , you now can try with all available recovery tools to get as much data restored as possible . if one tool does not restore enough , try the next , and so on . if the image breaks , see previous step . having all data ( or as much as was possible ) restored , there is not much more you can do . you might decide to keep one of the images and/or the original . if not all data was restored successfully , you might even decide to send the original plus the image to some forensics specialist or data recovery service . on the seventh day he rested from his work ; ) useful tools there are a lot of tools available to help you recover your data . i cannot mention them all here -- but at least a few should be named . some are addressing the end user , coming with a nice gui -- others are rather intended for the forensics specialist , coming with a lot of command-line switches , and again others might provide both . wondershare data recovery was already mentioned being used by the op . i cannot say much about it , as i never used it : it is available for windows and macos ( and i run linux ) . testdisk would be my tool of choice . it is available for dos , windows , macos , linux , and more -- and i have successfully used it a couple of times . photorec comes from the same developers as testdisk , and is available for a broad range of operating systems both tools are mentioned on livehacker 's article five best free data recovery tools -- and as it says " five " , there are obviously 3 more available . i do not want to list up things i do not know -- but from here , everybody should find his/her way . hopefully . so good luck -- or better : good results !
doubletwist with airsync will do this , as long as they are connected to the same wifi network and looking at the same location . for bulk file transfers , most file explorers ( like es file explorer ) allow you to browse devices from other devices on the same network .
go to settings > Apps > click on the app that is being used as your default messaging medium ( google voice in your case ) > press Clear defaults .
adb push will copy any file to the phone , whereas adb install will only accept an apk file , and will install it onto the device .
more specifically adb push [file] [path]  will take [ file ] from the pc and copy it to [ path ] on the android device . adb install [apkfile]  will copy [ apkfile ] from the pc into /data/app/ on the android device . the main difference being that push will let you specify where you want the file to go on the device , and install puts it in a known location ( the location " installed " apps exist in ) .
i think you have misunderstood the sync settings . they are not intended as a way to stop apps performing background operations . the sync settings for each app come from within that app , like any other app settings , so the exact behaviour is up to that app . because the sync settings are part of the accounts mechanism , they are usually used to control data attached to that account ( e . g . if you have the evernote app installed and an evernote account signed in , the sync setting within that account just controls syncing the data owned by that account ; it does not control any other kind of background processes ) . os and app updates are not covered by any of the sync settings , so you would not expect those settings to change their behaviour .
the setting should still exist , it is just a little bit more awkward to get to . the easiest way is to hit the microphone icon on the search widget ( though i think anywhere it appears will work ) to bring up the voice action dialog . there is a wrench in the top right of that dialog that opens the settings : tap that to open the settings page , which should have the checkbox titled " personalized recognition " as in previous versions ( tested on a galaxy nexus running cyanogenmod 9 , android 4.0.4 ) .
as eldarerathis already pointed out in his comment on your question : if the app is already installed , and the certificate matches , you will be prompted whether you want to replace it . if the certificates differ , there is a conflict : the app cannot be updated due to the mismatch , and it cannot be installed along as the package name is already in use ( apps use an internal package name , which e.g. is shown in the url on its google play store webpage ) . if the package is corrupted , you again get another specific error ( telling you it is corrupted ) . so most probably , the .apk you try to install manually has been tampered with . if it was not you doing so , i would refrain from using it . if it was you , and you know what you are doing -- or you know the source to be trustworthy ( e . g . the developer of the app provided you with an unsigned testing version ) , you have to first uninstall the original app before installing the " tainted " .apk .
i do not think google books has a voice interface , which is a shame . i do not know of any book app which does , i am afraid . moon+ reader is a great ebook app which has auto page turning , based on time , but they are very active and are always adding features - it may be worth emailing them and asking if they will implement it ?
the supersu bundled with cyanogenmod 7 was somehow inaccessible to user root access requests , like with sshdroid , terminal emulator and midnight commander , as i have mentioned . forums confirm superuser permissions being denied to everything , and inability to get to its configuration . this was a later cyanogenmod design decision . what finally worked for me was copying the latest cwm-supersu-v1.93 . zip over to my sd card , rebooting into the " recover " mode cyanogenmod provides , and flashing from that zip . http://www.adbtoolkit.com/rooting/su/zip/#.uxmwtnxdveq now , i can finally do things like clean out large files from /data/dalvik-cache/* . dex when internal space is badly needed temporarily , or other unixy things .
all memory caches are safe to be cleared , as they need to be designed as such since android will clear them when memory get 's tight . caches stored to disc will include things saved . however , most applications either save to file or utilise an sqlite database . these can be backed up with a file manager e.g. es explorer and an sqlite manager e.g. the one with the white db logo on a red background . clearing the cache will not corrupt the program itself . you will only lose saved data , such as the examples you mentioned ; saved levels , hall of fame entries , badges , etc . ps . @psycogeek : psycho is spelled with an h ; - )
any cache can be cleared . clearing the cache will not remove app settings . read more from this closed question in stackoverflow ( should be migrated here ) : what is the difference between clear cache and clear data in android settings
i use the internet download manager . you open the pdf in new tab and then copy your url and then click add url at internet download manager , paste to your url .
attachment2sd will do the trick . after you install it when you click on the pdf attachment in the gmail app it'll pop-up the " complete action using . . . " dialog . choose attachment2sd and it'll download to a directory on your sd card , where you can immediately open it or save it for later . this works with all kinds of files , not just pdf .
do not use the gmail app , instead use your browser , go to gmail.com, mobile or desktop view does not matter , open the mail you want to download the pdf from click on the pdf icon and it will be downloaded automatically . about doing so with the gmail app specifically , i have no idea , and that was how i dodge the pdf problem .
you do not need busybox . custom or stock rom has this issue . backup up memory card and repartition from cwm recovery mode .
do you have busybox installed ? open up terminal emulator and type busybox if a load of stuff comes up on the screen , then you have busybox installed . next , type mount into terminal emulator , if a load of crap comes up then you do have mount installed . otherwise , download the BusyBox Installer app on market , and download an older version of busybox . the same if you already have it installed , as the newer versions have loads of errors . if that does not work , then i suggest emaailing the developer with a bug report .
if you allow non-appstore apps to be installed in your device , you can install dropbox from their website . to do that , click the gear icon in the top-right corner of the kindle fire home screen to activate the settings window click more scroll down to device scroll down to ‘allow installation of applications from unknown sources’ and move the slider from ‘off’ to ‘on’ and confirm the selection then head to dropbox 's site and download the apk from their site ( nb : since this is not attached to a market , you will not be notified of updates ) : http://www.dropbox.com/android once that is installed , you should be able to use any pdf app that is installed on the fire . {begin biased statement} i am partial to my company 's own qpdf notes and we have some nifty ui enhancements coming along shortly but {end biased statement} there are a number of other apps that will read pdfs on the fire and , assuming they have set up their intents ( that handy little window that pops up in one app when you want to send or open or share something in another app ) properly , you should be able to click on a pdf from within dropbox and open in the app of your choice and click send from the app of your choice and save it to dropbox .
crossbreeder is a great addition to any android device . it does a lot of things , among them : dns caching and paralleling , ad and spyware blocking , modulation of os entropy levels . it helped a lot when i had an htc one v [ 1.5ghz cpu ( oc'd ) , 512 mb ram , android 4.2.2 ] . so much so that i also flashed it onto my nexus 5 . greenify helps by allowing you to manage background processes and program it accordingly for best results . lastly , titanium backup has the only " move to sd card " feature that i can vouch for . give it a try and see if it can move the apps you need off your sd card . you should also note that this might the associated app 's widgets unavailable ( see issue 11283 ; opened in 2010 and marked as " workingasintended" ) .
this is due to a lack of font support on the device . on my nexus 7 i see this :
after months trying , i solved flashing the defyplus_u3_4.5.1-134_dfp-2311_blur_sign_usadefyemarab1b8tfde004.0r_pds03c_usajrdngibro2de_p020_a025_m002_service1ff . sbf
there are several programs that will allow you to save your texts ( among other things ) on a computer , like myphoneexplorer . it depends if you want to be able to access them everywhere , or if having them on one computer is enough for you ( you can still do copies/backups of the texts ) .
try this : go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All scroll down to market , tap on it , and then tap on Clear cache button . go back to the listing of apps , scroll up to find the " google services framework " app , tap on it and tap on the Clear data button . reboot your phone . launch the market app , and accept the license . your installed apps should now be properly linked to your account in the market . if not , simply download or update any app , and everything should be back to normal .
do you have multiple gmail or google apps on your domain logins ? i found it confusing , because whatever email account i happened to be reading became the current account in the market . so some of my apps ended up being assigned to these other accounts until i figured out that i was not logged in as expected . i did not realize it because they were free apps so there was not the issue of requiring a registered credit card for these other logins .
files in /sys/ are part of sysfs which is a special virtual filesystem to dialog with the linux kernel . you can for example have a fast introduction here . therefore you cannot treat sysfs files as normal files as it may lead to strange behaviour depending on how the program treats them ( same for device files , usually in /dev , or files in procfs in /proc ) . usually to tweak that files you just write in them with an echo , such as echo 255 &gt; /sys/class/leds/mmc1::/max_brightness 
go to your phone 's settings . go to Sound . tick off the Vibrate ( vibration feedback for calls and notifications ) option .
that is not an airpush ad . also , these kind of ads are forbidden by the google playstore tos . always pointing to the same app suggests another app from the same developer placing it , not an ad module . i would first check which apps are running when this happens ( settings→apps , select the corresponding tab ) . see if there are " non-essential " apps listed which you can live without . note them down . second , check permissions of the apps installed . there are some permission checker apps available which make things easier for you . fot this specific case , permission explorer seems to be a good candidate : permission explorer : list of permissions , apps using a certain permission ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as the screenshots show , this app allows you to browse your installed apps by permission . your screenshot looks like a system alert window , so the offending app most likely has the system_alert_window permission . check for apps having this permission . note them down . in a third step , compare your notes : apps that were running when the message appeared , apps using the SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW permission . if you find a match , you most likely found your offender . uninstall it , and see whether your issue is gone then . if this has solved your issue , do not forget the following to help others : check if that app is still on google play , and if the version there matches the version you have installed . if so , first report that app to google , as it violates the tos , and put a comment warning others . google should react by removing the app from the store .
alarm master has a widget that shows the next alarm , but i think you need to set alarms from within that app , not the default alarm / clock app . there is also upcomings , which has a similar widget for showing the next event .
for the next calendar event the desire ( and all htc i think ) do not need a 3rd party app . the htc calendar widget which comes with the phone has 3 different view modes , the third does exactly that . unfortunately it works only with calendar events and not alarms . . .
i use a widget called " digital clock widget " , free from the market . it is a simple clock/date widget , which can be configured to also show the day and time of the next alarm .
what timezone are you in ? it sounds like when you back them up , it is saving them in a different timezone ( maybe utc ) . to answer your other questions : yes , sqlite is used for the messages /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db same way as sms messages : /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db you can use adb from the android sdk and copy it to your pc by doing : c:/android-sdk/tools/&gt; adb pull /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db c:/users/my-account/desktop/mmssms.db yes , you will have to root your phone to get access to that directory . maybe check out sms backup + in the android market . it will backup your sms messages ( does not do mms yet ) to your gmail account and put them in an sms label . it will also restore them too .
if you move an app to/from the sdcard , and you have icons on the home screen , you need to remove and re-add the icon to the home screen . when i have done this , i thought the icons removed themselves from the home screen automatically . when you move it to/from the sdcard , it is a lot like uninstalling the application ( without removing the user data ) and re-installing it again in the new location .
i have seen this one worked ! you have to restart the launcher of the android . i had this problem where all my apps stored on my sd card that had shortcuts stored within folders had the generic android logo . this happened everytime i restarted my phone or unmounted then mounted my sd card . right the fix . . . . . . . . . go into settings/applications/manage applications/all and navigate to your launcher . i am using a htc desire hd so . my launcher is htc sense . some peeps may have installed a third party launcher . anyways click force stop . then press the home button . your launcher should now restart . your icon logos should now be back to normal and will be normal everytime you restart your phone . http://www.droidforums.net/forum/thunderbolt-tech-support/147067-icons-pics-won-t-appear-after-restart.html
the problem is sometimes fixed when i insert sim card . normaly i do not have sim card in my phone and then it goes back to corrupted when i remove it .
i recommend using ota rootkeeper . from the app description : this application makes a backup or a protected backup of your device 's root . this device must already be rooted : ota rootkeeper does not have the ability to root devices . it allows you to temporary un-root your phone for ota updates and then restore back root . before installing please check this xda thread .
in general , anything that works regardless of which app you have in the foreground will work regardless of which launcher you have installed . that includes eye scrolling , air gestures , smart stay , smart orientation change ( i forget the marketing name for it ) , and so on . changing to a different launcher will only replace the home screen and the " all apps " menu . note that the old launcher is still installed : the first time you go to the home screen , you get a chooser to pick which one to use , the same way as if you have more than one web browser and click on a link .
can you still boot normally ? if yes , you can just go to Settings &gt; Backup &amp; Reset &gt; Factory data reset .
flashing cwm recovery directly from your micromax funbook . this method is for those who do not want to use a computer to flash cwm recovery or do not have access to a computer to do the same . give me credits only for the method . not for the app and the recovery image . things required:- data connection on your tablet . ( via wifi ) an archieve supported file manager . eg es file explorer . a usable and working mind . steps:- download the file from the link below . extract the file to the root of your " internal sd card " and you will get 2 file first " novotools_v1.0" and the second " recovery . img " . install the app novotools_v1.0 . run novotools and you will see and option flash recovery click it and the recovey will be flashed onto your phone . reboot in recovery with the help of the application or the old method by holding the home/options and the power button . now you have fully functional cwm recovery . download quote : quote : http://www.mediafire.com/?6wn2dow0lz9qoot using this custom cwm , you can scroll in the funbook recovery mode using the menu button alone .
as you have said that it is not a ' captive portal ' , could it be an internal vpn connection ? i doubt it , but it is possible . most hotspot 's that require login use these portals - so you should just go to google . com in your browser and it should take you to a webpage that is the portal , where a login is required prior to accessing any other website . this login , may require a registration or some form of payment , depending on who is the provider of that portal . has this ever appeared before ? when you use your laptop - what does the balloon notification say , something along the lines of " wifi hotspot detected , click here to connect " or similar . on my laptop , it just opens my browser to my home page , to get redirected to the portal to login .
if you open your browser when connected to that hotspot , it should automatically get re-directed to the login page for it . that is what most of these hotspot apps try to automate using macros . after having logged-in via the browser , the internet connection should be available to your apps .
have you switched mass storage mode on ? not sure about desire hd , but it should be either in usb settings under Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; USB Settings , Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings , or it may show up directly in the notification bar when usb is connected . if this does not help , do a lsusb after connecting the phone and check it is detected .
two points , firstly if you just want to stop getting the airpush ads , airpush themselves offer two ways that you can opt your device out of receiving the ads . either : install the airpush permanent opt-out app , or visit their opt-out page and follow the instructions to enter your imei to be opted out . secondly i do not think that airpush is the only game in town doing this . i uninstalled an app a few months ago when i tracked down that it was the one spamming my notification bar . its ads did not look like airpush 's and it did not show up with an airpush detector . did not track down who was providing the ads framework the app was using , i was just happy to get that rubbish off my device , for an app i only opened once a month or so i did not need that hassle . it may be that these are not airpush ads , but one of their competitors . that app i just tracked down by working out which apps i would installed/updated recently , then glancing through the market comments to see which one was full of users screaming to get rid of the notification ads .
install the airpush detector app . this will ( in most cases ) detect the app responsible .
touch the stars at the top of your phone and slide it down with your finger to view the ad . dont open the ad but instead put your finger on it and press and hold it down for 7 seconds and the app thats sending you the add will appear . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . delete the app and the stars will go away . my stars came from downloading the ringtone ( fart ) with my samsung galaxy note 2 .
i have jelly bean 4.2.2 on a htc one s and swype 1.4 installed . i was ready to go on a shooting spree when i thought i could not hit a return button to start a new line ! i opened a sms thread , tapped menu > settings and scrolled all the way down . there is an option at the bottom called soft keyboard type . open that and you get -- &lt ; > smiley key &lt ; > send &lt ; > enter for a new line select the bottom one and you are golden ! this setting will change it for both the stock android keyboard and swype . cheers !
that is unfortunately not possible , swype would need to provide a setting for this , which they do not . you might have more luck with third-party-messaging apps , but i doubt it , as this is a contextual feature that pops up whenever it makes sense for smileys to be inserted .
z4root is for android version 2.2 , as versions such as honeycomb have such methods of rooting patched . try a hard reset .
i read on retrica 's website that they are aware of this problem for android 2 . x devices and they are working to fix it .
using astro ( available in the market ) , you should be able to create a folder on your sd card . prefix the name of the folder with a dot ( " . " ) and the folder will be considered hidden in the linux/android file system . this will keep it from being included in the library .
you should be able to create a file called " . nomedia " ( without quotes ) in the folder you do not want scanned . it is supposed to tell the media scanner not to look in there .
i am not sure about facebook events here because i have very few events ever listed in my facebook calendar . but if you sync your phone with facebook ( settings > accounts and sync ) and have it sync live feeds , it should display calendar items in your calendar . i know i have birthdays in my calendar that show up and that is how i have facebook sync setup . if you are setup the same way , try removing facebook sync , clear cache and data from the app ( settings > applications > manage application > all , then find facebook and click on it . there should be an option to clear cache and data . reboot . then recreate the account and sync . not sure if this will help but usually solves most issues . . .
why do not you run it in landscape mode ? portrait is not the default orientation for tablets , even if the android sdk defaults to portrait . i am also wondering if you can cut out the body of the device and set the view to screen-only ; the tab 's screen is 1024x600 , so it should fit your screen like that while in portrait mode .
afaik the carriers are simply not interested in doing anything except forcing people with smartphones to pay unreasonable amounts for data plans . one thing you could do is get verizon 's prepaid mobile broadband in the " hotspot " form . you can plug it in wherever and it effectively rebroadcasts the cell network as a wi-fi network . you can connect your phone to that wi-fi . it is not perfect , since it is not portable to anywhere without a power outlet ( afaik it can not use batteries ) , but perhaps better than nothing .
you can get the lg optimus v from virgin mobil for $150 ( total ) and pay $25/month for unlimited data and texts and 300 minutes/month of talk time . there are three drawbacks . ( 1 ) the screen is a bit small . ( 2 ) the internal memory is only about 200mb , so you are limited as the number of apps you can have ( even moving apps to the sd card ) . ( 3 ) virgin mobile uses the sprint network which seems to be more limited than say verizon . later this month ( i think ) virgin mobile will also off the motorola triumph with 2gb internal memory and a larger screen and a faster processor and a front facing camera ( which the optimus does not have , so maybe that is four drawbacks ) . i plan to switch to the new phone as soon as i can .
no , mobile broadband is called such specifically to distinguish it from a cell phone data plan . you might be able to trick them by claiming your phone is one of the tablets they support , but only if you can get all its info ( imei etc . ) beforehand and they accept it , rather than requiring you to bring in the device . however i believe they are able to detect this sort of trickery on a network level , even if you are not an existing customer and they know that your device is a phone . i would not expect it to work for long . i did a similar thing on t-mobile and my service was cut after 2 days .
so after some search and posting on some other forums , it turns out that it is a bug . i am quoting here from rizy7 @ android central forums : " known problem with nexus 4 wifi . . google have been made aware but nothing has happened so far . . hopefully in the next update it will be fixed . to get around the problem you either need to get a new router , set a static arp on your router or you need to change some system files which means you need a rooted device . " source : http://forums.androidcentral.com/google-nexus-4/267885-nexus4-wont-ring-when-calling-google-talk-screen-locked.html#post2699201
syncing is when you take two different sets of data ( normally on two different devices or on one device and one online ) and make them " mirror " , or be identical to , each other . this way , you always have the most up-to-date version of that data no matter which device ( s ) you are currently using . many things can be and are synced , including a lot of different data from third-party apps , like springpad ( which syncs your notes ) or dropbox ( a file storage service ) . however , for google applications , i believe that it is just your contacts , gmail , chats ( via talk ) buzz posts , calendar , and documents . you can also upload and download photos from your picasa account as well . however , i also think that google has lots of other apps that do not come pre-installed on most phones , such as finance , which ( i think ) will sync with your online stock portfolio or the like . ( i do not use google finance , sorry . ) sms is also only on the phone , though they have applications that you can download to backup your sms to your computer . no , other apps can use syncing as well , though i do not believe that they can sync to your gmail account . often times , these services have you register for separate accounts on their sites using your gmail to sync with their service and their application on your device . for example , like mentioned previously , i use springpad as a note-taking application on my droid . i had to create an account on their site ( though i could also log in via services like yahoo ! or gmail ) and it would afterwards sync with the application on my phone , so my notes on my phone are always the same as the ones on my online account with springpad . i think that you can add a gmail account in your gmail application on your phone . afterwards , you had likely be able to delete the old one . though , you had probably have to re-purchase or re-install your applications , as those are bought via your google account . i do not believe it would delete your sms as those are just on the phone , though it is always a good idea to clean your sms out because they eventually start to eat up quite a bit of space unless you have them set to automatically delete as you reach a message limit . ( for example , 200 messages ) for transferring data , there is a tutorial on transferring mail located here : http://www.consumingexperience.com/2007/09/gmail-transfer-all-emails-to-new-gmail.html ( not written by google , but the next best thing ) . for contacts , you had just export them all from your online gmail account and then re-import the export file into your new one . hopefully this answers your question and good luck switching !
there is an app to workaround that issue , wifi fixer available for free from google play store : wifi fixer is a low-resource background service that maintains your wifi connection automatically and works around several bugs in android wifi .
i will answer my own question - i do not think there is such an email client yet that provides the facility to choose which internet connection ( s ) is/are used with each account . thanks for the droidwall mention @foleyisgood , but i would prefer not to have to root my device for risks of malware , also because i use some backing apps which will not run on rooted devices .
if you have root access then you could use droidwall to give different apps , including email clients , access to wifi and or mobile data . this would require you to use a different client for each account and would not automatically differentiate between wifi at work or at home . :o/ ( it is a pretty rough work around but the best i could think of . . . )
see also : how can i stop applications and services from running ? when you free the memory you are just killing the apps using it or that android has stopped and put in the background . the only real solution is to not use apps , or to accept that every time you switch apps your position in the old one will be forgotten . you had probably need a custom-built rom that entirely altered the way android does memory management in order to get around this ; having something auto-clear the ram would end up killing the app you are currently using . another alternative is creating a swap partition , though how to do so is a different question .
i have not done a screen recording in a phone , only in a computer . but if your unit is already rooted , you can try to download " scr screen recorder " from the appstore . it will work on rooted devices only . good luck !
looking at the description of the said app on the google play store as referred by the op : complete linux installer is an all in one solution to installing linux distros on your android device . brought to you by the linuxonandroid project the app is designed to allow you to install a full linux distro without touching your android install . so , it does not really " over-write " the android installation . the emphasis in the above quote is mine . it does pay to read the description on the play store thoroughly in order to avoid any confusions . if there is a confusion , the said developer would be delighted to receive an email asking for clarification as it shows that you as a customer is interested in the developer 's app and might spur them on to improve it etc . : )
there are several types of youtube links . so as long as the types differ the intent chooser will popup asking to choose the default . i suggest just keep ticking the " use as default " check box and select youtube application .
this is the expected behavior . queue is the " currently playing playlist " you have playlist a with song 1,2,3 and 4 . if you start listening to playlist a , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 1,2,3,4 . if you see song 1337 , then " add to queue " while listening to song 2 , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 2,1337,3,4 . if the next day , you start playlist a from the beginning , it will still only hold song 1,2,3,4 .
adding to queue means there should be something playing first before the queue is created . try playing one song then add another music to the queue . do not pick another song , just wait for the current song to finish . the next song will be the song you placed in the queue .
from the home screen , click the " all apps " button , then there is an app called downloads . by default , downloads are sorted most-recent-first , so the one you have just downloaded will be at the top . if even that method is one step too many , you can long-tap on the downloads icon in the apps menu , then drop it on the home screen to create a shortcut to that app . now you can open it from the home screen directly . additionally , if the wrong app opens a certain kind of file , you can stop that and go back to having a chooser to pick which app to open files with . open the settings app , then go to apps ( on some phones it is called applications manager ) . choose the offending app from the list : if it is a built-in app , you will need to swipe to to the all page . scroll down and click clear defaults . next time you open a file that would open with that app , you will get the chooser instead ( assuming you have another app installed that can open that kind of file ) .
movieplayer and mvideoplayer both support sub/idx subtitles .
wat are you using to create and format your partitions ? i ran into a similar error when i used paragon partition manager ( https://www.paragon-software.com/ ) in windows . the phone would not correctly recognise the partition . i then used ( i think it is the ' official' ) the sd formatter program in windows to format my partition but it only seems to make use of the entire sd card and not really give you an opportunity to have multiple partitions . you should really try gparted . it is pretty fool proof . just make a bootable usb , pop on gparted and create and format you partitions in that . good guide here for a gs4 but should work for your phone too : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2285221
do you have an insecure kernel ( boot . img ) ? write access to the system partition is usually blocked by the kernel at boot . you may need to flash a modified kernel to be able to obtain write access to /system with adb . can you mount /system as r/w in the os ? then you could push the file to the sd card using adb or just normal usb ( mtp or mass storage depending on the device ) and then copy it to the proper location and set permissions using terminal on the device or a root-enabled file manager . then reboot and it should be there and installed .
the syntax of mount command usually requires you specify the target : mount -o remount,rw /system /system  this output could be useful for us to better understand your problem : cat /proc/mounts  as a last resort , as you have root you can try saving raw image of system , mount it on your box and push the app there , then flash it back on your device . to save raw system image : dd if=&lt;block device mounted on /system&gt; of=&lt;output file&gt;  if you go that way make sure you keep the original system image in case something goes wrong .
" long touch " on the screen ( the wallpaper ) so the add to home screen option opens . touch motorola widgets touch contact quick tasks choose the contact you want to add choose the contact method ( s ) done !
while all of the above is true , you can simply click menu -> add -> shortcut -> dialer -> favorites to recreate the shortcut if you accidenatlly delete it . that is if you are talking about the little red icon with the star that takes you to the favorites tab in the dialer .
some widgets might only be able to be placed once . if you only want one instance of it , but on another screen , just long click ( click on the widget and keep your click/pressure on it or keep your finger pressed to the screen ) till you have control of it . on my android device i feel a vibrate and the widget shakes on the screen . then just move it where ever you want . to go to another screen hold the widget to the edge of that screen and you should be on the the next screen . another tip that might be easier than moving apps and widgets on homescreens , just long click on them till you have control and remove them by dragging to the bottom of the screen . then go to the screen you want and add it . long click on an empty space of the homescreen and choose " widgets " then find your widget and add it . update : so at the very top of my widget list is something that says , " get more htc widgets " . you could see if you have that . not sure if motorola has their own option there or not . also try looking at your widget list and then see if you have " contacts " or " people " . on my phone i have " people " and that allows me to add one of those favorite listings for my contacts .
this quotes andy rubin in saying that they will move from a twice a year release schedule to a yearly cycle . but i do not know of an actual " official " publication . also , this " yearly " cycle probably only means " major " releases , but there will still probably be " minor " updates through out the year like they have done in the past . the quote : so we launched it , and from our internal 0.8 , we got to 1.0 pretty quickly , and we went through this iteration cycle . you’ve noticed , probably , that that’s slowed down a little bit . our product cycle is now , basically twice a year , and it will probably end up being once a year when things start settling down , because a platform that’s moving — it’s hard for developers to keep up . i want developers to basically leverage the innovation . i don’t want developers to have to predict the innovation . andy rubin vp of engineering for android at google
no , there is no officially published plan . the only people who get advance access to new versions before they are released are certain big-name developers ( and tier 1 hardware vendors , of course ) under nda , so they can be ready take advantage of new features . the rest of us get it when the updates get pushed out . ( usually , the new sdk and emulator images appear a little after the new devices ship . ) unless you want to take advantage of not-yet-announced features , there is no need to change your app for new os versions , because of the backwards-compatibility features present in android .
try manually restoring the contents of /data/data/com.viber.voip .
please update to the latest podcast addict v2.3 . you can subscribe to itunes podcasts ( just copy/paste or press on this url ) and you can also browse itunes database , so this podcast will now shows up ; )
i think it is due to u have use wrong rooting file . did you tried other rooting file as well ? what i tried is i9100zslsj android 4.1.2 jelly bean galaxy s2 i9100 if you want to download it . here is the link
there is no need to install kies . download the driver SAMSUNG_USB_Driver_for_Mobile_Phones_v1.5.14.0.exe ( or a higher version ) which is available from the samsung website . click on the manuals and downloads tab ( below the image of the phone ) and then the software tab . after installing , i connected the s3 via usb and windows update automatically searched for and downloaded a package that was 6.8mb , followed by this notification . i restarted my computer ( just in case ) and i can now use the s3 for development , even though it says the device is connected as a " media device " .
you can try using universal adb driver from this link : https://github.com/koush/universaladbdriver
you need to install the samsung adb driver . you can install these by installing kies ( they will be installed automatically ) , or you can download and install the driver here - it says it is for the galaxy s2 , but it should work for all samsung devices . once installed , you may need to reboot your computer , and then connect your device . if that still does not work , go into your device manager and delete any unknown devices , or devices with question marks next to them ( highlight them , and press the delete key ) . once that is done , plug the device back in and the driver should install . you should then be able to see the device by using the adb devices command .
the easiest way to get this driver is from the samsung website . there is a link to a download that installs only the driver ( none of the bloat ) . see stackexchange-url for more details .
uninstall the samsung galaxy s3 driver . download and update your fingerprint sensor driver . in my case , i use the authentec driver . download and update your bluetooth device driver ( i.e. . broadcomm , etc ) reboot computer . re-install the galaxy s3 driver . connect device . device will look for software updates and everything should install . good to go !
i thought that root was required to do this . that is not quite right . any user can see that directory , but only root can write to it . directories lower down the hierarchy such as /data/data are not world-readable , so while you will be able to see that that directory exists , you will not be able to see its contents on an unrooted device . some file managers choose not to offer the option to display system directories like the root directory unless the device is rooted , simply because it is not very useful to do so when you can not see the contents of some of its subdirectories or change it .
this issue was resolved by reinstalling bigxie 's 4.1.1 rom from scratch ( with a full wipe ) . i suspect that fiddling around with titaniumbackup caused me to remove the system camera app , and for some reason this was not put in when i installed aokp + gapps . please note ! full wipe and complete reinstall of a rom that is missing the camera app will not help . therefore , choose a stock rom or a rom close to stock that you know include the camera system app . if this does not help , try reseting the phone completely to locked bootloader , unrooted stock rom and so on as you will probably want to return it anyway if the camera app is still gone in the stock installation : )
this is happening due to android trying to keep same aspect ratio of wallpaper when your device is switching between portrait and landscape modes . what is the size of the wallpaper ? for it to fit perfectly , it must be 3966x2560 .
i did not realize you can change the account to use when uploading the file . i do not understand how i missed it , but here it is : given that the marked account value always changes back to the other account and i have to adjust it every time , i guess there is still merit in the question . but my problem was finding this ui item .
there are two applications that come preloaded on the device which can do this for you , " fit " and " heart rate " . you can start these apps by saying " ok google " or tapping the screen to bring up search , followed by the command " start fit " or " start heart rate " which launch the corresponding app . heart rate 's sole purpose is to show this information , so the button to start monitoring will be available immediately . fit also tracks other fitness data , such as steps you have traveled , so you will need to swipe to the left once to get to the heart rate section and expose the button which will start the reading . both of these apps will request that you stay still for 10-15 seconds as a reading is taken , and it is important to note that they only measure your heart rate when you ask for it , there is not a passive reading being taken . as a shortcut , you can just tell google to " show me my heart rate " to skip the " start fit " or " start heart rate " commands as well as the button press to start the reading . this will automatically launch the default heart rate measuring app and start taking a reading . you can configure which app does this by default by using the android wear app on your connected device .
while all networks you have connected to in the past are stored in a file called /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf , networks " just seen " around ( but never connected to ) are imho not stored to any file , but just " cached " in memory . so a simple trick to get rid of them is to enter airplane-mode for a couple of seconds ( or a minute if seconds are not enough ) . with wifi being disabled , the system should see no reason to " stick " to that " cached " information , and thus " forget " the unknown networks . as soon as you return from airplane mode , it would need to " rebuild " its cache again – but those " stickies " should be gone for good ( until next time , maybe , but then simply repeat the action ) .
some are drm protected , others are not . one way i am aware of to find out the ones that are drm , is when you try to download the file for offline reading : if the extension is .acsm then its a drm protected book . if the extension ends in .epub or .pdf then its not drm . protected . related reading : file types for reading on your device drm options for downloads of books on google play related to exporting the ebook to a certain format or have it restricted to be read on google play , the above first link answers your doubt , where they stat that you can read or download to read your ebook on other devices or applications .
after searching a bit more , i found wake up screen . it might do what i want . i will try it out in a few days .
there is a free app called motionunlock , with it your tablet will sense when it is being picked up from a table , etc . . . and unlock automatically , being ready for use ! motionunlock - tablet wake up
you will want to use the wifi 's ssid and mac address as a trigger . when you create your profile you will go to state and select wifi connected . then you will see a magnifying glass next to ssid and mac . touching the magnifying glass will allow you to see the wifi networks currently in your area . you can add multiple ssid for a single task but then i am not sure how the mac addresses with interact with that . you might be able to see the wifi network it remembers but i am not 100% sure on that . after selecting the correct ssid and its corresponding mac address tasker now knows to trigger . by selecting the ssid and mac address is prevents tasker from triggering if you connect to another wifi address with the same ssid . i hope this help . since i am new and trying to build up rep please do not forget to select this as your answer if it works for you and to upvote it . thanks . if you have any issues please come back and ask more question but provide more info about the phone , android version and tasker version along with any other plugin you might have .
depends on the other device . there must be an option for sharing the internet over bluetooth in other device 's bluetooth connection settings . if you turn it on , you can connect to internet on your android tablet .
if you are going to move from cyanogenmod to stock rom , you need to do a full wipe . otherwise , there is big chance you are going to have issues . a full wipe is necessary when moving from one rom to another rom ( stock to custom , and vice versa ) . you should be able to find stock rom in sammobile .
after many failures , i finally figured out what was happening . cyanogenmod 's update utility told me about a new snapshot for 10.2 . i was currently on 10.1 . when i installed the 10.2 " stable " snapshot , i still had the 10.1 gapps on the phone . evidently this is what caused the boot to fail . after wiping the caches and doing the " factory reset " , installing the 10.2 gapps and the 10.2 cgm snapshot , i was able to get the phone to boot successfully . i do not know why the 10.1.3 reversion failed when i still had 10.1 gapps on it . i will update this answer later if battery life is still an issue , but i believe i should be able to revert to 10.1/10.1 if battery still does not behave well in the 10.2 snapshot . while trying the paths , i also tried the cgm 11 ( 4.4 ) beta build . looks pretty sweet , but i could not get wifi to work on it , so i went back to cgm 10.2 snapshot .
the only way i have found is from the ugly old carousel . i keep a link to it accessible on my new launcher and go there to open a book or document . it is not as graceful as , say , a direct link to the book , but it works .
if you are running android 4.0 , you can adjust the softkey buttons at the bottom of the screen to re-add missing buttons such as search : how can i add a search button to my dock on a galaxy nexus ? for lower than android 4.0 . . . . there is the softkeys app . note : all of the above require root
the sensation xe ( which is externally identical to my sensation barring colour ) does have a hardware search button , located immediately below the touchscreen , furthest to the right : i have not noticed a setting on android 4.0 to allow you to customise the behaviour of the button , however . the default behaviour is to launch the voice search app .
one workaround i have found is to sync the phone calendar with kies to outlook calendar and edit in outlook then resync . the edited update is then picked up by the phone .
click on the actual event and then the menu button . goto Calendar -&gt; Click day -&gt; Click thru event -&gt; Click the menu button -&gt; Click edit
a signature error is often caused by trying to install custom firmware ( the rom ) with the stock revovery . the stock recovery will only install a factory image for the device , signed by the manufacturer . this means you can only install stock firmware with it . so you need a custom recovery , something like clockworkmod or twrp recovery . note : do at your own risk , and ensure you have the correct device model for this ! downloads : this is the link to twrp for the galaxy s3 . this is the link to clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery for galaxy s3 how to flash a new recovery with odin : step 1: prepare odin for flash make sure auto reboot and f . reset are checked , then click the pda button and load your . tar file . step 2: go into download mode on your gs3 you can do this by powering off your phone , and power back on by holding volume down + home + power . if you are on a custom rom , do not do this by holding the power button , select reboot , and select download mode . it can cause issues in certain models in odin . step 3: flash twrp press the start button on odin . then watch your phone do its thing and reboot . that is it , you now have the latest and greatest recovery available for the samsung galaxy s3 . before installing a new rom ensure you make a full nandroid backup in your new recovery . after you install the recovery , boot into it like before , then wipe cache / data and install your new rom .
i am not sure if it can or not , but tasker has a 7 day free trial if you download it from their website instead of android market . http://tasker.dinglisch.net/download.html so you can try it out yourself .
as it stands right now , tasker does not have that functionality . some researching indicates no third-party app can do that .
o.k. i have resolved the issue by re-applying the ota update from sdcard with recovery mode .
i am afraid not . these bundled apps are part of the rom image , so the app updates are part of the system update . when you install an update , it just copies the data wholesale into the phone 's system partition : it does not install apps one by one . for this reason , there is no way to filter out individual apps from the update . you can not even remove those files from the update image on your pc : removing files would make the update signature fail to match . the phone would detect this and not install the update . you just have to disable the bundled apps you do not want after each system update , or unlock your bootloader and install a custom rom .
you could try opening the vcard file in outlook , there is also other software out there if you google " vcard editor " , find one you want and make sure there are not any issues with the file . in this case , you could remove the offending line , save with a new name and then try to import again . another option , you could import your contacts into your google account from a computer , then sync to a phone . follow this link for help with that . as far as other contact apps go , you will have to root your phone and install a rom that uses a different contact system then the one that comes stock on your phone . reason for this is most apps on the marketplace just put a different front end to the contact system already on your phone . you could look at the marketplace and see if there is an app you like , that is a totally separate contact system from what is on the phone , but i still think this would not help because your underlying issue would still exist .
that is a hardware problem and can be solved only by taking your phone to a service center .
a mini-sim is the same thing as a standard sim nowadays . the term was coined back in the day when sim cards were the size of a credit card . thus , the current-day regular sim was known as mini-sim . micro-sim is the next step ( used in newer smartphones , examples from gsmarena ) and then there is the nano-sim ( used only in iphone 5 , ipad mini and asus padfone infinity , as far as i know ) . see gsm sim card evolution for graphical representation .
workaround found : wrap all aac files into matroska containers and usual music players start recognising them . mkvmerge some_music.aac -o some_music.mka 
i find that the few apps i installed that were not from google play have their original apk in the download folder . they usually ended there because i clicked an apk link through a website or blog i was viewing . after the download , the notification bar indicates the download is complete , and a click there starts the installer . i would start by looking into the folder /storage/sdcard/download
short of going through your installed apps and checking them against your installed apps in google play im not sure what else you can do other than uninstall everything and re-add everything via google play
i think turning on from shutdown is not possible without messing with the hardware . i have a nexus one which is basically the htc desire and using cyanogen mod i have been able to use the trackball to wake from sleep etc . you will need to root etc and probably will void your warranty whatsoever . try the following link for more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=690477 also google cyanogen mod ( i can only post one link at a time )
as romain guy , one of the android engineers , stated in a stack overflow answer : no , you cannot move the honeycomb status bar , either via a setting or programmatically ( meaning it is not possible for an app to move it for you ) . you had have to modify and build the honeycomb source if you wanted to have any chance of accomplishing this . you could , however , try to find an emulator that lets you move the controls to the top of the screen . i recall seeing one that had this option , but i do not remember which one ( i think it may have been snes9x , but i am not positive ) .
one of the apps , elderathis might be referring to is button savior . one does need to be rooted to make use of it , though .
you can not run .exe files in android . it is a windows executable file . android apps will have .apk format . check out this link . they discuss about android torrent apps ( downloaders ) .
μtorrent exists in play store and works well . download it from there . however , i would like to learn how to run . exe files on android without using a complicated method .
. exe is windows executable file . like you can not run android app on windows without android emulator . in the same way you are going to need windows emulator to run . exe on android . and as far as i know no such emulator is available yet .
.exe files are windows binaries ( i.e. . executable files/applications/programms ) that can not be run natively on a android system . i am sure the play store ( or the alternatives of the play store ) will have an equivalent app to the .exe file you are trying to run .
the securedownload.bin file is from your email app trying to download/save an attachment . the app creates this file ( no matter what the actual name of your attachment is ) whenever you try to view or save the attachment . the FlashPlayer installer may have been automatically downloaded by your browser when you tried to view flash content . in either case , these files should be perfectly safe to delete from your downloads , since no apps are supposed to store critical files there . ( if an app places critical files in the downloads directory , the app does not deserve to be used ! )
from my understanding each device listing in the play store is referenced to a unique id . by removing the device you have removed this id . you should be able to sign out of your google account on your device , then sign back in , making sure all of the sync features are turned on , this should create a new uid for your device , putting an entry in devices once again .
if your device is rooted , tasker can do that ( there is a free trial available at their website for you to check first ) . while you do not need to boot your device daily ( i do not boot it more often than once a month usually , if at all ) , i also thought about a weekly reboot on a device having problems otherwise ( my old wildfire started behaving oddly with calls after about 10 days uptime ) . so here we go , assuming a weekly reboot at monday morning 3am for a fresh week : condition : day &rarr ; day-of-week : pick " monday " time : set both , from and to time to 3am task : reboot i have to include a warning here from the tasker userguide on reboot : unfortunately , this is not a ' clean ' shutdown . neither android nor running applications are informed that the device is rebooting , so be prepared for possible data corruption . on the other hand , every other app that allows reboot does it the same way . so this warning does not apply to tasker alone , but obviously to all other solutions as well .
success ! i had the same exact problem on my nexus 4 , and all it took to get mine working was a forced shutdown , and starting it up again . for the nexus 4 , that is simply : hold down the power button for about 10 seconds ( the phone will shut down ) hold down the power button for about 2 seconds ( the phone will start up ) mine ran through the same " optimizing app x of y " that it had before , but seemed to do so faster than it had the first time , and then actually finished booting . when i went to check if android runtime was still chosen , it was not - it had failed back to dalvik , which is where it is going to stay on my phone for now .
as " art " versus " dalvik " is a setting the user can switch , a factory-reset should restore its previous ( default ) state – in this case , revert it to " dalvik " . reportedly , the following steps solved the issue in this case : complete wipe , including dalvik cache and data ( can be done from recovery-mode , and is equivalent to a factory-reset ) re-flashing the rom ( imho an optional step , as the previous one should suffice ) remark : there is a good reason that switch is a little hidden ; art is still " experimental " , and not intended for " everyday use " . it was placed with the developer 's options just to give developers a way to already test their apps for compatibility .
it sounds like you are saying that certain apps are using the front speaker ( the one normally used during a phone call ) and are in turn using the " in call " volume . if this is the case , here 's what you need to do : throw your phone out the window go buy a new one i have had many android phones and have never seen this happen . the problem could be in the developer 's specific version of the app for your device , but it sounds like it is the device if it happens on more than one app . you should try a new device ( take it back to retailer/get a replacement under warranty ) . i doubt you would see it on a new phone . good luck . sorry you are having these issues . edit : you could also try a factory reset , which is what the retailer/warranty person will tell you .
looks like this is a bug with the front and back speaker routing , maybe you can try this app https://market.android.com/details?id=nl.powerbase.speakerswitcher and switch to speaker whenever you have problemm .
if you had not rooted your device i would tell you to take it to your carrier 's tech support center . i have had problems with my volume almost like your current issues and the i=only fix was to order a replacement . i do know what you are talking about with certain apps using different speakers [ front internal speaker and external speaker ] . this is based on the programming they have done and you should talk to the developers about the issue or look closely at the permissions of the app to see if they have access to both speakers or if your phone is indeed randomly selecting which to use . i hope this helps !
i had a similar issue once . it occurred immediately after i got a refund for another app that did not work ( i bought the one that got " stuck " to replace the refunded one ) . i was lucky in that after an hour or so the download started on its own and everything was fine . so that is one option . another is to contact the seller of the app , explain what happened , and ask for a cancellation/refund . hopefully it fixes the issue , but if not you will at least be able to get your money back .
i am not sure why this happened . . . i suspect it was due to my open issue with the android market team . . . however i suddenly got an email that my order for this app had been canceled : hello joshua , your order has been canceled and you have not been charged . reason : other ( describe below ) comments : we could not complete your order in a timely fashion . your order has been automatically canceled . please retry your purchase . i was then able to purchase and pay for the app again , and this time , it downloaded !
if you built the image yourself then google 's proprietary apps would not have been included as they are not open source . the easiest way to get them is probably to just use the cyanogenmod9 gapps package , which can be downloaded here ( top of the table ) . if you have a custom recovery image then you can simply install the . zip file from your recovery , otherwise you will have to manually install each of the files in the . zip ( they have a folder structure that mimics your device ) . the reason why the web market is not working is because it tries to use c2dm to push the app to the device , but this requires the market app to be installed on the device . you cannot download the . apk from the market manually .
i would suggest looking at the motorola source for the droidx . i think this is just the kernel source , but i have not looked through it . if this is not what you are looking for , then i would try and get in touch with someone that is part of motodev .
i have gmail 4.3.1 on my at and t 4.1.1 s3 . i find that the Archive and Reply action buttons only appear on the new mail notification sometimes . as near as i can tell , two conditions need to be true for them to appear : there must be only one new email . multiple new emails will change the notification style to a list of new emails . so if you get a lot of email , you will never see the action buttons . there must be enough room in the notification pane to show an expanded notification without needing to scroll the notifications . so if you have a lot of ongoing notifications , you will never see the expanded new mail notification with the two action buttons .
the problem is with the s2e on 4.2.2 . i wiped everything , it worked . now i reinstalled s2e and it will not work . edit : main user had no access to write sd-ext . i created a code added init . d to set sd-ext with chmod 777 .
on this question , you might want to check an article on getandroidstuff called superuser vs supersu . quoting : supersu improves everything about superuser and adds more options . the free version offers faster notifications , there is possibility of disabling them for each app and a new interface , attractive and easy to handle . in addition , according to developer claims by using supersu you’ll enjoy higher speed from the apps that require root rights , especially on android 4.0+ . the paid version called supersu pro provides the opportunity to keep root rights after a system update , which usually cancels these rights . although the method is not guaranteed the option is very useful . we have password protection and advanced log configuration settings for each application . you might also want to read supersu brings better superuser root permission management to android . quoting from that article : supersu is basically superuser on steroids . according to the developer , it “allows for advanced management of superuser access rights for all the apps on your device that need root . ” . chainsdd versus clockworkmod as i initially missed you were not asking about supersu , but chainsdd versus clockworkmod : let 's take a look at androidpolice : koush 's superuser is free and open source sources are available at github it supports jellybeans ( 4.2+ ) multiuser ( supersu does this as well ) it will never have a pais version , which would go against the whole open-source principle like supersu , it makes use of the new android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER permission ( already used by several root-apps ) pin protection request timeout customize notifications x86 and arm support tablet optimized ( koush speaks of " tablet mode " , so no fear it would not do on a phone : ) read more in the linked post at androidpolice .
there are a few ways to install an app : post it online ( with something like dropbox ) and navigate to the url in your tablet 's browser use the marketplace if it is listed there use adb install to do it make sure on the device that you have checked the checkbox listed at Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Unknown Sources if it is not in the market . this will allow you to install non-market apps .
you can download apkinstaller from android market and install it . after that just put your application apk in your tablet sdcard , and click on apkinstaller you will get your apk here . just click on your apk it will b installed .
another thing that you may want to uncheck is the alerts for open wireless networks and forget all the networks your phone has already connected to , as most android phones are , by default , set up to re-connect to wireless networks they have already connected to . you can find these options , as matthew read said above , under settings > wireless and network .
if it was turned off , it would not be able to detect the network . go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Wi-Fi settings and uncheck wi-fi to disable wi-fi .
you do not need an official " skin " . you just need to figure out what screen dimensions and memory capacity the device you want to test has and create a deployment target file .
from ics onwards , go to Settings-> Security-> Trusted credentials .
on ics or later you can check this in your settings . go to Settings-&gt;Security-&gt;Trusted Credentials to see a list of all your trusted cas , separated by whether they were included with the system or installed by the user . earlier versions of android keep their certs under /system/etc/security in an encrypted bundle named cacerts.bks which you can extract using bouncy castle and the keytool program . the summary is to first pull the bundle using adb ( you need a root shell ) then you can use bouncy castle to list the contents of the bundle : there is also at least one app that you can try if you had prefer not to use the shell : cacertman ( requires root to modify the list , but should allow you to view the list without root ) . i believe it came about due to the diginotar fiasco since there were no particularly easy ways for a user to revoke the cert at the time . since the certs are stored differently on ics and later this app will only work on devices running gingerbread ( or earlier ) , but it is obsolete on ics/jb anyway .
what kind of security are you using on your phone ? if you are using swipe to unlock ( no pin ) you should be able to see the shortcuts . if you have some other sort of security , the lockscreen changes for android 4.3 and touchwiz integration have made some of these features disappear . there is a pretty good discussion about it here .
go to settings> my device> lock screen> screen lock select swipe turn " shortcuts " on click the word " shortcuts " and your lock screen shortcuts will appear ; edit as you desire . change your screen lock back to your desired security setting and the new shortcuts will stay in place . i just got my s3 and apparently android 4.3 does not allow access to shortcuts when phone is locked ( makes sense i guess , why lock something but allow access to parts of it ? ) , but you can change the " secured lock time " which will give you time to use those chosen apps from the lock screen .
touch apps> widgets> locate settings and touch and hold to move it to phone screen then select lock screen . you will now see all options to make changes to your lock screen
it is not chrome and you can not install chrome . chrome and the chromium project have been coded for the x86 architecture , i.e. the pc , and all the ui code is specific to either windows , linux , or mac .
you can download and install firefox mobile and then add an extension/add-on that allows printing pages with google 's cloud print : http://www.androidcentral.com/cloud-printer-extension-enables-printing-firefox-mobile in honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) chrome bookmarks sync with the device , so additional chrome features , if not the entire browser , may make the leap to android in the future .
reboot your phone to recovery . use adb to pull ( read as copy ) the build . prop from rom/device adb pull /system/build . prop c:\ edit it back the way that it was . once edited save as normal use adb to push ( read as paste ) the build . prop to rom/device adb remount . . . . . then adb push c:\build . prop /system/ reboot adb reboot or adb shell reboot
microsd is generally hot swappable ( unlike sim card ) , but this thing screws things up . first , turn off the device . remove old microsd . clone it including .android_secure . insert new microsd while device is off . then , boot the device .
from the feeds screen click menu > more > import and export feeds . once you are in there you should see the option to change the email .
i guess this is the most complete list : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_android_devices if you wanna see in % -> http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-versions.html
yes , you need root : the only way i have personally seen to accomplish this without root is to basically have some sort of proxy server-esque application on your computer that communicates with an app on your phone using adb 's port forwarding . it is not especially reliable from what i have tested out ( we were looking for a solution like this for a client at work ) , but you can give it a shot . you can take a look at this app/thread on xda , or this codeproject page for a start , although i am not sure that either of them provides truly transparent internet passthrough .
autostarts parses the application manifests . that is really the best way . ( there is a seemingly auto-generated broadcast_actions . txt file shipped with the android sdk , but it is not complete , in my experience ) . depending on what is wanted , you need to consider : that apps can broadcast custom events , and other apps may listen to those custom events . that apps can register themselves to receive events at runtime , as opposed to statically in the manifest . autostarts will not list those , and i am not aware that such temporary registrations are exposed in any way . autostarts only lists broadcast events . events can also be sent directly to specific activities of specific applications . autostarts will not list those , but the information can be found in the manifests . you can also look at /data/system/packages . xml on your phone , which is where the packagemanager services caches information about installed packages ( so it does not have to parse the manifests ) . i do not remember if it contains information about intents - i vaguely remember that it might not include any application components that have been disabled , but i am not sure .
according to several other similar questions on stackoverflow , such a list is not available via apis . i am not sure how apps like tasker produce such lists . i would not rule out iterating through all possible intents via the queryintentactivities ( ) function , or even parsing each installed app 's manifest file .
a raw native process can be created by any of the usual unix-like mechanisms . an android activity or service is usually forked off by zygote ( in response to an intent ) , but i think there is an obscure way to start a vm by hand using app_process .
if your device is locked to vodafone ( as you write ) , a different rom will not change that . you will either have to use a vodafone sim , or have the device unlocked from the provider . i would suggest you first try whether the problem persists with a vodafone sim , to make sure whether a sim-lock is the cause . those network settings are also grayed out if you have got no sim inserted at all ( i have tried that on one of my devices ) – so it usually means you do not have those services available because there is no accepted sim card detected .
try booting in safe mode . to do this simply press the power button while holding menu + back
it could be that the phone is stuck in a boot loop at or before the os has a chance to load . according to xda , to get into the recovery partition , start with this : home button + volume button - + on button . if you can get into fastboot mode , you can issue a command from the pc with a usb cable . after seeing if the device is there with " fastboot devices " , try " fastboot erase cache " and try to boot . if that fails , " fastboot -w " will essentially do a factory data reset . of course , your coworker will lose all her data , but at least the phone might boot .
boot into safe mode and see if this does the trick . to do this press home + menu and then while pressing then power up using power button
the phone should always charge , no matter how empty the battery is . you imply that the empty battery is the reason why it would not charge , but i think that this is not true . it is more likely that you are dealing with a hardware issue here . but first make sure that you connect the charger for at least an hour to your phone , just to make sure that it is really not charging . even if there is no visual feedback of the charge process , there is still a chance that it does so . you could also try swapping the battery with the one from your brother , to see if the failure is the battery or with the phone .
rename the file with an extension of . crt and place it in your sd card /download folder . put the sd card back into your device ( or remount it , if internal ) and navigate to settings > security and privacy > install certificate from sd card . hopefully that ought to do the trick , else try this online certificate installer tool - it gives you a link that you can navigate to using the android web browser and install the certificate .
seems dhcp is not enabled on wifi router , you may need to ask others to obtain dns address , to connect to internet , dns info is required as well
i find bluetooth connections with ubuntu to be a bit unreliable . i have tried it on a number of machines . i have also tried a variety of bluetooth adapters . i am not sure if it is the various adapters that i have been using . i tried to find a recommended bluetooth manufactor specification , but did not have luck . it is not clear what you mean by adb connect xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx it is my understanding that you have to specify a port when you use the adb to connect ( outside of using a direct connection from the usb ) . you can have very reliable transfers and connection using your usb or your wireless . since you make a reference to adb , i am sure you already have the android sdk package installed . so you have access to the adb transfer features ( push/pull ) , using the usb connection . to use the wireless connection for adb you have to first connect usb then activate the adb tcpip connection to your android . this is done by issuing the following command and specifying the port you want to use . after this activation you can unplug the usb cable and have adb wireless connection that will last until your android is rebooted . $ adb tcpip 5123  in this example i specified a port that would be unlikely to be a default port for an automatic connection such as an avd . after you have activated the wireless adb connection for the android you can connect to it by specifying it is ip address and port when issuing your connect command : $ adb connect 192.168.1.102:5123  i believe your problems connecting adb has to do with your connection setup and parameters .
i think the easiest ( and non-sketchiest ) solution for this will be to help your sister recover her gmail password . once you have that , you can use the android device manager to reset the phone password , or erase the phone memory from the computer . this is the only solution i will post here because resetting an android without access to a gmail account is often done with less-than-ideal intentions .
you can ruin the processor , your data , and possibly your skin ( ouch ! ) . according to " risks of overclocking your cpu " [ aimed at desktop pcs ] , the risks include : success : the processor may overclock perfectly , and run stably for many years to come . there are thousands of people who have done this , and i am certainly not going to deny it . this is the best case outcome . immediate destruction : it is possible to totally destroy a processor by attempting to overclock it . by destruction , i mean that the processor will not boot at the higher speed , and when returned to its normal speed , will continue to not function . this is basically the worst case outcome . this sort of permanent failure is very rare , but it does happen . it is made more likely by using inadequate cooling , and also by being ridiculously aggressive in how far you try to overclock ( i.e. . , trying to run a pentium 75 at 166 mhz . ) non-functionality : the processor may not work at the new speed , but may work fine when returned to its original speed . this is a fairly common outcome when overclocking , and in most cases the processor will not be any the worse for wear . system instability : the processor may boot at the new speed , but you may see the system behave strangely . random hard lockups , parity errors , resource conflicts , strange hard disk problems , beeping , application crashes and [ your os ] refusing to boot are just the tip of the iceberg . particularly insidious are the overclocks that work almost perfectly , because that occasional crash may be due to your operating system , but it may be due to that overclocked chip also . electromigration : when the processor is run at a speed that is higher than it is supposed to be run at , there is a chance that the internal components in the processor may break down over time . the internal features of a cpu are sized in the range of microns . it is possible that when the processor is stressed by running at too high a frequency , along with the extra heat that overclocking incurs , that the actual metal lines inside the processor may form shorts or opens and damage the processor over a period of time . how likely this is to happen , and how long it takes is really not known . the system may work fine for a while and then suddenly stop working . and do not forget that higher speeds means higher heat -- your tiny pocket-sized squeeze-asmuch-as-possible-into-this-small-area has very little in the way of cooling fins . speed it up , and you might overheat . probably will not burn a hole in your pants , though . however , accordin to " big lou " @ modern processors are not harmed by overclocking . you are not altering the voltage , just the multiplier . if anything , the droid will not boot or may act funny , but once you revert back to a slower clock speed , it will be fine ( and that is for higher speeds , mind you ) . anything up to 1.3 is tested to work fine on the droid . heat may rise but the omap3 is rated to around 200 degrees fahrenheit . you will not be getting anywhere near that , and in case you do , you can always set setcpu to roll back the clock speed automatically . ymmv . note how the original text refers to 75 mhz pentiums . ha-hah-ha . this post @ overclockers . com covers the setcpu app , which can adjust speed vs battery performance , start times for clock boosting , etc .
it is maybe because you ave a google talk session opened : it is the same for me , for day , i have looking for what " ring " like that and do not display any informations . . .
also , if you have sms delivery receipts turned on - an alert is sounded when the recipient gets yr message .
after photos are added , they need to be scanned by the media-scanner before they will show up in gallery and other apps . normally , the app that creates the photo asks the media scanner directly to add the new photo , but in this case , because you have removed the . nomedia yourself , nothing has yet triggered the file to be scanned . you can find apps to trigger the rescan on google play , but be careful if your phone has kitkat or later : android changed the way media rescanning works , to save battery , so apps written for earlier android versions simply will not work on kitkat . alternatively , if the folder in question is on removable storage , simply remove it and then add it again , and android will re-scan the whole filesystem .
there is a chinese file inside the folder and is app-specific , as suggested by @izzy .
you can : during the registration process , insert a phone number of your property . wait until whatsapp tells you to manually input the code you should have received via sms at the number you had selected . once you have completed these steps , you will be able to use your whatsapp account from your phone using wifi connection . if you could not verify your number , follow the official guide provided by whatsapp . if you are told that it can not connect to your wi-fi , click here to see the related article on the whatsapp faq .
yes you can if you still have contacts in your mobile and already registered on whatsapp with a number .
i built on top of izzy 's comment having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent . it really means that every client -- i mean every -- such as mutt in server , evolution in desktop , k9 in android , online settings such as gmail-labels/filters , ios email more here , desktop settings such as here and here -- must have corresponding settings . if one part is missing , your imap mailbox will not work over multiple devices or it has limited capabilities . i gather below some errrors that i had to fix in order for imap work over multiple devices . walk-through 'You have sent a message in a trashed conversation...' -- fix this error in gmail , more here . it may be because of filters or wrong setups . gmail folders are called "Labels" , make sure you have cross in a visibility -button , more here . in mutt , make sure you have the record line correctly like this : set record=/home/users/hhh/mail/Sent in ipad , make sure this here again and make sure Settings &gt; Mail, Contacts, Calendars &gt; Your@Email.com &gt; Account &gt; Advanced &gt; Sent corresponds to your other settings -- not something like Sent Emails . in desktop , make sure your desktop client has right settings more here , here and here ( debian -biased questions ) . next time you may have the same problem with other folders such as Trash and Deleted Messages -- yes i know -- it is irritating that different email-clients use inconsistent terminology so you need to adjust every name and delete all extra folders/labels later . i hope you luck , my setup looks to work but i am still fighting with a minor issues such as removing extra directories in k9 , anyone knowing a solution to that ?
as with imap mails are stored centrally on the server , you can see all mails from all imap clients . you can automatically store sent mails to a " sent " folder ( instead of only send them and not storing them ) , which is configured on a per-client basis . i cannot tell for your desktop clients how to do this , but with k9 you can select the folder in menu &rarr ; more &rarr ; settings &rarr ; account settings &rarr ; folders &rarr ; folder for sent objects just in the folders menu , you will find some more special folders you can define ( e . g . for drafts ) . having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent .
if you are stuck on samsung logo -> unplug your device from computer -> go in recovery mode -> reset to factory . . and try again installing everything as it should be . also add your new rom into your storage , and when you are in recovery mode install the new rom and everything should be fine
the firmwares files you are trying to flash using odin have bootloaders removed and they are for s5570 while you have s5570i . you should download the firmwares that are specific to your phone from here http://www.sammobile.com/firmware/?page=3t=1o=1m=gt-s5570ir=1#modelsa 1 hope your problem gets resolved if it isnt till now . . .
heyy man try odin 1.84 it is good with galaxy mini http://www.4shared.com/get/zqfln-si/odin_v184.html
it stops for me as well , so i am lead to believe that it only stores so many in the database . looking at it , it seems to be limited to 20 pages ( it does not even get to ' c ' for me ) .
it needs factory reset to get it off , is it true ? a factory reset will clear all personal data liked with your google account and all other data , settings , and apps that you have downloaded . will factory reset delete everything including pre-installed app ? your pre-installed apps will not be deleted . however , your data for those apps will be deleted ! so the pre-installed apps will still be there , it will be like you are using them for the first time . factory reset is simply resetting your device to the original image of the current rom . this youtube video is a good resource to learn more about factory reset .
by pre-installed do you mean system apps , or do you mean apps that you downloaded of google play ? it is true that you have to reset your device to get rid of the first google account you added . system apps ( that came with the phone ) will not be erased , but their data will . custom downloaded apps ( that you downloaded off google play and installed ) will be erased .
what is factory reset ? first , the word " factory reset " might be a bit misleading -- as one can easily tell by your first comment to your question : if the device ships with gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) pre-installed , and after a while offers an update to e.g. ice cream sandwhich ( android 4.0 . x ) which you perform -- a factory-reset thereafter will not reset it to gingerbread . to understand what happens at a factory reset , you need to know some of the way android 's file system works . to make that easier to understand , i will abstract ( and simplify ) this a bit : there are multiple partitions created on the storage of the device . a few examples include : /system , which normally is " read-only " . here the android system incl . its pre-installed apps reside /data , which is " read/write " . here go all the user 's data , incl . the apps ( s ) he installs there are some more partitions , which i will ignore for this example . with a new device , /system contains the android system plus pre-installed apps , as stated above -- while /data is empty . that is the " factory state " , we could say . now you switch your device on , and go through the wizard : creating/configuring your account etc . these data are stored in /data . so will the apps you download from the playstore , etc . a factory reset now will return your device to " factory state": it will wipe all data it can . as /data is read/write , it will get wiped . /system is read-only , so it will not get wiped . this includes the pre-installed apps . your google account data have been stored in /data , so they will get wiped apps you have installed from the playstore were stored in /data , including their settings and data -- so they will be gone as well . the google account linked as you can see from above description , a factory-reset will " unlink " the connected google account . in my eyes , that is like i want to delete a file : sure , when i format the entire disk the file is gone . . . so there must be other ways which keep your data intact . at least in earlier versions of android , there was a different approach ( not sure if that still works , though ) . as a factory-reset as the " last ressort " would either delete all your personal data , it does no harm to try the following in advance : if it still works , great -- if it does not , you still can do the reset : from your homescreen , open settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps one after the other , open all google apps you can find ( gmail , playstore , gtalk , google storage . . . ) and press the " delete cache " plus " delete data " buttons . if they are greyed out , you might need to " force stop " the app first ( there is another button for that ) reboot your device if this trick still works , your account should be gone by now ; maybe even the wizard will pop-up again automatically . side effects one thing to keep in mind when changing the linked google account are your payed apps . they are bound to the account you have bought them with -- so they might stop working when that account is no longer there , and most will do so . if you no longer want to use your old account , you need to buy them again .
i have just developed an app that can save your current wallpaper to sd , share it , ect . furthermore it automatically saves a copy of each wallpaper you set , so you will get a history of all the wallpapers you have been using . my app is called wallpaper saver , can be downloaded from google play and is free ! download it here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree
/data/data/com . android . settings/files/wallpaper it a png and appears to be an uncompressed ? due to the size .
i do not know if you are still looking for this , but if so , this was the best answer ! http://www.droidiser.com/2013/08/android-wallpaper-location-how-to-extract.html
the feature i was looking for is called ( on the apps i’ve found that have it ) “auto-dismiss” . i’m trying alarm clock xtreme free , which offers this feature ; if i’m happy with it i’ll upgrade to the paid version .
there are a lot of alarm clocks around , and b"h one of them should solve your issue . i am using alarmdroid , which in its " advanced settings " has an option saying " rings max 10 minutes " ( set by default ) , and just below a checkmark for " change to snooze-mode afterwards " ( also enabled by default ) -- so you could disable snooze mode , which would solve your issue ( as the alarm would automatically turn off after 10 minutes ) . though i would prefer to have snooze mode , plus an option to say " stop the alarm after xx if the user did not respond " -- some other app may have that , or it could be requested of the developer . the argument of " shomer shabbat " may be convincing for him ( as pointing to a group of interested customers which might chose his pro version for this feature ) . edit : while searching for something else , i just stumbled upon shabbos alarm . the name alone seems to answer your question , does not it ? it allows you to . . . [ . . . ] set multiple alarms , choose which ringtones you want to ring , and set how long the alarms will ring for . it works perfectly whether you call it shabbos alarm , shabbat alarm , shabbis alarm , or any other kind of alarm for that matter :- ) did not try it out ( yet ) , but thought you might be interested to hear about . . .
you could try and change it to a black wallpaper . there is a no wallpaper app on google play , which you install as a live wallpaper . it does not take a lot of resources .
install a pitch black wallpaper on your phone . search it in google play store and install the app . then you can go to your phone 's settings , device , screen , wallpapers , choose lock and home screen , then choose live wallpapers and you will be able to display the " no wallpaper app " . if you choose just the lockscreen , you wont see the application but you can only choose from the gallery . this is what i did on my note 2 .
sometimes there may be interference from other electronic / microwave equipment . in your router / access point 's settings change the channel and see if there is any improvement . also , do not be taken in so much by the bars displayed . very often , i see only 2 bars , but in the wifi settings , i see the signal strength displayed as excellent . the other usual rules apply - place your router as high as you can . place it away from other cordless phones or electronic devices that can generate interference .
i think you are referring to a hack commonly known as " apps-to-sd " ( a . k.a. " apps2sd " or " a2sd " on some forums ) . this is where you re-partition your sd card to have an ext2/3/4 partition after the main fat32 one , and then use a custom rom/kernel combination that allow moving certain parts of os to that partition . namely , all 3rd-party downloaded apps , phone 's cache , and in some cases app data and dalvik-cache . also keep in mind that as with all custom roms and kernels , this needs to be built for a specific device , so you will need to find a rom with built-in apps-to-sd support for your specific handset . this trick does free up a portion of internal memory for use as ram . however , as with most such solutions there are many cons to be aware of . sd card needs to be re-partitioned in a very particular way ( data will be lost during partitioning , so back it up . ) speed rating of the sd card will play a large role in the system 's overall performance and stability . slower cards will cause delays in apps starting up , for example . the phone will not be able to function if you remove the sd card , since the 2nd ext partition is now used by the phone as if it was part of its internal memory . extra wear and tear on the sd card from excessive writes . unlike the eprom in flash memory , the sd cards are not really designed for many write cycles , so as time goes on you will find the card wearing out sooner than usual . device will not be as stable . you may see anr ( application not responding ) messages more often , as even the fastest sd cards are still much slower than the internal flash memory . data corruption on the sd card is a real issue , and can render your phone inoperable , requiring a complete re-flashing of the rom and loss of all data . so have recent backups always , and preferably not on the sd card itself .
i finally found the solution ( actually i even had left it behind . . . ) . sometime after i posted this question i create another folder and after a while it began to have the same problem . today i realized that both folder had one common caracteristic : they contained characters beyond the basic ascii table ( one was called " músicas " and the other , " vídeos " . when i renamed them ( "musicas " and " videos " , respectively ) , the issue was solved .
you could use widgetlocker to add your favorite world clock widget to the lock screen . you can find these widgets by searching the play store .
the wildfire s uses a microusb cable , same as the galaxy sii , it should work fine
at the top of your email you will have star , reply , forward and the 3 dots . underneath that you will have from who , then the time , and to : . on the same line where is shows ( to : ) there is arrow pointing down , click on that and it will expand and show from and reply-to full address . should have no problem seeing ending of addresses now . good luck !
it looks like you can type a few letters of domain name that you want after a space to get other addresses filtered out . in general , you can type several parts of a email address separating them by spaces to find only contacts that contain all specified parts . for example , if you have the following email addresses in your contacts : john.doe@home.com john.doe@work.com john.smith@home.com john.smith@work.com  than you can type something like john.d w or j doe w or even j d w to get only the first one in the auto completion popup .
you did not say what phone you have , or what android version , so here 's a summary . physical cables if your phone supports mhl and your tv does as well ( almost all hdmi tvs do ) , then you can connect the phone to the tv with an mhl cable . there are two kinds of cables : a standard one , and a special one for certain kinds of samsung phones . see how does mhl work ? for more details . usually , the tv mirrors the phone screen ( i.e. . it displays the same thing at the same resolution ) , but android offers apps a way to display different content on the tv screen . this is commonly used by media players and presentation apps . the oldest hdmi tvs do not support mhl , so you will need a slightly different type of adaptor to connect your phone . you can tell these adaptors because they have an extra input for an external power supply ( often a micro-usb socket ) . apart from that , it works the same way . if your phone supports slimport some phones use slimport instead of mhl , such as the nexus 4 . you can not tell by looking at the phone : both slimport and mhl use the usb-on-the-go connector . you have to know which one your phone uses . with the appropriate adaptor , you can connect your slimport phone to any hdmi , displayport , or vga input . just like mhl , once you have done this the tv screen will mirror the phone screen , or some apps can display different content . if your phone supports hdmi a few phones and tablets have mini-hdmi or micro-hdmi outputs , but this has largely been replaced by mhl and slimport . if you do have one of these outputs , you will need the appropriate cable to connect it to an hdmi input , and just like mhl or slimport , it'll mirror the phone screen , or display different content in apps that support it . chromecast if you have a chromecast and android 4.4 or later and your tv has hdmi input , then you can use that to mirror the phone screen on the tv wirelessly . plug the chromecast into your tv , and use the chromecast app to help set it up . as with mhl , android also offers apps a way to display different content on the tv screen . if you have a chromecast and earlier android versions you can still use chromecast with media player apps that support it , including youtube , play movies , and the gallery on some devices . you just can not mirror the phone display to the tv .
the handcent sms app allows for custom template messages .
the way google syncs contacts between android devices and google contacts is through their contact apis . changing a contact within google contacts will push the change ( when an account sync occurs ) to the device . the same happens when you change or delete a contact on the device . it will trigger a sync with the google contacts and update , or delete the contact . the contacts are tied to your account , so if you have multiple accounts on the device , and you sync account a and account b with contacts , changes to a contact on account a will only affect the contact tied to account a . if you have the same contact in account b , that contact will remained unchanged . so if you change the phone number in account a , that contact will now have 2 phone numbers . the number from account a , and the number from account b . you can also have contacts on the device that are not tied to a google account . these are usually saved directly on the device , or on the sim card . they are not sync'd to google contacts . changes made in google contacts will not affect these contacts , nor will changing the contact on the device affect google contact information .
slimport is not supported on the moto g ( nor is mhl ) . you can find a list of compatible devices on the slimport website .
most superuser apps do not allow adb su access by default . depending on the app you used the option may vary in location , but basically you need to go to settings in the superuser app and change it from " apps only " to " apps and adb . " this should allow you to use su in an adb shell .
i use mp3diags to fix the tags after joining the files with mp3wrap , but i am not able to check that repaired mp3 tags will allow the samsung galaxy s3 to play the file , as i do not have one to test with .
no , apps installed outside google play do not affect statistics . those apps are considered to be coming from Unknown sources , and you cannot install them if you do not manually allow ( or check ) them in Settings &gt; Security &gt; Unknown sources .
you will need to get one of samsung 's hdmi adapters . the tab 7 plus , 8.9 and 10.1 do not support the old rca adapter , to my knowledge . the page for the adapter also has a search bar where you can enter your specific device 's model number to ensure that it will be compatible . at that point , i believe it works like other honeycomb tablets in that it will simply mirror to the tv automatically after being plugged in .
there is a forum post at xda-developers which details a fairly involved and definitely for the faint at heart . however , do not follow that guide , it is included only for posterity , and there is an easier way to skin your particular cat . at this point , cue the huge disclaimer that a lot of things might go wrong when doing this , and always be sure to follow the instructions as closely as possible . when in doubt , ask . also , while this guide probably will not change much between versions of the recovery tool , always read the official documentation first and use this as a handy checklist . revolutionary whiskey tango foxtrot is revolutionary ? brought to you by the same guys that worked on unrevoked and alpharev which have been traditionally used to root htc devices , revolutionary is a new s-off and recovery tool for next-generation devices . the list of currently supported devices is here . okay , what do i need to do ? download revolutionary . versions for windows and linux are available . windows users : download and install also these fastboot drivers . when downloading , also request a beta key . select your device type , and put in your serial number . if you are running the stock rom , your device s/n should be in Settings-&gt;About Phone-&gt;Phone Identity-&gt;Device Serial Number . if you are running a custom rom , this number might not be there , so you can either check the box your device came from , or ( better ) find it on a sticker below your battery . it is a good idea to also write this down somewhere for future reference . you can find the hboot version of your device , in case there are several , by booting it into recovery mode : turn your device off , then turn it on while holding simultaneously the volume down key and the power button . the hboot version should be visible somewhere on the recovery screen . okay , now you have everything you need . make a backup of your phone . no , seriously , make a backup of your sd card and any application information you had like to keep . contacts , smses , and everything you can think of . better safe than sorry . there are free tools on the market that can help you . if you are going to install custom roms , now would be the time to copy them to the device 's sd card . extract the revolutionary archive in a convenient location on your computer , and run the executable ( revolutionary or revolutionary.exe , depending on your platform ) . connect your device to the computer . remember to enable usb debugging when doing so ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development ) . when prompted for the beta key , supply what your key , and then follow the instructions on screen ( basically , confirm a few times that you do indeed know what you are doing ) . it might take a few minutes , and your device will reboot a few times . it worked , and my phone 's not even bricked ! welcome to the club ! flash a snazzy new rom like a king , and enjoy responsibly your newly-gained privileges . some things you might want to do , though : before doing anything else , make a backup of your stock rom from the recovery mode , in case you had like to restore it later ( for example , to take advantage of the device warranty , or when selling it ) . if you are only after a root without installing a custom rom , then you will also need to install the superuser application from the recovery . if you had rather flash a custom rom , you will not need this , most roms also includes superuser as a part of their base install . for information how to install your rom of choice , consult the documentation supplied by the rom vendor .
this looks like a server-side problem to me- you might want to ask this on on stackexchange-url you really should shorten your urls server-side , because your users are most likely not going to install a separate application just to scan your qr codes . here are a few links to get you started : http://budurl.com/page/what-is-budurl http://bitly.com/pro/help#shortdomain http://yourls.org/
try scanlife qr code reader . i think it may help you .
almost all file manager apps support renaming extensions . install one from play store . some best ones are : solid explorer , es file explorer , astro file manager , root explorer .
night clock works well for me ( screenshot below ) , and there are probably plenty of others in the market . a search for " big clock " turns up a fair number of hits that seem relevant .
from the system requirements for adobe air 3: armv7 processor with vector fpu , minimum 550mhz , opengl es 2.0 , h . 264 and aac hw decoders android™ 2.2 , 2.3 , 3.0 , 3.1 , 3.2 , or 4.0 256mb of ram android web browser
sounds like a hardware problem to me , like the internal power supply . fixing would probably require a change of the logic board . if the device is still under warranty , i would just return it as defective .
you can delete this file if you have root : data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/databases/contacts.db you could also try clearing data for contacts storage ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications ) . finally a factory reset will do this , but you lose all your user apps and data as well . note : as per ryan 's comment , you will need to shut off contact sync for your accounts if you do not want the contacts to be repopulated .
well , there is this app , imaginatively entitled delete contacts interestingly , does not work on the droid . there are also , of course , some other apps in the " related " area that would appear to do the same thing .
from the home screen hit the menu button and go to settings > applications > manage applications . make sure yo are in the " all applications " tab so you see the system apps and choose " contact storage " and click " clear data " . this will delete all your contacts without disturbing anything else .
my phone is rooted . first i made sure all of my data was correct at www.google.com/contacts . then exported the data ( . csv file ) from google’s web site to my home computer for safe storage . i used the app titanium backup to “wipe data” for the apps contacts 4.0.3 and contacts storage 4.0.3 . next , waited ( approx 1 min ) for my phone to re-sync with google and all of the contacts were restored . finally , i went back into titanium backup and preformed a full back up for apps contacts 4.0.3 and contacts storage 4.0.3 .
well , after a bit of searching i have found a ( strange ) workaround . in the browser language settings add an unsupported language at the bottom of the list ( i chose faroese because i thought the chances of market support were slim ) and then restart the browser . at this point the market website will display in english for me .
add the language parameter to the end of the url : https://market.android.com/?hl=enlr=lang_en
xda has reported that the bootloader is unlocked , and custom kernels have successfully been flashed to the sgsii .
there are at least two apps which correspond with your wishes : scanthing ocr explicitly announces your request ( ocr with tts ) 1 , and also google goggles 2 seems to support it : while the former wants to be paid ( ~eur 4 ) but fully supports what you want , the latter is free -- but i am not sure whether it reads text via tts .
short answer : yes and no . using three accounts will not run the battery down in itself : by far the bigger factor is how much activity there is . to take an example , gmail uses push messages ( via google cloud messaging , gcm ) to notify your phone of new mail , so the phone does not have to repeatedly poll the server for new messages for each account . because of this , adding a new account that never gets any email will have hardly any effect on battery use . otoh , doubling the amount of email you get will have a much bigger effect , because gcm is waking up your phone twice as often . while adding a new account makes little difference on its own , you are probably adding the account because it is going to get mail , so you will end up using the battery more . the same applies to other services too . even for anything that does poll instead of using gcm , android is clever enough to do all the polling tasks at the same time , to avoid repeatedly waking up your phone . this means that checking two accounts uses a little more battery than checking one , but less than twice as much : again , the amount of work it is doing each update ( how much data it is fetching ) is a bigger factor . to address your particular situation , i would guess that the background updates on your phone are not using nearly as much battery as the foreground things you are doing . do not forget you check the battery use of each app in the device settings .
did you make a nandroid backup before your update ? if no then here is the problem and solution that i faced recently . on my walton primo g1 ( a local branded phone manufacturer is gionee ) i got an update from 4.0.3 to 4.1.1 . so as-usual i decided to update my phone . but after updating my phone i faced frequent crash and had to reset my phone to update it again . however , after this time whenever , i went to market to download anything it prompted the low device storage message . even i am using my browser and surfing on net , it freezes and gave me a notification that low memory on device . so i looked into my device storage and found only 13 mb were free on my rom . solution : so , i decided to root my phone and to use a custom rom . but after rooting when i went to root/data/data file path , i found all those apps data that i installed previously on ics rom are still there , which is about 350mb ( internal space 500mb and 412mb is user available on my phone ) . so , i just went to cwm and did wipe data+wipe cache+wipe delvic cache and re-flashed the rom . and my problem was gone . i do not know about your case here , but it seemed way like my problem . so , you can also give that a try . just wipe data , cache and delvic memory and flash your phone with the stock jb ( which you can download from the samsung website ) rom again with odin . and this should fix your issue . hope that helps
the reason this happens is that the newer versions of android will only let apps install to internal memory . on older versions ( such as gingerbread ) an app could install on the sd card or be moved there . for the newer versions of android an application can store it is data on the sd card if that is the way it is designed , but the app itself will be installed to internal storage . this is a problem i ran into a lot working for verizon and customers were not pleased , as you can imagine . outside of rooting your phone i am not aware of a good option to fix this issue .
here is what could have happened . when you went from 2.3 to 4 . + , android created user folders . so now you have all of your data in /storage/emulated/0 where it was /storage/emulated/ before . each number , is the user on the device , so if you have multiple folks using the device , they have a folder for all of their apps and stuff . now it has all the old stuff in the emulated , and all the new stuff in emulated/0 . when you look at your storage through an app , it ignores anything that is under the /0/ folder , and therefore you can not see the extra space that is being taken up . the only way that i had to deal with that was to wipe the device clean . if you are not rooted , make a backup of your photos , wipe the device , and you should see the boost in your on-board storage . source : had this happen going from ics to jb on a samsung phone . going into cwm/twrp ( do not remember which ) and deleting contents from /emulated/ solved the problem .
this could count as a good sign : there should not be such a thing as " unused ram " . linux and android in special do a good job to make the best use of it by caching things . if there is any ram not currently needed by running apps , it can be used to keep e.g. pieces of the file system for faster access -- which also helps to save battery life . once there is additional ram needed , those caches are the first things to be cleared . for more details , i recommend to take a look at the following related questions and their answers : 0 ram free on ics are there guidelines on how much free ram a phone should have ?
looks like your standard charset problem . the file 's in utf-16 and the app only supports utf-8 , or you do not have the font for the " weird " characters , etc . more than likely there is nothing you can do ; android internationalization support is pretty bad and most apps do not even try .
unless you had a back-up , it would be impossible to go back to a previous state . however , if you enabled google sync , you can still restore your contacts , calendar , and other google-syncable data . after a factory reset , you will be asked to log-in to your google account again . after which , it may ask you if you want to re-install some apps that you paid for previously . it will not install the free apps ; you may want to install them manually .
go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings , make sure that " email notifications " is checked then " select ringtone > silent " and " vibrate > for all gmail notifications " .
both the default android messaging app and the htc sense app are buggy , as far as i have heard . until they get their act together , i recommend trying another sms app and seeing if it is any better . handcent sms would be a good choice .
this seems to be a limitation of either the xperia mini pro camera software or the hardware itself . the camera that came with the stock samsung galaxy s vibrant ( sgh-t959 ) i could pause and resume recording of video . i am now running cyanogenmod on the device , and i can also pause and resume recording . so either the developers did not want to include that functionality in the camera software , or the hardware has something that prevents them from allowing it .
theres 's an app for that . see fing .
the default keyboard does not have the redo/undo features . however you can try some third-party keyboard app like ai type keyboard which have these features .
ohkay i did not found any custom rom from this specific device karbonn a5+ neither tried to cook one myself , but i learnt some facts about it , so just putting them here so that others may get some help . drivers at the said source site are compatible with karbonn a5+ , though they have been said to be of karbonn a5 at the source site . the custom cwm at the said source site is incompatible with karbonn a5+ about stock recovery - i already said it in comments , just repeating it out here : my phone is detected as w650 by adb devices command . the stock recovery provided in other video by same person is for many firmwares including w619 and w650 as it lists while running . so i tried it and it worked . however the cwm recovery seems to be for w619 only . though i still not know from where these numbers w650 , w619 came from , the internal firmware code ? i will like to know this . honestly i think this device cannot take on ics or jellybean nicely because of its low ram . so just stick to stock gingerbread - its fine . in fact i got another device which runs jellybean on 512mb ram and 1ghz dual core processor . i always feel that my old phone running gingerbread is smoother than this newer one - at least at basic swipe transitions/animations . jellybean feels bloaty/resource intensive , but is surely smoother than ics .
on xda , in the user profile of astarioth , there is a link mentioned in the " most thanked " tab : https://dl.dropbox.com/s/vprplelu9zx7s2o/kindle_fire_usb_driver.rar?dl=1 ( and this is the xda post thanked for ) . the name of the .rar archive suggests it holds your wanted drivers -- and the quote [ . . . ] uninstall your old kindle usb driver and install this one . confirms my guess : ) now , why did not you find it in your sdk directory , you might ask ? guess that is as it goes with apples and peaches . you assumed google 's android sdk -- while amazon has its own android sdk . and that line most likely referred to the latter , while you have the former installed . also only a guess -- but i would say i guessed right again ? you might want to read setting up your development environment , take a special look at the section installing sdk add-ons . if you work with eclipse , this gives you another source to get to the kindle drivers .
open whatsapp , either press the ... overflow button in the top right corner of the screen , and select Settings , or press your phone 's menu button , and then select Settings . then select Notifications , which should be the bottom option on the list at the moment , and tap Notification Tone . this will let you browse to find another sound file to use for your whatsapp notifications .
if you want to remove data of an app : go to settings , apps ( or app manager ) , tap on the app , scroll down , press " remove data "
you can try : appmgr iii ( app 2 sd ) - android 2/3/4 link2sd - android 1.6+
most apps , when they want to choose an image , use an implicit intent , which just says what they want to do , and does not specifically name the gallery app . this means that any app that can perform that action can be started , and if you have more than one , you get the chooser to choose which to launch . this is the normal behaviour . you will not get a chooser if you have previously clicked always in the chooser to set one app as the default , or if the calling app uses an explicit intent , naming the gallery app specifically . it is best to check the first case . in the device settings , go to the list of all apps , and find the gallery . click it to go into that app 's info page , then click clear defaults . if clear defaults is greyed out , then it is not set as the default for anything . if you still do not get a chooser , then it is the second case : the calling app is specifically asking for the gallery , not just for any app that can choose an image . only the author of the calling app can fix this .
nope , not at all . i use easytether pro on my evo4g , which has the gingerbread update , and i use it for my pc , and my ps3 , if im over a friends house .
it is pretty unlikely that rooting will ever cause hardware to malfunction--software maybe , but even then unlikely . in the event that you think a rooting process has caused your device software to malfunction it is advisable to attempt a full factory reset--since you had a hardware issue the device would still be malfunctioning . edit : as dan correctly notes below this is not the same as a ' factory data reset ' that you can find in the phone menu , it is more akin to flashing a stock rom including the recovery and often bootloader ( and sometimes specialized software will be required ) . it looks like the device mentioned might be oem by zte , maybe this thread would have a stock rom http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1353526 ) one thing : it might be good to know what is actually happening with the root ( maybe try to find a ' manual ' root process ) as some root procedures are more invasive/risky than others .
just from my readings , i think choosing the option to clear credential storage ( removes all certificates ) may allow swipe . even if there are no certificates , you may need to explicitly use that option to clear certificates .
it is likely you are running an emulator that has not included some of the google apis that chrome needs . when you create an avd , when you select a target and api level , you also select either " android apis " or " google apis " . it is possible that chrome needs an emulator that has the google apis included . ( maps , etc . . . ) also . . . is your emulator running as arm or intel atom x86 ? i have noticed that some downloaded apks will not run on the emulator in x86 mode . i was able to get it working using an emulator with these settings . it is not fast , but it works : pic or it did not happen : hope that works for you .
you can also do one thing . . . rather then again installing the apps on the new tablet . . . install es file explorer on your old tablet . . . goto app manager and tale backup of all apps . . and then send that folder to new device . . and without any internet connection . . install all the . apk ( application ) files your want . . ! !
yes , there is , both from the device , or using google play on a ' regular computer ' . using your mobile device open the google play store app touch the play store icon and select my apps . visit the all category . select an app you’d like to install , then touch the install button on the app’s detail page . using your computer visit your my apps page on google play . select an app to view its detail page . click the button that says install or installed and select the device where you’d like to install the app . note : when an app shows an " installed " button on its detail page , it means that the app is installed on one of the devices associated with your google account . click install .
a few things that will do you good before you start resolving this issue . this issue has been around since cm 9 and has been inherited by cm 10 . while rom manager ( and not cwm ) was the culprit some time ago , the issue has since been resolved by them . the . nomedia file you are looking for should be inside /sdcard/android/data . it may not be there but can not hurt to look for it . have a good file manager with root access installed and have it set up to search for hidden files . i recommend root explorer . okay , enough info . let 's get cracking . follow this and let me know if it resolved your issue . follow everything to the t . do not leapfrog over steps or try to do anything else before you have gone through the entire process . all the best !
as a final resort , i tried doing a full wipe and reinstalling cm10 m1 completely , without restoring any settings or apps from any old installations . the issue still persists ! any files created with my now " old " cm10 installation no longer appear , even when they are moved within a folder where other " new " files are shown and working . switching back to aokp also did not solve the issue , so the issue does not only persist over reinstalls of cm but also across roms . what finally solved this issue for me was reformatting my /sdcard partition with the newest version of cwm recovery . this might not be a very clean solution , but in my case i needed to clean up the sdcard anyway . if formatting is not an option , try the other answer posted here regarding .nomedia files , i had no success with it as i was unable to find those files .
fwiw , i had a similar problem . after installing cm10 , i could see the photos from my previous stock rom on the phone , but not from my pc when plugged in via usb . what i did was i used airdroid to download the files to my pc , delete them using es file explorer , and then re-upload using airdroid .
why do not you try quickpic . so far it is the best gallery tool i have found .
well- things have changed- as of today , all you need to do is backup the . apk files to your sd card using the backup app of your choice ( there are free ones like astro- ) and then get an app called " app installer " -- when you update the rom- you can re-install all of your apps with the app installer-- app installer has not been around too long-- i personally use titanium-- it has some good features , but it costs money . worth every cent , imho . also- you may not actually need to wipe the data and system before you update the rom--- so long as you are upgrading the rom and not switching to a different rom . ( if the chef says wipe , then wipe-- ) but a lot of times , you can get away with only wiping davlik+cache
download apex launcher-- it has full support for themes and transitions , icons , etc- for icon packs , " adw icons " is a good keyword to use- since apex will use adw icons .
you could also go with go launcher , amongst many other choices .
the launcher on the moto g is indeed almost identical to the stock android launcher - but not the google experience launcher that is seen on nexus devices running android 4.4+ .
the official xda discussion for cf auto-root ( the tool op linked ) includes the following line : note that if your device had not been unlocked before , this procedure will wipe all your data ! so to answer your question : does rooting format the /sdcard/ partition ? no , rooting alone will not format the partition mounted at /sdcard/ . when i root for the first time , or root using a tool , could this happen ? yes . when using a tool provided by a third party ( eg : not you or google ) , then you are following the steps their tool defines . when you first gain root , one of the steps involves unlocking the bootloader . this is really only necessary once , unlocking the bootloader will perform a full factory reset , erasing everything .
try clearing cache and data for the following apps under Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All ( tap on each app and then tap Clear data and Clear cache buttons where available ) : email exchange services google account manager this should clear all the accounts ( including the gmail one ) , and should allow you to add the corporate account .
to sum up the relevant information , let me quote from the q and a eldarerathis linked above ( all credits go to him , as this is from his answer there ) : a .dex file is basically a compiled bytecode version of an app that has been built for the dalvik vm which android 's apps run on . i believe it is short for dalvik executable , but i am not sure if i am remembering that correctly . an .odex file is an optimized . dex file ( hence the ' o' ) , meaning that it has basically been pre-compiled for a specific platform . the advantage to this is that startup time is much faster since the vm does not have to perform any optimizing at startup/runtime . the disadvantages are 1 ) that it takes up some extra space and 2 ) an odexed app will not run properly if it is put onto another device , and it must have the associated . odex file to run at all . when you install an app , android will ananyze the .apk and setup the device 's dalvik cache with an optimized version of its code , so the app will start and run faster ( after a factory-reset of your device , it does so for all pre-installed apps -- and after wiping the dalvik cache , which is possible from the recovery menu with most customroms , even for all user apps -- which is why the first boot takes so much longer than subsequent boots ) . however , when an " odex " is found , it would simply be copied to the dalvik cache . as eldarerathis pointed out , the .odex was built for specific hardware ( reminds me of assembly ) -- so if that " specific hardware " is not the one used by the current device , you will certainly run into trouble .
since you specifically mention twrp in your question , i will just use it as my example . note that cwm or any other possible android recovery project will also apply . it looks like there is a slight misconception at play . i will just drop a few clarifying notes here : twrp is indeed an image to be flashed . flashing twrp does not overwrite your bootloader . twrp is not a bootloader replacement - it is recovery software . it is a drop-in replacement for android 's stock open-source recovery mode , and therefore has the access needed to do things like create/restore backups root devices install official updates so the short answer is : yes ! it is indeed possible to root without overwriting the stock bootloader ! a few more notes : twrp ( and cwm recovery ) is a mature ( several years old and quite stable ) open-source project that is used by a huge portion of the android community and considered very trustworthy . flashing twrp will replace the contents of /recovery/ . you generally need to use the stock bootloader in order to select the boot-to-recovery option in order to use twrp .
yes , you can delete the stock email ( email . apk ) and stock calendar ( calendar . apk , calendarprovider . apk ) app . for a list of other apps you can delete on cyanogenmod , see the expandable list at the bottom of the cm wiki . i am not so sure for aosp though .
when i went to service center with this problem , they gave the reason that this is because of a full battery drainage . and they were correct . after recharging the battery it worked . it was unexpected . also after a few days it again showed this message but after restarting the phone it worked again . i suspect the problem has to be something related to battery or charging . its now a month i am not getting this error . i am glad that i was not able to try the above methods .
even if you move apps to the sdcard , the apps will still use space in /data/data/ this is where the user data is stored for the application . this includes things like the database , additional application specific files , other cached data . devices that do not have large a /data/data partition are very troublesome with a lot of current applications . applications like google+ , chrome , gmail ( just as a couple examples ) can use a lot of space in /data/data/ . to see if the issue is /data/data/ you can try and clear data for some applications and see if the notification goes away . not just the cache for the application , actually clearing the data .
seems you ram usage is on higher side . install xda assistant from play store and do some cleanup of your tablet . its an all in one and comes handy with lots of utility . it has : document explorer if rooted , you can remove bloatwares . ram booster wifi explorer app2sd remove programs from startup and lot more utilities in a single app . it works well when you have root permissions on your device . also i would recommend history eraser to clean any sort of cache . ** please note , i am just a user of this app not the representative of its company . **
you can check " adb shell getevent " to see which events are coming at the time of this high cpu . that may help .
i do not think this is a design feature . . . i am not able to reproduce this at all ( except for scrolling down a bit : ) . however , as the android market app is not the most stable app on the android platform , you might want to try clearing the market app cache . go to settings - applications - manage applications - select android market app - click the clear cache button . restart the market app and check if the checkbox is present .
short answer : no long answer : it is all the apps and services running in the background , some great apps i use for monitoring what is going on with the phone : system panel [ theres also a lite version , systempanellite task manager ] cpu spy betterbatterystats with those you will be able to narrow down what is causing all the battery drain also it may be wakelocks on your kernel
go to your phone settings menu . under Accessibility , click the checkbox for Power button ends call . be careful using this with bluetooth . i have accidentally ended calls because i wanted to put the phone in my pocket ; i pressed the power button ( do not want my touchscreen active : i might accidentally end the call ! ) , and the call ended .
power key end call will let you end a call by pressing the power key . this should solve your problem ; you can press the power key on any screen and end the current call .
its actually ok to install gapps , or any other zip packages ( if they are meant to be flashed ) , after cyanogenmod has been installed . you had use the install zip from sdcard option while in recovery mode ( presumably clockworkmod , if you followed cm 's install guide ) to flash the gapps zip file . then reboot your device and after that you will notice that it will take a little longer to start up with a message saying " android is upgrading " . wait for that to finish and then you will see all of the google apps installed .
first , you need a rooted device . then , have a look at this , it is maybe what you are searching for .
if you disable the Off-road mode in opera then it plays the video rather than downloading it .
install call master . create a list of important people and set actions normal . create a list for everyone and set actions to mute . create a profile and put 1st list on top and 2nd list at bottom ( the sequence matters ) . at the time of your requirement of question , just activate the profile of step 3 . the app requires root access to block calls silently , but i am not sure that root access is required to mute or not . i have not tested it on a non-rooted device . if your device is not rooted , first test it with the trial of the app available in play store .
the short of it in tasker is to create a new profile as follows : new profile : context : time from : 22:00 to : 6:30 context : state> phone call type : incoming number : c:fav ( this is any starred contact , you can also list specific contacts if you like ) task new action : audio setting > ringer volume level : 7 exit task new action : audio setting> silent mode mode : on i will try to update later with screenshots and more in depth walkthrough .
i recommend sanity which is free and open source . it has many calling-related features , such as call filtering by caller name , that you can set it to get silent when some people call you . these two features , copied from description of the app , would really help you : . . . block unwanted calls and sms : automatically refuse incoming calls and sms filtering out the phone number ( include or exclude anonymous and/or unknown numbers , favourites , contacts and groups ; enable the block by choosing date and time ) ; advanced : choose between different block methods to confuse the caller ! urgent calls : choose what phone numbers your phone will ring or vibrate also when it is in silent mode . . . .
call filter alarm appears to do that . do you use your smartphone as alarm ? do you want to choose the people who can contact you while sleeping ? if you simply leave you smartphone turned on , you risk that anybody can wake you up , or . . . you use call filter alarm ! using this innovative app , you can define all the alarms you need with the possibility to specify , for every single alarm , who can call you , shutting up all other calls / sms notifications and intelligently manage wifi activation / deactivation , data usage , offline mode . how it works : define the alarm choose who can call you ( if needed ) before going to sleep , enable sleep mode your phone will ring only for who you decided . other calls / sms will happen in silent mode and you will be able to see them as lost when you will wake up . in addition to the particular call and sms filters feature , using call filter alarm you can : intelligently manage wifi activation / deactivation , data usage , offline mode , silent mode with a single button : the sleep mode personalize sleep mode as you want set tone , volume and vibration for allowed call and allowed sms set volume , volume increment , snooze , tone ( music or ringtone ) , vibration for every single alarm in addition to application level daily alarm repetition incremental alarm volume multilanguage ( english and italian now available )
relatively new app : criticall pro ( trial version ) criticall allows you to easily set “critical” contacts so your phone will ring when those contacts call or text , even when your phone is on silent . features phone rings when critical contacts call you – even when phone is set to silent ! works for texts set as many “critical” contacts as you want scheduler - set custom times for contacts groups unlimited number of groups ( friends , family , work , clients , etc ) unlimited number of contacts within each group change settings once to change the settings for all contacts in the group customizable ringtones and notifications adjustable auto-resume feature will reactivate criticall automatically
your carrier should be able to provide the time and date even without a data connection . most cell phone towers have a gps receiver which uses the gps data to sync it is clock , and forward this to the devices when they register to the network . nowadays some towers might have a ntp sync instead of the gps but the same principle still remains . it seems to me that there is an error in saving the correct time and date on your device , which prevents the time from being synced from the carrier to your device . i would suggest a factory reset ( and/or reflash of you are on a custom rom ) .
you need to unlock your bootloader . you will need to go to the htc dev website and select your device in the menu on the right , and then follow the instructions it gives you . ( note that this might void your warranty )
it sounds like you were trying to root your phone . if this is the case , then part of that process is completely wiping your /data and /system partitions . so yes , all of your applications , pictures , music etc . are gone . i would recommend reading the documentation you have , and completing the rooting process . then sign back into google , and download all your apps from the play store again . ( from the slide out drawer on the left side , select my apps , then slide from right to left to switch from installed to all . this will show you a list of all the apps you have ever downloaded . long press on an app , then tap your way down the list , and you can mass reinstall . ) things you will need immediately after rooting : 1 ) a rom , for a beginner i would recommend cyanogenmod , but i am not sure what is available in chine 2 ) gapps , these are all the essential google applications . ( play store , play services etc . ) after you root your phone , and put a rom on it i would highly recommend buying a backup app . i use titanium backup pro , but i am not sure if it is available where you are from , you will have to do a little research . lastly , once you root your phone , welcome to the wonderful world of root . you can flash custom roms , use the xposed framework and much more . you can make your phone do tons of stuff that it could not normally do . good luck , have fun .
typically , you can reset your phone to its factory settings using this answer : stackexchange-url however , that will not work : it will only wipe /data , restoring your phone to it is factory settings , not restoring the entire rom . the reason why odin did not work is that odin only works for genuine samsung phones , with samsung firmware . you will need to get a update.zip file for your phone to flash in recovery . unfortunately , clones do not usually have these files available .
most likely because the ip address returned was only valid within the mobile network , i.e. there is a nat gateway . even if you tried connecting from another device in the same network , your carrier probably have some routing rules in place to prevent devices from communicating to each other directly . it would be neat to have a tasker profile or something where , if my phone is ever stolen , i can text my phone , making tasker enable adb listening , and reply with whichever ip address my phone is connected to , and perhaps turn off after x seconds unsurprisingly , that idea was not new , there are many stolen/lost phone app in the play market . prey and plan b/lookout , where 's my droid , etc . use those instead of trying to bend tasker for it .
opening adb on an unsecured connection is a major security risk . on an unrooted phone , it gives access to your entire filesystem . on a rooted phone , it gives access to your entire filesystem with write permissions . the connection is not encrypted and there is no password or key exchange to access adb . it is just a bad idea . beyond that , your carrier may not even allow traffic over 5555 ( the standard adb port ) , they may be proxying your traffic , or there may be other complicating factors . also , setting up ssh should not be difficult . i use sshdroid all the time . i can get a secure shell from any wifi connection , and it works great for wireless file transfer . you could set up a task to turn on sshdroid whenever the device connects to wifi and another to send you the ip . technically , you can even run it without wifi , but i generally would not recommend it , as it is still open to vulnerabilities , which would lead to problems similar to leaving adb open ( although somewhat less likely since ssh is designed to be secure ) . finally , there are a number of apps that are built specifically for locating your phone . motorola includes this feature with motoblur , which can also wipe your phone remotely . there are other free and paid alternatives that can do this as well . if your phone is actually stolen , these are going to be much better than any back door you open for yourself .
enabling gps does not actually activate gps . it just allows applications to activate the gps . so leaving the gps flag on all the time will not consume battery power unless applications activate the gps and ask for the current location .
it should not have any impact on your battery life if you do not use any gps enabled application . however there is nothing that forbids apps to use the gps in background if it is enabled . it is the case with google latitude . so if latitude is enabled it will use the gps in background in some occasions to find your location . in this case you will see an impact on your battery life . do not know of any other apps that does that .
Menu | Settings | About phone | Battery use will show you what has been using your battery . i very seldom see gps in there , unless i have been doing a lot of heavy google maps work , and even then not that much . try keeping an eye on that and see how much battery your gps is really using .
normally your battery life will be the same . only if applications start requesting gps updates the battery will be affected . the switch from the power control is just a shortcut to prohibit / allow applications to enable gps location updates .
i do not know the actual impact , since a lot of applications use the location-service ( either gps or just phone-antenna ) but you can test this by using currentwidget for example . this tool will give you the ability to log the battery usage at an interval .
have the " saved problem " on a cheap tablet that came with 4.1.1 . tried 3 different wifi networks without success : zyxel p2601hn , tomato and dd-wrt . i was about to return the tablet but , as a last resort tried connecting it to an android phone in tethering mode . that worked - so the wifi in the tablet was working ? then i tried a fourth tomato wifi router using 802.1b mode - also successful . it seems this version is picky about the wifi routers ? could it be the channel assignments - maybe some banned channels due to legislation ?
the tablet is fine , it is your router that is the problem . chances are that you are using a cheapie like a belkin or something similar . if its something that you bought from a discount store for about $35 then you are going to have issues with it with the tablet and other wireless stuff . upgrade to a real router , a high-quality dual-band one . the tablet will work without any connection problems after you do this .
i faced the same issue . after struggling for a few hours , i found the solution . login to your wi-fi router and change the wi-fi channel to anything between 5-11/13 . the problem is due to conflict of channels . ( i did google but no help . then from my experience , i figured out this solution ) one more thing , if your router allows you change data retry and rts retry settings , then change them to 128 . for some reason , at times ubislate 7c+ 's wi-fi adapter does not respond on time and the router thinks that it has gone out of coverage . so , the device does not get connected .
http://mhotspot.com/blog/fix-obtaining-ip-address-android-wifi-problem/ the above static ip solution is a workaround . the real solution involves changing file permission on a root file . fortunately , my ubislate had root access , with help of x-plore file manager , was able to change permission of dhcpcd-run-hook file to read-execute ( no write ) in the /system/etc/dhcpcd directory . works like a charm . more details in the below url http://androidforums.com/avail-all-things-root/583407-easy-real-wifi-fix-obtaining-ip-address-loop-found-me.html
i recently had this problem with my nexus 7 running kitkat 4.4.2 . i fixed the problem by rebooting my router ( netgear dg834gt )
i had the same problem with my asus tablet . everything was working fine until one day it stopped connecting . not a geek so i tried everything that you have done ( all of that ! ! ! ) and as a last resort went to my router settings and turned of the " lock " . the asus connected immediately . turned the lock back on and it still connects . the only issue i have now is that any time that i turn off the tablet or take it away from the network , i have to go through the same process as before . tell me if that works through this website .
why that complicated ? there is no xprivacy or other tool required to prevent your device from syncing contacts with google . it is rather a question of your settings : if on account creation you decided to " backup your data with google " , you might want to re-consider this , as this might include more personal data than just your contacts in settings→accounts and sync you can define what should be synced with your online accounts ( not restricted to google ) . switch off what you do not want to be synchronized . in your contacts app , you can chose the " default storage " . using something other than " google " here would also keep new entries from being sync'ed with google . note , however , that you cannot move existing entries between the several possible storages directly ; you might need to export them , remove them , and ( after switching your default storage ) re-import them . btw : same applies to your calendar . except there i do not know of any export/import feature in the calendar app , so for this part you probably need a 3 rd party app .
if you want to save new message as draft , it works the following way : open hello sms and click on '+' button . type in your contacts and your message in their respective fields . you can exit app by pressing either ' back ' button or ' home ' button . both way it handles the draft . now when you again open app , just click on '+' button and you will have your previously entered contacts and your message body in their respective fields . update : if you want to save multiple drafts , it works the following way : open thread of the recipient to whom you wanna send text and type in your message . you can exit app and when you return again , just open respective recipient 's thread and you will find your draft message . you can have multiple drafts for multiple contacts in their respective message threads .
" notification mode " refers not to the notification bar , but the notification sounds . if you turn it off , then notification sounds will be off . notifications in the notification bar will still show . some notifications still vibrating : sounds like the app developer implemented manual vibration instead of using notification settings .
i do not really know a real solution for your problem , because i cannot remember when i had to accept that ( too long ago ) . but i have some suggestions you could try : try to wait , maybe there is some kind of interval before the button appears try to use the menu option , maybe there is a menu option for accepting the tos ( i doubt it though ) contact samsung support , maybe they have already encountered this problem before
try launching it and waiting a bit - eventually , it should turn into google play and you can accept the terms fine .
this is a little bit strange , what you are writing , because i have exactly the same Samsung Galaxy Tab GT-P1000 right here , with me , and i see absolutely no problems . i just did a factory reset of this device , to test your issue . i taped on Market icon . tabled asked me to provide my google account details , what i did . right after that i saw license text and buttons to accept and decline , in the bottom of the screen . note : these buttons are not in the end of license text , instead they are always floating on the screen , so you can always see them , no matter , where in the license text you are . after clicking Accept my tablet automatically updated Market icon to Google Play icon and shown me on-screen information about this change . i have been doing this ( factory reset , license acceptance and Market to Google Play update ) at least few times and have never encountered problems , like you described . if you still unable to see that Accept button or access Market / Google Play service , then i fear that factory reset of your device is the only option you are left with .
i believe it is related to this issue : onsignalstrengthschanged returns unknown signal strength where android return wrong strength on galaxy s2 .
no , there is no common shortcut to close/exit any program . the " android way " is to let the os decide when to actually close/exit an application . just hit the " home " button or the " recent apps " buttons to switch to another application when you are done with the current application , or tap the physical power button to turn off the screen . the os will take responsibility for deciding when to suspend and when to terminate a background application . it generally does a good job of this , but some people cannot stand this behavior and so install task manager applications to explicitly terminate background applications .
if you pull down the context menu from the top , and select the notification that it is plugged in with the usb device , you should be presented with different options for how you want the phone to treat your usb connection . select the media device ( mtp ) option and you should now be able to browse the files on your phone just like you would any other usb data device .
you can transfer music to your device using windows media player on windows 7 and windows vista . connect your device to your pc using the supplied usb cable . on your galaxy s3 , go to Settings &gt; Developer Options &gt; USB debugging . open windows media player and click the sync tab on the right . your device should be shown in the sync screen . drag the music tracks you want to sync to your device to the sync list on the right . when you have added all of the tracks , click the start sync option at the top of the screen . when the synchronization is complete , you can disconnect the cable from either your computer or your device . source .
i had a cable which worked well ( charge and data transfer ) until the upgrade to jelly bean 4.1.2 . since the upgrade it will not work and i have to change the cable to labelled data transfer only , so i suggest trying a different cable .
i had the same problem with the phone not being recognised by pc . i tried everything ( uninstalling , usb cable , debugging , kies etc , etc ) . it finally worked after turning off phone and taking out battery ! could not believe it ( but happy now ) .
a few days after i got the android 4.1.1 ota update and rooted it my galaxy s3 failed to recognize the usb connection . removing and then reinstalling the battery allowed my galaxuy s3 to recognize the usb connection . the android file transfer still did not work until i uninstalled kies . now it is working . i appreciate the posts .
this will not help the op , but may help others . i had the same problem , no help with battery removal/power cycling or developer mode usb debugging , etc . finally realized i was using a third-party usb cable ( freebie from costco ) . when i used the samsung cable from the box , it started working again . costco cable still does not work .
i tried a different usb cable and it all came together and started working .
what seems to work for me is ticking the usb debugging box in the developer options . i have been trying all sorts of tricks ( including some of the above , and more ) , but nothing helped . this one does ! hope this will solve your problem . . .
from within jb , unplug cable from handset and follow this : go into settings > about phone scroll down to the bottom now tap on the build number 7 times , to activate the developers options . now the developer 's options is activated ( it is deliberately hidden from settings ) , back out of that screen , developers options should be present , then tap that , look for debugging , tap on usb debugging to put a check-mark on that . then try plugging in the usb cable to handset . . . : ) addendum : even if the usb debugging is selected , un-select it and re-select it . this worked for me .
i have had the same problem with my s3 ever since the update to jb 4.1 . my pc would not recognize my s3 and the phone would not go into the usb debug mode only charging indicator when i plug the usb into the phone . i have solved mine by erasing all cache for apps . not sure which app it was but right after i cleared all my cache i plug it into the pc and it started working again . kies works and usb debugging works .
oh , and something else . . . the " developer options " is not hidden in settings . i found it plain as day listed in the settings menu when i clicked on " more options . "
i just had the same problem tonight . all of a sudden my pc would not recognize my s3 when i connected via the usb . i tried the usb debugging first and restarting . . . did not work . i popped the battery out and restarted , and the usb icon showed up . hope that helps . thanks for all the helpful troubleshooting ; )
i had the same issue and removing my battery and power cycling the phone allowed the computer to recognize it again .
have you checked permissions on your machine ? i have had problems accessing my device over usb because of permissions when i connected a device over usb to a linux box .
here 's what worked for me . i do not know what caused it , but i suspected an exchange server policy triggered it . i deleted those accounts just in case . then i rebooted into recovery mode ( volume up + home held down at boot ) . from the recovery menu , i wiped the cache partition . when it came back up , it saw the usb connection just fine again .
i had this problem after updating as well . i can only presume it was from updating ; i had no issues earlier . my problem was the usb ports on my keyboard and the front panel of my pc would not recognize my s3 . so , i plugged it into the back , and it reinstalled the drivers . it works fine now ; not sure how or why but who am i to argue .
if you have not figured it out by now . the easiest way to fix this is to power your phone down , remove the battery , wait about 30-60 seconds , then put the battery back into the phone . i have had a similar issue and this has fixed it just about every time .
open the camera app and press the button that looks like a camera with a circular arrow under it . ( original picture from this article about ics on thetechlabs.com )
i found that if you install another reading app , then when you open an epub it will offer the choice of reading apps and you can pick the default one " reader " . you can then delete the extra reading app .
i am afraid this is not possible , at least with the builtin apps . all of the sync profiles are client-side , and can not act as sync servers . furthermore , normal android phones do not support ad-hoc wifi connection , so you had need to connect through a router or possibly with bluetooth . some of these can be achieved manually over bluetooth , such as sending photos and contacts , but you had have to manually select which files to send . for photos , go to Gallery , select the photos you want to send , and tap the Share icon and select Bluetooth . after this you need to select the other device , assuming it is paired . a similar menu should be found in your Contacts app .
there is an Android app called bump in the market , that can do what you asked for . you need to make sure that the receiver has the app on his phone as well , and then you are good to go ! . it is an app based on NFC and it can used for transferring contacts , photos and even web pages . hope this helps .
have a look at http://www.fjsoft.at/en/ i gave found it works well , and its easy
applications normally store their data in /data/data/com . foo . bar but you will not have access to that via adb on an unrooted device , by design . i do not think there is a way around that without rooting the phone .
that is a broad topic , and hard to answer in short -- as it involves many aspects . as devofzot already pointed out , apps store their " private data " below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; -- a place usually only accessible by the app itself and root . but there are some other places as well , where apps e.g. save their cached data , temporary data , downloads , and more . some good places to start your investigation include : the file-system tag-wiki plus most frequented file-system questions , including questions like e.g. where in the file system are applications installed ? where on the file system are sms messages stored ? highest voted " processes " questions , with things like e.g. how to find application that is opening proccesses is there a way to list all intents and all processes associated with them ? how to find pid of battery service ? why is google maps always running in the background ? the shell tag-wiki and its most frequented questions , like e.g. how can i use shell commands and interact with the linux system underneath ? how can i run a script on boot ? where can i find documentation for shell commands ? as you can see , here at android enthusiasts ( and on other stacks as well ) , tags are a good place when looking for general information : from the navigation bar on top , follow the tags link . on the page that leads you to , you can filter the pretty long list to find those tags which might be of interest to you . move your mouse over the tag-of-interest , and from the popup select " info " . this brings you to the wiki of the corresponding tag , which often contains first-aid and other useful information . from there , use the navigational links to discover most-frequented , highest-rated , and otherwise sorted questions using this tag . you will easily find your way from there , using further links -- be it " amazon-style " links like " questions tagged this were also tagged that " , related questions ( automatically selected by our friendly droids -- ahem , robots ) , or questions manually linked by users . enjoy your research ! btw : if you want to dig even deeper , a good book is andrew hoog 's android forensics and mobile security . it not only explains file structures and how apps work , but also shows weeknesses , attack vectors , and more -- using good examples and a linux vm : )
make sure your default text-to-speech engine is picotts ( from settings ) . install and start a sound recording app ( there are many in play store ) . send it to background and use speaking pad .
it is a hardware fault and it may be unlikely you will find one without it i have only seen one that did not have the issue and it was an early sample . returned several myself then got my money back samsung should issue a public statement about this as the camera part of the phone is not fit for its purpose with this fault . probably best to get your money back and wait until samsung come clean about what is going on with this issue . if you do decide to get a different phone with an 8mpix camera do check it out before buying as it could be to do with the sensor supplier and the same sensor may be used in other phones
i have the same problem here in brazil . last year , i bought a galaxy s , and the photos had that red color in the center . i went to the store and exchanged it for another one , which had the same problem . i went to the store and returned it . i decided for an iphone 4 . now , i got bored with iphone 4 and this week i bought another galaxy s , it has the same problem ( red color in the center of the photo ) , but i decided to keep it anyway . for what i see in your post , the red color is a general problem . i just don’t understand why the samsung has not already corrected that problem . i have made some tests with the camera , and noticed that the problem occurs in low light conditions , especially under incandescent light , but outdoors the picture is normal . maybe the problem could be correct by some software or an update for samsung . i looked over in the internet and didn’t find any solution . so , if somebody knows a solution , please post it here .
i would take the phone to where ever you bought it from and have them take a look at it . it is most likely some sort of hardware issue that they will be able to take care of .
i use appmonger by rectangular software and i love it . there is a widget that can report sales right on the home screen . the app costs like $4.00 but it is well worth it . the developer updates the app on a regular basis and is good about giving support via email if needed . also if bugs are reported , there is a pretty good turn around for the fix . there are different time spans that you can select to get reports for . you can get reports for all apps or specific apps . some information that is supplied is : daily revenue/units sold revenue/units sold by product revenue/units sold by country revenue/units sold by day of the week revenue/units sold by hour of the day order statuses orders list
try removing ( uninstalling ) custom apps you installed in batches , and using the phone for a day or two . also try removing sd card if you have one . sometimes sd card causes this , either because of faulty connection with the card or because it makes the connection to battery lose . it is a slow method and requires patience , but is bound to work .
i have had the same problem with my samsung galaxy s and the australian samsung ho say there is nothing wrong with the phone . i have been trying to get it fixed since july , but they will not do anything to fix it . i think there is a fault in the phone that makes the screen freeze over - only thing you can do is turn it off , take the battery pack and sim card out , then completely reboot it . i reckon the screen is going to die .
i believe this issue has to do with installing a rom over another one without wiping . my particular rom is apex 9.3 . according to the associated xda forum thread , freezing problems with this rom have been solved by " a complete wipe including formatting sdcard , system , cache and data when flashing 9.0" . i have done so , wiping the data and cache in recovery mode , reinstalled the rom , and i have gone a week without a severe lockup ( severe meaning i have to restart the phone to get out of it ) . i have had an occasional 5 second freeze or so , but that is it . update : still had issues with freeze-ups . turned out it was the rom . went to a new rom and have not experienced freezes .
try quickpic .
i think your question could be worded better as it seems to ask a couple of questions . google books are filed as cryptic alphanumeric ids , and they seem to be html type files it makes it more difficult than with most other book types . finding books on your device is very easy , use an explorer like file expert or astro ( both are free , however astro 's search function is better ) which contain a search option . you will probably have to use multiple searches depending on how many different types of ebooks you have on your sd card - i know i have epubs , mobi , prcs , pdf , txt and doc files . if you are looking specifically for just your google books then as long as you have set to store them on the sd card they will be under the following path - storage card/android/data/com . google . android . apps . books searching contents of books within google books - you can not from the library or app itself , unless you are already in the book - in which case press menu and then use search . however due to the nature of google books you could probably do this much quicker via the website . with other book and file types you could try astro 's search within text - might just pull up what you are looking for as i have had this work on some txt and doc files .
there should be an option to remove non-primary google accounts if you go to settings -> accounts and sync -> ( the google account ) , tap the three-dot menu in the top right corner and select remove account .
yes , on august 3rd 2012 google listen was discontinued and is no longer available on google play . if you already have it , it will continue to work , but on november 1st 2012 , the podcast search will cease to work . this project was very limited in functionality anyway . there are other apps out there that are updated and actively worked on . i think the last time google listen was updated was a couple months after it came out in 2009 . a lot of the podcast apps out there now can make use of the " listen subscriptions " folder that is in google reader . this is where google listen stored your subscribed podcasts . i continue to use reader to store my podcasts in this location , then i import it to the player on my phone .
when you tap google in your accounts list , the first option shows your user mail . tap that and you will see a list of services which are getting synced . untick contacts and make sure gmail is checked .
to make tasker work with nfc , you can use a nfc plugin : locale nfc plugin does work with tasker ( according to the app description , and as generally locale plugins do work with tasker ) , and should enable you to do what you have described .
you can create the task in nfc launcher , install autoshortcut ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.joaomgcd.autoshortcuthl=en-gb ) and then you can call the nfc launcher task within tasker via the plugins> autoshortcut> configuration> run task . i just got my unrooted note 2 setup to disable powersaving when on usb power and enable it again when i unplug it :- )
add and hl=pl to the end of the url . ( so it becomes https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.touchtype.swiftkeyhl=pl ) this will force the play store to change to polish entirely , and display the polish version of the site , not just the translation . ( works for all google sites , and all languages ) it will remain in polish until you close the page or tab .
google play services is a library used by other google and third-party apps . it allows apps to use : google maps layers to show maps in other apps google+ sign-on and sharing the new google+ gaming functionality for match-making , leaderboards , and to store saved games " in the cloud " google cloud messaging to sync data from the internet to your device efficiently location services to set up " geo-fences " so they can respond to locations and activities more efficiently than if they accessed your location directly it is a lot of functionality that could have been made part of android itself , but making it a separate library allows google to update it directly , so app developers can rely on it being up-to-date on every device : unlike android itself , which some manufacturers and carriers do not bother to update for older devices . if you were to remove it , any apps that rely on it would stop working or behave unpredictably .
multi-user was added with android 4.2 -- you are running 4.0 , so there is no native way to go multi-user without upgrading your system . if you have your device rooted , you might want to take a look at switchme multiple accounts , which works with android 2.1 and up . with android 4.1 , you could make use of the user management app . both would enable you to have a multi-user feature on your device .
you can use a Variable Split action with a splitter of / to get the pieces , then use %VAR(&lt;) to get the filename . if the fact that the full filename is in an array already gives you problems , copy the array element into a non-array variable first . from your comments , it sounds like you have this code : it is probably not a good idea to use %files as both the " variable " and the " items " portion of the for loop . try using %file for the variable , then replace all references to %files inside the loop with %file . please correct me if i have not captured your code correctly .
i just used the replace function but left the replace string blank . i chose to replace the directory path with nothing and that left me with an array of filenames .
what application do you use to enable quiet mode ? is it standalone application or a system app ? if it is a standalone application then you could try turning off notifications for that app however note that this will disable all notifications coming from the app , not just the silent one .
disabling google hotword detection fixes this issue in 4.4.4 .
i guess you use gel ? if so , it is because of it listening to " ok google " . turn off " hotword detection " in gel voice settings and you will be fine .
are your headphones defective or have a weak spot ? you can try a couple of things , such as testing this on another android device . it could potentially be the rom and its ability to detect headphones properly while doing different things ( multi-tasking in a sort of sense ) . what you can do is go into settings and turned motion off . sometimes it can sense movement and such and it'll pause accordingly . i will look into this more but into l your next response , this is what i have to say . update it is probably an android 4.2.2 issue . you can downgrade , wait for an upgrade or perhaps install the 4.3 kitkat rom . other options are trying newer/older versions of the google play music software .
it turns out this is a known issue and there is a patch .
i think its possible , but you will need to read the datasheets and the pinouts for the ribbon cable and the vga that is if you want to make it yourself . . otherwise , i think you can purchase a ready made one from the shops e.g. ebay . here are a couple of links that might help : http://forums.bit-tech.net/showthread.php?p=1888439 http://www.ebay.co.uk/sch/i.html?_kw=vga+ribbon+cable then you can purchase a vga to hdmi convertor cable .
it is Download mode you boot the device into to use Odin . i have included a bit more info if you wanted anything deeper . see this post " what is download mode " as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example . you can boot into recovery mode also to use your recovery to make backups , wipe data , flash roms directly on the device . xda wiki on android recovery and here is a short extract . recovery is stored in a disk partition separate from the main android partitions ( boot/kernel , root/system ) . it contains its own linux kernel , separate from the kernel of the main android system . because of separate kernel+recovery_apps , the device is able to boot into the recovery mode even if the main system is broken , allowing the user a set of tools to fix the device . the recovery is completely independent of the android system . see here for the cyanogenmod wiki on fastboot and an extract : fastboot is a small tool that comes with the android sdk ( software developer kit ) that can be used to re-flash partitions on your device . it is an alternative to the recovery mode for doing installations and updates . because fastboot mode can start on your device even before android loads ( and can even run when android is not installed at all ) , fastboot mode is useful for updating the firmware quickly , without having to use a recovery mode . in fact , it is frequently the preferred way to initially install the recovery image on many devices . fastboot can also be used for developer operations like unlocking the bootloader of google 's nexus devices .
i have had that problem too . i have just power cycled the device , which always fixes it , which leads me to believe it is software . i have it set to show touches , and it would either not show the touches , or they would show up after a delay . to determine if it is software , look to see if it happens at roughly the same time everyday , or after running specific software , then it is most likely software related . i have turned on " show cpu usage " , which is only mildly invasive , and should be sufficient to show if cpu utilization spikes when responsiveness issues come up .
mine started the same way until one day the touch screen would not respond at all . the buttons worked but that was it ! i could not do a thing . i believe one of my pets ( a heavy cat ) who to my horror loves to lie on top of warm things may have done something to the sensors . that is just my speculation . since it was only 4 months old , i was able to get an rma from asus and got it back with all it is software and data intact in 3/4 weeks . the only thing is that they make you pay for the shipping which i find a bit cheesy but it was not much . i hope yours is still under the one year warranty . if not i would open it up ( there are videos on youtube ) and try to see if something came loose . good luck .
you can try to diagnose the problem yourself , or at least get a little more info by turning on a couple of developer diagnostics . in settings , scroll down to developer options . under the " input " section , check " show touches " . this will cause a small ( white ) circle to show on the screen where ever you touch it . if you do not see the circle ( which might be under your finger , so look carefully ) , you know it did not register your touch . if you see the circle lagging , then you know it registered your touch and is just being slow for other reasons . under " monitoring " , you may want to turn on " show cpu usage " and " strict mode enabled . " " show cpu usage " will show you what is running as a little overlay in the top right of the screen . the top line of the display shows the system cpu load . see this excellent write up of what the load numbers mean . if the load is high , your little nexus-7 " strict mode enabled " will " flash screen when apps do long operations on the main thread . " if your screen flashes , then you know something is hogging the cpu .
its hard to tell if it is infact hardware or software . since it is happening at certain intervals my guess is hardware . if it is happening with a certain 3rd party application you should have nothing to worry about . also , have you upgraded the latest version of jelly bean ? if so and the problem is still persisting i would recommend returning it and getting a replacement as i have never encountered any issue with touch sensitivity . the nexus 7 's capacitive touch screen is supposed to be incredible sensitive as just by meerely touching it should register a tap .
many android phones come packed with useless software preinstalled by the device’s manufacturer and your cellular carrier , this is called " bloatware " . software vendors usually pay to pre-install lite versions of their products on the new devices to promote their work . on the other hand , it may happen that apps already installed are useful and selected based on usage statistics . there is no bulletproof method to ascertain if the device as been used before , but the physical appearance , the protective plastic on the glass and camera , the packing , etc . . . all should give you a concrete idea about the device usage .
this depends on the manufacturer of the device the provider where you bought your device . the manufacturer pre-installs some applications . also the provider may pre-install some applications . so this does not depend on the android version but on the manufacturer and/or provider .
t-mobile support page contains a thread that covers your issue : sim unlock your phone last updated on : jul 3 , 2013 2:43 pm if you purchased an eligible device , the device has been programmed with a sim subsidy lock that will prevent the device from operating with other compatible wireless telephone carrier’s services . if you wish to use the device with the service of another wireless telephone carrier , you must enter a numeric sim subsidy unlock code to unlock the device . understanding sim unlock requirements as an active or former t-mobile customer , you may request a phone unlock . t-mobile will unlock your phone ( as long it is not reported as lost , stolen , or blocked ) if : you have purchased your device from t-mobile or an authorized t-mobile dealer and activated it on t-mobile service ; you have postpaid service , have not requested an unlock code in the last 90 days ; you paid for your device in full ; your account is in good standing ; you have a minimum of 40 consecutive days of active postpaid service since purchase ( or for prepaid service , have used your device within the past 60 days ) ; you are under a 24-month service contract , you have made monthly payments for at least 18 consecutive months on your plan or have paid a migration fee for the device ; certain exceptions may apply please call customer care for details ; you are on a prepaid plan , you have had more than $50 in total refills on the device ; you are a former customer , your account balance is zero and you did not port out a line associated with the device during the buyer’s remorse period ; you provide proof of purchase if t-mobile is unable to verify purchase . note : exceptions to some or all requirements may apply in certain circumstances , including for military personnel and business and government accounts . if you qualify for the above list , give them a call and they will help you out ! success case : a user from xda developers forum answered to a problem similar to your own , you can read about it here : i just unlocked mine a few days ago . if you meet the requirements you should be fine , http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-1588 i bought my phone from ebay from a guy in florida ( i am in ny ) , i had it on my account for a few months . so i had no reciept or anything , or history of the phone . when i called they asked for my phone number , account passcode , the phones model name and imei . then i gave them my email , and recieved the code via email in about 24hrs . so it was pretty painless and free . alternatives : there is a xda developers thread with lots of users claiming to have successfully unlocked their devices either by changing their imei or by means of truth manipulation : answer #4: yup . i got mine unlocked through t-mobile for free . just tell them that your going to travel during soon or something and they will give you a pin in about 15 days . answer #10 : fwiw i have successfully sim unlocked my t-mobile galaxy blaze at the cost of erasing the imei ! the step by step is found here : turn off the phone . insert a sim from another provider into your phone . click " dismiss " on the enter unlock code screen after the phone starts up . wait a minute for the phone to power on and settle down . go to the dialer screen . enter *#197328640# the screen will change to the hidden menu as soon as you hit the last # key in the dailer press 1 debug screen press 8 phone control press 5 simulation press 6 network lock press 3 perso sha256 off wait exactly 30 seconds press the menu key on the phone and select back option . this will take you back to network lock screen . press 4 nw lock nv data initialliz wait exactly one minute and reboot the phone . your phone should be unlocked . i tried this on t-989 uvle1 original rom with root on . i have not tested it on any other version or roms or any other phones . disclaimer : i am not responsible for anything you do with your phone . read the entire thread here .
i used ultimate simlock code generator to unlock my phone .
wifi only tablets fit your requirement of " no calling facility " but they have sound and some have camera . google is coming up with project ara , here is the link http://www.projectara.com this project specifically targets people who wants to customize their mobile phones just like " assembling components in desktop pc " . for example:- if you want to remove the camera , you can simply remove that particular module alone . but android might not be compatible with such configuration as of now . may be in coming months , probably in a year or two you might be able to do all that . in some countries they have managed to remove google services and install their own yandex , nokia has done the same with one of their models , amazon has done something similar with android .
" i do not want any app to get installed on it . . . " technically this is impossible , since there are system apps like SystemUI and framework-res that android needs to actually function . but if you are talking about non-essential apps only , then perhaps you can delete them with root . go to /system on a file manager that supports root , e.g. x-plore and root explorer , and delete the apps that you think are safe to delete . be careful though , as those apps are on the /system partition and not /data for a reason . your phone might become unstable after this . the list of safe apps varies per manufacturer , but remember , google is your friend ! good luck .
you could consider using an app locker , e.g. smart applock ( app protector ) . photos are taken by the camera app , regardless of whether you invoke it from the app drawer , a shortcut , widget , or via pressing the camera button . so if you lock the camera app ( and the playstore app , so the user does not simply install an alternative camera app -- also make sure to disable unknown-sources and lock the settings app ) , only somebody knowing the password/pattern you have set up to protect those apps can use them . explanation : while blocking access to the camera app , this does not affect the barcode scanner . the barcode scanner for sure accesses the camera hardware , but not the camera app : the latter would not know what it aquires ( just that it focusses on " something " , but it is not recognizing what this " something " is and so would not know whether it aquired a barcode correctly ) . you can also verify this by checking the permissions the barcode app asks for : its permission list will for sure include Hardware controls: Take pictures and videos , which means it accesses the hardware directly . for accessing it via another app ( e . g . the camera ) , it would not need this permission but rather call that app via an " intent " ( see : what is intent in android ? ) , so that called app would do the intended action .
call recorder by developer named skvalex is one such application . you may need to install alsa mixer as well , depending on your device or kernel .
if you have root , then its a simple matter of remounting the system partition as read-write and try copying the swiftkey 's apk into /system/app , then remount the system partition again , it will then appear as a system application . then on first run , it will re-create the libs etc in the respective /data partition .
as you have root , all you have to do is find the swiftkey apk file using a file manager such as root explorer , and then cut it to the /system/app directory . once this is done , go into Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All-&gt;Swiftkey after rebooting , and select the clear data option . it should not work without force closing .
first , go to to root folder then go to "/data/data/.com.android.swiftkey" then copy the " lib " files to "//system/lib " and after that , go to root then "//data/app " and copy the " swiftkey " apps file to //system/app and restart your phone . after rebooting open titanium backup , find swiftkey and wipe data . done . it wont force close again : )
you are running cm10 in your phone . so its rooted . you can restrict mobile data usage with some exceptions for specific apps by an app called droidwall fro playstore . this app is seful to specify which apps can use mobile data and which cannot .
number of icon to show on status bar depends on programmer how he wrote that status bar application code . we really can not do much here . you should be contacting customer support of developers of cyanogenmod 7.1 they might consider your request and change it to your needs .
assuming all other tablets are of identical model to the original , it should be as easy as rooting them , installing cwm , and then restoring the nandroid backup you made with the original one . keep in mind that nandroid utility does not back up the contents of the sd card . if duplicating the sd card is also required , that would need to be done separately .
clearing downloads will only clear it from the list of downloads . to delete files that have been cleared from the list , you would need to do so directly from the sd card 's download folder , either with your computer or using a file manager like astro .
i do not know that there is a definite way to answer this . it would be almost entirely dependent on how exactly the app was attempting to infect your phone and how successful its attempts were . in the simplest case , maybe the app is sniffing data or something of that sort . for that case , uninstalling would basically remove the threat since the app would be gone . nothing is left behind when you uninstall , including the /data directories for the app . slightly more complex would be an app that put a malicious payload somewhere on your system 's publicly writeable storage . in that case removing the app would not necessarily be enough , depending on what exactly the payload did and how it was designed . uninstalling could potentially cause the malicious code to become inert on reboot since the app may need to fire up a service on boot , but that is hard to say . formatting your sd card and doing a factory reset would probably clean it up in its entirety . the most nefarious case would be an app that gained elevated privileges on your device , either through an exploit or effective social engineering in which you grant access yourself . in that case a factory reset would not necessarily be enough , since the entirety of the /system partition would be unaffected . if the app were to stick a payload on /system then the only way you could really be sure you are clean is if you completely wiped all of the internal memory of the device and then reinstalled a new rom , i would say . even worse would be if it somehow managed to write a malicious bootloader or something of that nature , since in some circumstances it is possible to write to the bootloader partition from userspace ( given proper permissions ) .
i am answering my own question . the original email configuration still exists on the phone , but it cannot be accessed via the " email " app . accessing the " email " app will just prompt you to add the account again ( along with other account types like facebook , twitter ; then it denies you stating that it already exists ) . instead click on the " messaging " app and then you will see the " disappearing " email account in addition to " universal account " and " text messaging " . select the original account and edit the account properties . on the account properties page you can " remove account " . by removing the account you can then go and add it again successfully . i have heard that others are doing a hard reset which is not necessary .
i had the same issue . i created a new folder and moved a file that end with a non media format , in my case a . bin file i downloaded and then i unmounted my sd card and then remount it and then used the app rescan to kick media scan opend gallery and it was all there . i did all that you did and then some . did not even reboot . just create a new folder at the root of my external sd card named dloads and look for anything that could be consider a system file like . bin . ini . nomedia and so on , only file was my router system setting back up i did gatewaysetting . bin and moved it . left all other like pdf files , mp3 , picture , gifs and so on .
i also found this issue for 2 days . i usually like to have both quickpic and gallery . as i like gallery slide show . for other features i prefer quickpic . but for last 2 two days it stuck at less num pictures . so i tried clear cache/data of app and media scanner . that b'com even worser . i end up with no image shown . i fixed the problem by renaming the DCIM folder to something else , say DCIMM . then i started gallery and all the images showed up . after that , i could rename the folder back to DCIM and everything was fine .
this trick did not work for me . so , i did what the system should have done with the . nomedia file present . i moved all of my photos to a hidden folder ( with a . before the name ) and removed the dcim folder . then , i looked for all instances of the . nomedia file ( root explorer helped ) and deleted them . rebooted the phone . started gallery . waited for 10 minutes . voila ! gallery showed every little image file that was on /sdcard . to remove the files that i did not want to see , i copied the . nomedia file from a random system folder and pasted it into all the folders that i did not want indexed . strangely though , moving even one of the original /sdcard/dcim/camera files from the hidden folder into the current camera folder took gallery down . stranger that this also made the internal storage show a blank window when i connected the phone to my laptop . almost positive that this has to do with jellybean creating a /storage/sdcard0 folder that is linked to the older /sdcard folder . looking it up and will post updates if i find any . update : the same trick works for paranoid android 's jellybean roms ( even the latest 2.13 ) for the galaxy nexus . something to do with the dcim folder and how it is handled by media storage . a linux-geek friend of mine confirms this has to do with the /sdcard0 symlinking . although , why we need something like that is beyond my limited knowledge of the os .
this behaviour is not uncommon , sadly . i use sdrescan to fix it usually . here are some other questions targeting the same underlying problem : the music player keeps displaying deleted songs . how do i remove them or refresh the library ? picture gallery slow and won&#39 ; t refresh on htc g2 w android 2.3 gingerbread
this may no longer be relevant since voice is being replaced by hangout , and you can only make video calls with hangout . you could look into using a google voice number with a voip client , like groove ip , to make calls . this is a great tutorial if you need some help getting started .
i am using ezpdf reader , and it has the features you need . but i do not know what you mean by open source . maybe free ? if yes , ezpdf reader has a paid and a somewhat reduced ( but not free ) lite version .
adobe reader x for android v10.3 now supports annotation , highlights and commenting . it is not open source , but it is free to the end user . there are currently no open source android pdf utilities that have worthwhile annotation features . this wiki page at the university of massachusetts boston lists several open source android pdf viewers , with links : http://howto.wikispaces.umb.edu/pdf+annotation+with+android ( i can not post a reply containing more than two links , my apologies . )
in the dialer in stock ics and jellybean it only uses the following : pause : ' , ' - pauses then sends the remaining digits wait : ' ; ' - waits for you to confirm sending of the remaining digits .
nope . not possible . only recognized or devices signed by sony can be used for pairing with the ps3 . i do not think you can use any bluetooth headset . there are specific ones made for ps3 .
yes , you can use it as a headset . just make your own app , and make its settings the same as the headset . i made one for my lg p690f .
is your phone rooted ? blueputdroid works with rooted devices only ( if you are prepared to root your device then this maybe achieveable with this app ) according to this article entitled : how to remotely control your ps3 with android blueputdroid apps guide written by ehsan on feb . 27th 2011 . http://topbestfreeapps.com/how-to-remotely-control-your-ps3-with-android-blueputdroid-apps-guide/ however checking the list of supported devices yours is not supported : unsupported devices ■samsung moment ■samsung galaxy spica ■samsung galaxy s ( this includes captivate , vibrant , epic 4g , fascinate , showcase , mesmerize , continuum , k , u or any other variant of the galaxy s series devices , but excluding nexus s , which doesn’t have samsung’s software , and which works ! ) ■samsung galaxy tab ■htc eris ■htc incredible ■htc desire/hd ■htc desire z ■htc legend ■htc hero ■htc magic ■htc evo 4g ■htc aria ■htc/t-mobile mytouch 4g however this article was published in early 2011 , almost two years ago , so maybe it is now supported . the article does in theory provide partial insight into what you want to achieve ! i believe the article i mentioned in the comments above is more tailored to your needs however
thanks to an app that turns an android phone into a more universal bluetooth device , it is possible to control a ps3 with your android phone as though it were a bluetooth remote control . the connection allows the phone to be used as a virtual keyboard for entering text , and it even has a touchscreen trackpad for moving the cursor in the ps3 's web browser . the app , blueputdroid , is in beta form right now , and is still a bit tricky to use , as the list of supported android phones is not exhaustive , some of the phones require custom firmware and once you get the app installed , there are technical hoops to work through . a list of believed supported and unsupported devices can be found on xda-developers . com , where the app was introduced . it also has details on how to download the app for those who own a compatible android handset . the independent developer has tested it out on the nexus one , htc wildfire , and lg optimus one - all with rooted firmwares . he was not able to get it working on the optimus one . blueputdroid is the first app to allow a smartphone to pair up with the ps3 as an input device . there have been other bluetooth apps for android that more flexibility in syncing the phone to a computer , but this is the first working app for ps3 connectivity . if the dev can further refine the process and expand compatibility , we will welcome the chance to use our phones to input psn info or type in urls - beats having a real keyboard tethered to your system , hm ? source : http://www.gamesradar.com/how-to-use-your-android-phone-as-a-ps3-bluetooth-keyboard/
this may not be exactly what you are seeing , but i have seen situations where the " home"/launcher app will be garbage collected . the next time the phone returns to the home screen , it shows a loading screen as it restarts the launcher app . depending on the model of phone , rom , and launcher you use , this initialization screen may be different , and it may go through the process of re-detecting the current signal/connection , etc . so it could be a question of which parts of the boot sequence are actually the boot sequence and which parts are the launcher startup which happens immediately after bootup , but which can occur at other times too . on my droid incredible with skyraider , i see the skyraider launcher splash screen ( which is different from the boot animation ) and then i see all the widgets and shortcuts on my home screen load from scratch when this happens .
this is a crash and restart of the android runtime , without a crash and reboot of the underlying linux operating system kernel . the uptime refers to the underlying linux , so it is maintained across the framework restart . the difference between a framework crash and restart vs . a kernel crash and reboot is not very apparent to the end user , since there is no visual console while the gui is down ; from a debugging perspective though they are very different and imply bugs in different parts of the system . for point of comparison , if you connect to a device by adb ( and i think this even works on a secured , ie not rooted one ) , you can cause a framework restart by typing stop ; start  and a reboot by typing reboot  you may or may not see any difference in sequence of splash screens , though the framework restart may be a little faster than a reboot .
you might need to reboot . your battery will not be damaged by hot removing it . it has an internal circuit to prevent overcharge . removing it while ( dis ) charging does not matter . see this post from android developer dianne hackborn .
yes , you should be able to install a wifi only rom manually , i`ve just gone to ics with 3g and its great . found these links useful : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfhwd2nxw1u http://www.icsforums.com/forum/showthread/6398 http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/motorola_xoom hope this helps
this is still just my best guess , but i would definitely check to be sure that google voice is linked to your cell number and that it is set up to forward your calls . you should see something like this in your settings : if that is all set up properly then you might want to consider starting a discussion thread over at google 's support forum .
sorry buddy . factory reset does the trick . . . usually this is required when switching between rom versions , and the gapps xda page mentions also that to flash a new gapps you need to format the /system partition , data , and dalvik .
yes . there is also several other partitions in the internal storage , which is what the other 1gb is taken up by . /boot - contains the bootloader , ramdisk image , and the linux kernel image . /system - contains all the os stuff ( both linux and android ) as well as built in system apps ( e . g . the launcher and the dialer ) . /recovery - contains the recovery os , which is used for updating as also recovering from situations that prevent booting into android proper . /data - this is what you see as " internal storage " . this is where all your user installed apps ( both from the play store and any other sources ) go , as well as where they save their data . /cache - exactly what it sounds like . various bits of frequently needed stuff stored in a quick to access manner . /misc - stores various miscellaneous system settings . 1.5 " phone storage " is basically like a built-in sd card as far as the os is concerned . it is general user storage . what exactly are you trying to install ? the internal storage ( /data above ) is where an app generally goes , but particularly big apps ( e . g . games like the asphalt series ) will store the large resources in a user partition by default ( rather than optionally via the " move to sd " option ) .
to 1 . : yes , you are correct . remaining space probably goes to the /system partition ( the android system itself requires some space , you might have guessed ) . everything else is just a guess and hard to say without a closer look ; but it might have a separate " mount " for cache , temp , and some other system relevant stuff . not having any device with 4 . x yet , i unfortunately cannot answer to 2 . for sure -- so i leave that to somebody else . my device has 6gb inside , so i never installed any app to sd ( what good would that be for , in my case ? ) .
i found some encoding issues when dealing with vcards , but generally , i was able to open any vcard file with the native contact manager application , have you tried to open the file with your computer ? the vcard is a text format file , so the image is encoded in base64 ( characters ) if you open any vcard with a notepad , you will be able to see the contact picture encoded with characters . this is a sample vcard : BEGIN:VCARD VERSION:2.1 N:Anders;Maria FN:Maria Anders ORG:Alfreds Futterkiste TEL;TYPE=WORK:030-0074321 NOTE:Very Funny! END:VCARD  so . . . to give you an answer , android should handle vcards natively , without any special configuration . i am running android 4 . x as well , and it works as expected . in my opinion , the issue is about how iphone encodes the vcard . you can try downloading this vcard file : i 's been tested on many android devices
when you leave an app that was running in the screen , it stops running , but android keeps its process in memory . this means that next time you want that app in the foreground , or next time it runs a service in the background ( e . g . to check for email ) , the app can run again without android having to load it from storage again . this means it starts faster and uses less battery . apps that have been kept alive but not running in this way are called cached background processes . they still use some ram , but android will automatically remove them from ram if it needs to free it up for running apps , so they do not affect the amount of ram available to other apps .
shut down your device overnight . or just plug it in before sleep . or buy a new one . after some time the battery want resist so much . oh . . of course . . . or buy a new battery .
if you are running a custom rom , check with its makers if there are any known causes for battery drain . otherwise , ( since there are no known issues with stock android 2.3.7 , the battery drain is caused by some app . turn off bluetooth and auto sync ( leave wifi on ) , install watchdog and charge the battery fully , then let your phone idle for a couple of hours . in that time , any apps that misbehave will be listed under the alerts tab of watchdog . check that and report here , maybe we can help . if it does not list any app , try eliminating each of the common culprits for battery drain - social media ( older versions of facebook ) and sync apps that constantly use connectivity options , free versions of apps that regularly pull in ads for display , location apps including google 's own reporting service . uninstall or turn off whichever you can . if ads are an issue , and you are rooted , you can use adblock . also , check for your battery health - if you have been a heavy user for over 2 years , it is likely that the battery has lost much of its original capacity , in which case a battery replacement would be necessary ( i know because i have the same problem , and ordered a new battery yesterday ) . you can find oem batteries for $30-40 - avoid cheap duplicates , you never know what they could do to your phone .
there are several things which can be done . most obvious is to switch it off completely ( grin ) , but that only as a side note . also , switching it to airplane mode falls close -- though , when used with a " timer " ( via automation apps such as tasker or llama ) , it can be quite a useful thing to not only save some juice over night , but also care for some silence . another obvious option is to connect it to some power source , which clearly prevents it from running out of juice . but these are just general rules . in your special case , the problem is some app draining your battery over night . true , above mentioned solutions would take care that there is enough juice left -- but still that is a misbehaving app . so first thing i would do is , after it drained a little ( but still enough juice is left , say 30% or more to be sure ) , go and check your battery stats . you will find them in your system settings , on most devices it is in settings &rarr ; about phone &rarr ; battery use . this should list the most heavy consumers , and your candidate should be on the very top . other useful sources on this topic ( and here at android enthusiasts ) include : how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? ( especially when you cannot find the " evil app " in the consumers list ) how can i tell what is really draining my battery ? what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
dan is correct , but what also needs to be known is whether it is 3g/wifi ( tilapia 2012 , deb 2013 ) or just wifi ( grouper 2012 , flo 2013 ) . the 2 models can not use the roms for the other , meaning you can not use the 2012 3g rom on the 2012 wifi model and etc . the above in parenthesis are the names for different models and years so there is actually 4 different models each with their own roms . the xda forums have the largest amount of roms for the nexus 7 's . there are many to choose from .
there is not an asus one and a google one : both the nexus 7 models are asus-google collaborations . all nexus devices are design collaborations between google and another device manufacturer ( asus , samsung , or lg ) . that said , the two models are completely different , with different socs , screens , and cameras . the original nexus 7 ( aka nakasi ) has a slightly-over-720p screen , powered by a tegra 3 , and only one camera . the 2013 model ( aka razor ) has a 1920x1200 screen , two cameras , and a snapdragon soc . roms are not compatible between the two .
this may depend somewhat on the device , so i would try to narrow down which one in particular you want then try to figure out what other people are saying about it . having said that , i know lots of people on xda are using us verizon xooms in europe without any problems ( minus 3g , of course , which you said is not a problem ) . there is a thread about this here . some have also noted that you can flash european firmware onto the vzw xoom without any problems , but i am not sure what the caveats are and i do not know if that would work on other devices .
tablets that use cdma network technologies will be restricted to wifi internet only ( there is no cdma cell coverage at all in the uk ) . if you can get a tablet that uses t-mobile 's 3g frequencies , you can sim-unlock it and use 3g with an operator in the uk . at and t frequencies are not common in europe , you will get edge only . wifi will work , but europe/uk uses a different channel/frequency standard and you will not be able to use channels 12 or 13 ( at a minimum ; it could be only a few channels work if the spaces between the channels are different ; i have not stared at the standards recently ) . if you can tell the device to use the eu ranges , you will be fine - but i am not sure how to do it - if android uses the linux kernel 's regulatory compliance daemon , that is fairly easy to change because the commands should be similar to a linux desktop and there is quite a few tutorials out there . that assumes android uses that part of the linux wifi stack , and it also assumes that the wifi driver in the tablet actually uses the linux stack to drive compliance . this is not very likely . : (
it depends on your tablet . if your tablet has included cdma technology that is not available in uk then it can not possible to use that tablet . tablet with wi-fi technologies will definitely helps to work in another country but it is also depends on tablet network connection features . as per my view , you should include little information about your tablet .
i can understand your concern , but i have also never seen a film that specifically covers the camera lens window . i have not used a zagg , but other screen films i have purchased in the past included the excess film on the card - if the zagg included this you could possibly cut your own square or circle to cover the lens window . otherwise i would suggest checking your retailer of choice for another inexpensive film that you can use to cut your own window from . in the past i have purchased screen protectors on clearance from places like staples , walmart , etc for obsolete devices so i could cut them to protect camera screens , etc .
this looks like what you want . basically , any rom that says it is a " gpe " rom or a " google play edition " rom will be what you are after . to get the google apps you will need to flash a gapps package such as the paranoidandroid ones - you can just choose the " stock " package . flash those after flashing the rom and you will have a pre-rooted , dev version rom .
i found out that all the apps missing have an . asec file in the . android_secure folder on the sd card , however the . android_secure folder itself is there . on linux i wrote : cp sdbackup/* /media/disk -r  it copies all folders , and their content , recursively . except for the hidden folders in sdbackup , e.g. : sdbackup/.android_secure sdbackup/.doubleTwist  hidden folders in the hierarchy are copied however . so now i managed by subsequently copying each hidden folder : cp sdbackup/* /media/disk -r cp sdbackup/.android_secure* /media/disk -r cp sdbackup/.astro* /media/disk -r etc  and now everything is fine .
my solution , using windows , was to format the new card with the same file system ( fat32 ) and allocation unit size ( in this case , 4k ) . to determine allocation unit size on windows , go to the command prompt , go to the drive letter that the new meida card is on , and type chkdsk . allocation unit size will be displayed near the bottom of the results . to format , in windows explorer right click on the drive letter of the new card and then click on format . it should be obvious from there . the quick format option worked for me . as for copying files , i had no problem with hidden files . straight copy worked for me .
definitely , the most unusual timing to anwser my own question ! when i picked up the phone . i accidentally held down the menu button and the on screen keyboard came up . the up &#9650 ; and down &#9660 ; buttons there will do the trick !
this is highly subjective in the context of hardware/software hacking . minix indeed uses the android platform ( judging by their website ) , however , it is a dedicated set top-box and maybe the protocol for talking to the remote is different to one of google tv kind . have the crowd behind it , shared some source code or protocol specifications ? might be worth checking around on forums to see if anyone has hacked the top-box that can do so . its a gamble having said that but it does sound fun trying to get the google tv remote to work with it : )
there is an rsync in the market , which i use to backup my sdcard to my home server routinely ( via its tasker integration ) . from there , its a simple matter of adding it to the existing backup system . rsync itself can also be configured to keep backups . finally , if you have a rooted phone , i suppose you could format your sdcard as ext4 , or partition it to also have an ext4 partition . then you had be able to use file permissions . of course , you had need ext4 drivers to use usb disk mode , so pretty much you had have to use linux .
sd cards are almost always formatted as fat , which means that the os cannot set filesystem permissions . in other words , you cannot protect individual files . and you can only protect the sd card as a whole by not installing apps that access it . i recommend frequent backups and testing out new apps thoroughly , possibly by using another sd card with unimportant or backed-up data on it .
i have never heard of an app that formats the sdcard . the permission to modify the sdcard is so the application can " read/write " data to the sdcard . if you have an app that formats your sdcard , i would report the issue to the developer , plus to the android market .
i have successfully modified the build . prop on my samsung vibrant to mimic that of the i9000 , allowing me to get i9000 apps from the samsung app store . so something similar might work for you . see how can i modify the phone model in build . prop to get unsupported apps ?
once a device is unlocked from its carrier no update will re-lock your device . it is permanently unlocked .
it depends . is it factory sim-unlocked , has it been unlocked through official channels , or has it been hack-unlocked ? if it is either of the first two , you should be fine through any software updates . if it is been hacked unlocked though , i would be careful of updates until someone confirms it working .
if you type on a terminal console : ls -l /d lrwxrwxrwx root root 2013-01-01 01:00 d -&gt; /sys/kernel/debug/  meaning /d is a symlink to that other folder , probably there for compatibility with old versions . so now the question is : what is /sys/kernel/debug/ ? that folder is used to mount debugfs filesystem and it is used , as the name suggests , to debug kernel . kernel must be compiled with config_debug_fs option set to yes , so that is maybe the reason why some phones have files in it and some do not . one important thing to note is that debugfs is a ram based filesystem , so afaik it is using ram space not disk space . more info http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/debugfs
documents to go has support for downloading , editing and syncing your google docs from your device . the initial sync is slow and saving to google docs sometimes fails , but support is there .
we can now edit google docs with our mobile with the official app : ) more information can be found in this blog entry from the official google documents blog .
i also found out this one as an alternative : http://sites.google.com/site/gdocsforandroid/
there are apps out there now that should make it easier to use google docs on your phone but an official app will be out soon according to cnet news . google docs coming to ipad , android
have you not considered this application which actually overlays the existing launcher , and by using gestures such as tapping on the corner of the screen , to launch a certain app . the app is called swipepad its a complement to the existing launchers out there on the market . to quote : swipepad is a launcher panel overlay . with a single swipe action , you can launch anything from within any app . it is extraordinarily simple and intuitive to use : touch down a pre-set edge of the screen ; move your finger towards the center of the screen so the pad will emerge ; release your finger on a specific slot to action .
to improve your first bullet , some custom launcher apps would allow you to open quickdroid in a simple way . nova launcher prime , which i am using right now , lets you set the action of a swipe on the homescreen to launch a custom app . other popular launchers that claim to allow gestures are go launcher , apex launcher , and holo launcher .
quickdroid also has a widget . have you tried that ? it seems like the search field is there in your home screen . it is not really ( when you tap it to start typing , it opens the search screen ) , but looks nice at least . . .
i have found app dialler to be pretty quick . t9 fuzzy ( ? ) searching app launcher i have xposeds gravitybox pielauncher setup with an app dialler shortcut to launch from any app with a small gesture and single tap
going a slightly different route , have you considered an app like fliplauncher ? you get approx 24 slots to save shortcuts to apps . a quick slide of the finger from edge of the phone to the screen will launch one of the strips of apps , enabling you to launch an app from the strip . the beauty of this is it does not matter what app you are currently in , you can still launch one of your shortcut apps from the current app . when launched , using back arrow will take you to your previous app . example - imdb , browser or part of your shortcut apps . you are reading an article in your news reader about a great new movie , you want to see the trailer , so you launch the strip that contains your imdb icon , press on it launching the imdb app , watch the trailer , back arrow out of imdb , and you go straight back to the article you were reading . ( i have no interest in this app , other than finding it has made using my phone quicker and easier and reduced the number of home pages i require and the number of times i go into the app drawer ) . i know this is not exactly what you are looking for , but i think it is a much quicker alternative that can cover you in most instances .
to answer my own question : i found swipeswitcher lite and am using this to easily launch quickdroid . swipeswitcher is a very simple app which just adds a small invisble overlay on the left and right edges of the screen . it let 's you configure each overlay to launch an app ( or go the the previous/next app in the default configuration ) . so i configured the left edge to launch quickdroid and kept the right edge at the default config . now i can quickly launch quickdroid by swiping from the left edge of the screen . to launch an app all i do now is swipe , type 2 - 3 characters , and select the app . and as an added bonus , i can quickly go back to the previous app by swiping from the right edge of the screen . so far i really like this very simple solution . it is similar to other suggested solutions such as fliplauncher and swipepad , except that swipeswitcher does not replace the homescreen and immediately launches one single app . i also had a look at google search launcher , as that promised to be exactly what i wanted to use the android built-in tablet search . however , this really just launches the google search , so it is still not in ' tablet search mode ' by default and still shows search suggestions . it also makes the homesceeen inaccessible and was rather slow . it seemed promising but was a rather dissapointing . update : i just found another very nice solution . if you have tasker installed , you can install assistant event for tasker . then you can create a task which will launch quickdroid ( or any app of your choice ) when using the gesture which would normally open google now ( the " google assistant " gesture ) .
try conjure app on google play . might be similar to what you want . ( lifehacker has an article on them ) .
i have a droid bionic and i went into my contacts and at the top it says your profile and i filled it out and put my picture in there and it worked perfect .
in my case matt 's solution did not work , so i found this solution on http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=3a41f790937732e1hl=en this is caused by a few different problems . if you go into Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; Status and the My Phone Number section is Unknown or not your number , then your problem is that the phone does not know which contact to use for you . if your number is in there and correct then it may not know which contact to use , if you have multiple contacts with the same number . unknown number in the first case ( unknown number ) you will need to use another handset to change the number . find someone ( possibly on the same network as you ) with an iphone and get them to let you put your sim card in it , on the iphone go into Settings -&gt; Phone -&gt; My Number and then enter your phone number , hit Okay and then eject the sim . put it back in your phone and it should just work , if not follow onto the next procedure . multiple matching contacts this is easier from gmail , find all the contacts you have with the same number as your phone ( with and without country codes ) and delete/merge them , if you deleted them create a new contact with your details and avatar in it and save . after syncing with the mobile your messaging app should show the correct avatar .
it depends on your device and what app you are using . on my droid 1 running froyo if i add my own cell # to my contacts the default messaging app uses the avatar that is set with that contact entry . if you add this it may take a little while for everything to sync up and for the pic to begin to display . in handcent sms you can set custom contact specific avatars .
i have a huawei ascend g300 click on your ' messaging ' icon to get a list of your conversations . then click on the menu button below your screen , click settings . you will see a title ' common settings ' look below common settings and there is ' my picture ' . click ' my picture ' to choose a profile photo from your gallery or take a photo with your camera . easy i found it by accident as i was searching how to add a picture of me . not having a profile picture was driving me insane ! ! ! ! lol
do not forget dlna using the allshare app , if your tv system supports it .
see this page for the galaxy s 's standard tv-out cable as sold by samsung , this plugs into the 3.5mm headphone port on the phone . it can also output hdmi via an adaptor that plugs into the micro-usb port , though this has the obvious disadvantage that you can not plug it into power to charge at the same time as playing .
according to this blog post , you need a 3.5mm -> rca/phono cable , and it goes in the headphone socket of the phone .
since you mentioned you were still seeing it after installing offline , i am going to assume you also tried the game while still offline . if the data was there , it could have made a folder to hold the data which you could get to and delete using a file explorer . there is a number of apps that make folders to hold data that do not get deleted when the app is uninstalled .
it is possible that the game progress is saved in the cloud , if you are using google play games . the google help page says you can clear this progress / data , but note that it will clear for all games : if you want to delete your saved data from all games that use cloud save , visit the google settings app and select menu > clear app data . this will clear all your data from all accounts . depending on your device , your menu icon may look different .
it is been reported as a known issue on code . google . com . there is a long list of 79 comments which seem to indicate that rooting and adding a program called " autostarts " fixes the problem . this is obviously not something everyone is going to want to do . . . be careful if you go that route .
you can use the headset blocker widget to disable that behavior .
in the google market there is an app to change the archos buttons and even add some . its named archos buttons afaik . but your device has to be rooted . havent tested it though .
i stopped using the corporate email app that came with my droid because of stability issues and reasons like this . i got touchdown ( appbrain ) for my work ms exchange email and have not looked back . i realize this does not offer a solution to your problem 's symptoms , but it would solve your main problem by avoiding the inferior exchange app all together .
i have the same problem . one possible reason is that the graphics card does not support it . delete graphics , especially pics attached in the phonebook . everytime i am tempted to attach pics to the phonebook , i get this problem . hope it will help .
i have uninstalled taskkiller as i read that these types of applications can cause stability issues on android 2.1 and 2.2 . so far so good . . .
i know its too late to answer the question . but anyway , restart generally occurs when , phone is going out of resources , ( memory ) bad battery contacts , due to frequent pullouts . faulty apps leading to crash and screens of death . i am saying so as android too is an os and these are the basic nature of an os . so if your milestone is rooted , use xda assistant from market and do some tweaks to your phone like see your startup list and remove unwanted services while boot . also download infollc cachecleaner to clean cache on regular intervals . install adblockers to block unwanted ads , sometimes they leads to crash . remove all apps that are not in use . instead of auto cleaning , do manual memory cleanup {ram} using taskkillers . dont use any battery defenders as they too run their own service on the phone 24x7 {in wake phone} and consumes memory . use app2sd and try to move all your apps from phone memory to your sd card . finally i would like to say , keep your os as light ( clean ) as possible .
i found one . there is an app called microcom that is part of some newer busybox packages . i used the latest busybox ( 1.9.3 ) that could be installed by busybox pro ( steven stericson ) from the android market . i replaced busybox 1.9.3cm that came with my rom and which did not have microcom . with that busybox you just have to open a terminal ( i used btep ) and type microcom . the short help file will be displayed . using it can be as simple as : microcom -s 115200 /dev/ttyUSB0  i am still interested in a more full-featured version -- something more like minicom . but at least microcom gets the minimal job done for now . if no one offers a more full featured app than microcom , i will accept my answer in a few days .
if you have root , you can mount the systems partition as editable and edit the hosts file and set the site in question to redirect to 127.0.0.1 . this is somewhat complicated voodoo , however , and i would not recommend it if you do not know what i am talking about already . however if you do not want to do this manually and have rooted your phone , the app hosts editor is a nice little single purpose utility just for this . if you are up for the voodoo , and have adb installed : from the terminal invoke the adb command with remount option otherwise you will get " failed to copy ' hosts ' to '/system/etc/hosts': read-only file system " . adb remount in the terminal pull the default hosts file from /system/etc/hosts or /etc/hosts which is the symlink of the file not only for backup purpose but also to get the file to modify . adb pull /system/etc/hosts &lt;path to pull hosts file to&gt; modify the file according to your needs . ( eg ) 127.0.0.1 www.somewebsite.com push the file back to the phone : adb push &lt;path you pulled hosts file to&gt;/hosts /system/etc/ that is it . you can check it out from the shell : adb -e shell cat /system/etc/hosts source
there is an app for that , it is called shared contact list . it does exactly the thing you describe . disclaimer : i work at the company that made it .
actually , this is pretty easy . there are two workable answers i can offer : if you have google apps for your organization , you can simply turn on contact sharing and make sure everyone adds their google apps account to their phone . if you do not have google apps or do not want to use contact sharing , simply set up a single dummy gmail/google apps account for every person to add to their phone . any contacts added to this account , be it via a phones or via the gmail contacts book , will appear on every phone whenever a sync happens . to add another account to your phone : Settings-&gt;Accounts and sync-&gt;Add account  after adding the account on the phone , make sure you click on it again and set syncing to just contacts and not gmail , calendar , etc ( unless you want these )
sounds like your card may be defective . i had a similar problem a few weeks ago . try testing it with h2test2 ( http://www.softpedia.com/get/system/system-miscellaneous/h2testw.shtml ) . note that you will have to format the card first ( quick format is fine ) , and it may take an hour or two .
you can reply to imessage group chats by using the android 4.2 stock messaging app , gosms or possibly other sms apps . i personally used gosms until the android 4.2 added group messaging . gosms worked great , it was not perfect , but it did work . i do not think handcent supports group messaging .
gosms pro will allow you to group message ( including adding pictures ) just fine to iphone users . just tried it and it works great ! messages come back as single addresses but that is because they are sending via imessage . all people in the group do get them however . and as an added bonus , you can add gosms emoticons so you can send and see emoticon smiley pictures from your iphone friends !
there is an app called tango it allows video-calling to mobile from a pc . it also supports 3g phones too . its really good and free worldwide .
this article describes the next release of skype for android ( v . 2.1 ) which now supports 17 phones on video chat . the answer before was directing to other services or modified versions of skype , but this is official , so i thought i would post it .
since you are rooted , you could also try the newest version of google talk . it is not officially supported but i use it on my evo just fine ( i run cyanogenmod 7 , though ) . oovoo has a desktop client and a mobile app , enabling mobile to pc video calls ( supports the evo , but have not tried it myself ) . there also appears to be a plugin for the yahoo ! messenger app which enables video chat between mobiles or with the pc client . again , i have not tried this one myself , but it seems to be the least restrictive about what devices it supports . edit : it looks like there is a thread on xda where people are talking about skype with video on the evo . might be something helpful there .
i finally gave up on the stock email client for android 4.0 because of this problem and others . now i use enhanced email and i love it . its screen-real-estate-efficient ui is based on the gingerbread client and the dev team is very responsive to user suggestions and feedback . and it does not kill battery life like touchdown .
it all depends on who your mobile carrier is . i have at and t and they allow one to surf and talk at the same time . this is because their networks are cdma . if you want to surf the web while you are talking on the phone it sounds like your only option right now is to change carriers .
most hsdpa / edge cdma networks do not support data and voice at the same time . cdma modern gsm networks ( including 3g and hsdpa , but not edge ) do , and lte will , so i am not sure why you are having this problem . it is possible that dual-transfer mode may not be enabled on your phone . alternatively , your network might not support it . ( info on dtm . )
if you do not want your users to download a player to show the videos , then you have no other choice but to create videos with the h . 264 baseline profile . this is because the stock android player does not support anything higher . ios on the other hand does support the main and high profile . while not listed in the ios specifications , the iphone 4s and upwards should support it . it could very well be that your samsung 's video app records high profile video and can also play it ( because samsung included a non-stock player* ) . in any case , converting to baseline profile would ensure that the video is playable on all devices . ffmpeg -i input.mp4 -c:v libx264 -profile:v baseline -pix_fmt yuv420p -crf 23 output.mp4  that should do it . you can change the crf parameter to change quality . check the x264 encoding guide for more . * disclaimer : i do not own a samsung android phone . no idea if they have a non-stock player .
i am pretty sure there is no phone with that resolution and on-screen buttons . it should be theoretically possible , but no one in their right mind would do that .
the problem is with the kernel . i had also faced this problem before and got out of the boot loop . follow the instructions given below . download the stock firmware from www.sammobile.com download heimdall suite . extract the firmware package and copy the zimage file into the heimdall suite directory . install the driver for the phone . boot the phone into download mode by pressing volume down + home button + power . connect the phone to the computer using the usb cable supplied along with the phone . open command prompt and change the directory to heimdall suite . now type heimdall flash --kernel zImage a blue bar will come on the screen . after the flash is complete , the phone will reboot normally . after the reboot , go to the apps screen to check if the superuser app is installed . if superuser is installed , your phone is rooted . to install cyanogenmod , follow the following instructions : copy the rom to a folder in the sd card . copy the zimage file provided by cyanogenmod into the heimdall suite directory . boot the phone into download mode . connect the phone to the computer . open command prompt . change the directory to heimdall suite and flash the kernel using the following command : heimdall flash --kernel zImage the phone will reboot and go into a bootloop . turn off the phone by removing the battery . boot the phone into recovery mode by holding volume up + home button + power . now flash the rom using the method mentioned here you will now have cyanogenmod installed on your phone .
edit honestly , i am not 100% sure that this was really a problem related to the kernel . i think that the " problem " could be also caused by the fact that pressing the home key in recovery mode results in a reboot . the correct way to select a recovery item is to press the power button . original post i had the same issue two days ago . the problem was the kernel . after switching to the kernel that was mentioned a few wiki changes before it worked like a charm . kernel : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/aries/gt-i9000/root/hardcore-speedmod-i9000.zip md5: afccda1f4efb560398dd5bc107bb7a69 i even ( re- ) added this information but it was again reverted . :- (
not all carriers support this . and android does not show this by default imho . if you are still with the same provider and in the same area , you might want to check your app drawer . some have an app called " cell info " pre-installed ( i have it e.g. on my lg optimus 4x – but in my area this feature is not supported ) . alternatively , you might want to look for some location widgets you could place on your home screen . several weather widgets also display your current location along with the weather reports . if the notification area would suffice , you also could take a look at gps notification or gps status and toolbox . these apps display your current position in the notification area as long as gps is turned on ( not sure whether you can configure that to city/street , as i did not try them out ) . gps notification ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) another possibility would be " self-made widgets " using e.g. zooper or uccw . again , i did not try one of those , so i cannot say for sure whether they would go down to street level . but at least those widgets would go directly to your homescreen , and you can customize them heavily .
you can use these 2 recovery softwares to recover data from a damaged partition table if this is the case : http://www.recovermyfiles.com/data-recovery-software-download.php http://www.piriform.com/recuva
maybe the media device ( mtp ) option is disabled . make sure that this is enabled , you would find this under the menu option " usb computer connection " in settings > device > storage . also make sure that " usb debugging " is disabled in settings > system > developer options .
if you go to settings > security > device administrators do you see the app listed there ? if so uncheck the checkbox and you should be able to un-install the app ( using the play store app or from the application manager )
stock ics and jelly bean already support this option . go to settings > security and uncheck the power button instantly locks option . now , your phone will lock only after the desired period of inactivity . note , you may have to set the automatically lock option to something other than " instantly " in order to get the delayed lock .
seems your application points to the app location which was altered or moved with the update . to solve this , simply delete the existing shortcut icon ( by dragging it on to the bin icon which appears after a long press on the shortcut ) then create a new shortcut icon for the application through the customizing menu . ( which appear after a tap or with the press of menu button whipe you are in your home screen ) you may want to reboot the device beforehand .
this happened on my nexus - you just have to reboot your device , and the icon will show up . most likely niantic changed the launcher activity , so the short cut is no longer pointing to the correct activity , hence the error message . rebooting the device/restarting the launcher , and then re-adding the home screen shortcut will fix this .
it will not be on the windows filesystem . the emulator makes a .img file that it then mounts as the virtual sd card . so , to answer your question , the file is stored in the sdcard .img file in the avd folder . ( you may be able to extract it using winrar or another unzip utility . check the C:\Users\&lt;your username&gt;\.android\avd\&lt;avd name&gt;\sdcard.img ) edit : this program claims to mount .img files . i am using ubuntu though , so cannot test sorry .
it most certainly is not a hardware related issue . i would begin by rebooting the device .
you can move apps that support it to that sd card , as that is the one used by android to install apps to . just go to settings apps and select the app , and then click the move to sd card button . if you want to move them all you must be rooted , and can use this app , which allows you to force apps to the ( internal ) sd card .
i based my opinion on the phones i have used so far , but it seems , new devices do not care about usb mode , they just work . i used mtp and my android ide recognized the device . it made my day .
most likely this is a bug in the rom you are using . cyanogenmod nightly builds are unstable and often have missing functionality : they are not recommended for everyday use , only for testing . try updating your rom to a more stable build of cyanogenmod , if one is available .
i use rom toolbox for this . swipe left twice to get to the Interface section and chose Font Installer . if you are rooted , you will see the new font after a reboot/hot restart .
in gb 2.3 , the fonts folder is located in /system/fonts , how it works is this , for a font face , it copies the fonts to the original droid fonts names at the same time retaining the pre-defined font names in place . in my rom , i have this , from adb shell , notice how the names are retained but are in fact roboto fonts ! : ) sounds like the fonts are installed into a different name in which the rom is not picking it up . for example , suppose the font 's name is ' myfont . ttf ' and that gets copied over , but is not copied into ' droidsans . ttf ' . . . just a guess . btw , what android is that rom you are referring to ? edit : it has been ascertained that this is honeycomb ( android 3.2.1 ) . do the following : plug in cable to toshiba thrive from command line , issue this , adb shell ls /system/fonts select all the text of that output , copy to clipboard , and go to http://www.pastebin.com and create a new paste , paste in the contents and it will create a linky for everyone to see , put that linky into the comments below and will look at it : )
i was able to untangle the knot of directories by reading the android init scripts . /data/media/0/ is the original . by mounting sshfs ( remember to set allow_other ) to subdirectories of /data/media/0/ i have access to it from android applications .
not sure which task manager you are using -- but some devices/android versions distinguish running apps from services . on my droid2 running gingerbread , i find running apps at apps-> apps in the " running " tab , while services show up at apps-> active services . parts of google maps ( which is the navigation app you probably refer to ) are implemented as services , as e.g. the " location service " which keeps checking your gps or wifi based location in the background . i never used navigation itself , but i imagine this is handled similarly .
i found out that there was a bug in the samsung os that corrupted the desktop backup password . one day , my phone bootlooped and , after a reset , i could backup fine with no backup password set .
this icon simply means that there are more notifications to show , but there is not enough space left in the top status bar to show all notification icons ( that is why it does not have a matching notification ) .
there are apps that let you look at the system log , like catlog . what i would do is start logging before you charge it at night and then take a look at the result in the morning . the log will probably be staggering but the errors should show up in red .
just a few reasons android uses a lot of power : large , colorful , bright display constant wireless connections background applications application/cloud syncing user input garbageware applications running when no one asked them to poorly written applications using more cpu cycles than needed basically , everything about your phone that makes it " smart " , uses battery power - often a lot . if you were to dim the display to minimum , turn off all wireless communications and have no applications running and syncing , your smartphone would have outstanding battery life ; and be quite useless .
basically android need to be interpreted which takes more cpu cycles . compared to very efficient systems like the symbian and meego android will always use maybe 2 times more power due to most code not being native .
this might sound crazy , and i do not recommend anyone try it , but . . . i had tried cleaning the female charging port on the tablet with alcohol and q-tips and had no luck . i decided to use the tip of a mechanical pencil ( metal tip ) to scrape the contacts to see if they had build up . i put the metal tip in to scuff them up and ( since the tablet was on ) , a huge spark shot out of the tablet and it immediately shut off . i assumed i fried it , but it turned back on . . . . . . and worked perfectly from that point on . it was then recognized by my computer . obviously , this is somewhat crazy and i do not recommend people try this . i had tried every method of connection from the far ends of the internet with no luck . somehow it worked normally after this point . could the spark/firework show have cleaned the contacts ? i know that some pins are for charging ( which it would do fine ) and other pins are for data . my tablet is now working .
i do not think there is one i have not seen one however you might try a third party tablet maker some times they have some
i found this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=infinitegra.trial.usbcamera this is an android application to display and record the video from an usb camera which is connected to a smart phone or a tablet device . for more details please check his website : http://www.infinitegra.co.jp/en/solution/androidapp1-spec.htm
from wikipedia stability improvements better camera performance smoother screen rotation improved phone number recognition
it is just a maintenance update for bug fixes . this is the best i can find : revision 3 ( march 2012 ) maintenance update . the system version is 4.0.4 . note : this system image includes support for emulator hardware graphics acceleration when used with sdk tools r17 or higher . ( more info ) http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-4.0.3.html unofficial change log revision change log and more details
have you tried sending a KEYCODE_DPAD_CENTER ? adb shell input keyevent 23 
i was in the same situation as you . once you enter the full backup screen use the following commands : adb shell input text &lt;your password&gt; adb shell input keyevent 22 adb shell input keyevent 23  the " adb shell input keyevent 22" command is dpad right , you will be able to select back up my data the " adb shell input keyevent 23" is the dpad center , it will allow you to select enter 22 --> " keycode_dpad_right " 23 --> " keycode_dpad_center "
use droid explorer and the screencast plugin to use your keyboard and mouse from your desktop computer to control the handset ? that would make life easier instead of fiddling around with using adb shell input keyevent ...
tap the red and white diamond icon in the upper left-hand corner of the map screen to change orientation/view setting in navigation . that should get you back to the " behind the wheel " turn-by-turn view you want . ( just a note that the red half of the icon will always point north no matter what mode you are in . ) i was stuck on this one too and there is no option in the " settings " menu to define the orientation view .
clearing the app cache ( and data ) seems to have resolved the issue for me .
install google maps engine . google maps engine on android enables you to view your custom maps anywhere , anytime . i am not sure , but navigation will probably not work as described here : for navigation , searching for local places , etc . please check out the google maps for mobile app .
go to google play --> menu --> my apps --> update all the " update all " should be near the top right corner . the default for most apps is " allow automatic updating " . this can be changed for each app from this same screen by clicking on the app and checking the box " allow automatic updating " . btw sometimes an app requires a manual update . the update all function will leave those out you have to click on each app and hit the update button . i do know google play will not let you update an app if it thinks the update is not compatible with your version of software or hardware .
please be specific if you were asked for any security pin when you entered the wrong password 10 times ? and did you log in into any samsung account ? if yes , then try to recover your password by logging in to your samsung account . if you were not asked for any of the above options then factory reset is the only solution !
try the factory reset or the firmware update using samsung kies . note :-doing a factory reset may unlock your phone for sure but u will lose all the data ( applications installed , contacts on the phone memory etc )
map was never implemented in aosp , the siii only had it from samsung tweaks .
it was broken in 4.2 when google rewrote the bluetooth stack .
try installing the app powertutor , it is a power profiling application that can measure the amount of power that applications and other phone 's subsystem takes . install powertutor , let the profiler run , and use the phone/tablet normally for a few days . powertutor gives a much more detailed power profile than the built-in battery use . using powertutor , i found that the biggest battery sucker in my spica is the stock home app , pantheon ; i found a noticeable battery life improvement after replacing pantheon with launcher pro . the biggest drawback of powertutor is that , it is itself a power sucker , it is frequently showing itself as a top power hungry applications .
the key was to delete the telephony application . this tables has no phone . after deleting the following built-in applications , telephonyprovider and phone , a new icon appeared in the top box , it was a signal bar strength icon with an x in it . now the " cell standby " no longer appears , and the battery lasts 3-5 hours depending on what i am doing .
these are called dialer codes , so naturally try typing it into your dialer as if it were a phone number . i just did it on my vibrant and got this : WlanTest Engineering Mode Status... Unloading Normal Driver and Loading Mfg Driver Driver loading successful 
i had the same problem on galaxy ace but i dialed *#526# and not # #526# # . i do not know if it is the same thing . have you also tried removing and renewing the wifi connection on your phone ?
i do not know much about eclipse . but for your goal , it all depends on how the external stylesheets are defined . if they are using full-qualified urls ( e . g . http://www.example.com/example.css ) , there is no way you get them working offline . if they are using a relative path ( easiest : just their file name , residing in the same directory as the html file ) , you can simply copy them next/relative to your html files , and it should work . examples , assuming the html file is put to /sdcard/html/myfile.html: &lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"&gt;: simply copy style.css to /sdcard/html href="../style.css"&gt;: copy to /sdcard href="foo/bar/style.css": create /sdcard/html/foo/bar and place style.css there href="/style.css": sorry , nogo without root , as you cannot write to /
you need to open the html file on your browser , so that you can see the actual styling . you can also open a browser via eclipse . ps this really sounds like a dev-related issue . probably off-topic .
have you tried usb otg helper ? it works with either stock or custom rom . i have not seen the p500 listed as supported , but you could try .
in short , msm7x27 chipsets have very limited support for usb otg , that is despite there is an option in the kernel to build the driver for it , unfortunately it does not work and requires hackery to get it to work 100% ! in reference to this : update : my phone 's has three files libra.ko , librasdioif.ko , wireless.ko in /system/lib/modules those modules the op referred to , are tied to the sdio 's chipset support for both the sdcard mechanism and the wireless . notably , atheros 's ar6000 uses the sdio pins to activate the wireless , and is specific to that driver . offtopic : the sdio controls the sdcard mechanism , so yeah , it does sound ' cheap ' in the sense that using the pins for i/o off the sdcard mechanism , to control the wifi chip . . . as a fyi - zte blade and lg-p500 uses the near-identical array of peripherals such as chipset , wifi , but under different manufacturers ! have a mooch around the modaco thread governing both devices , you might find something in there !
you could install the android sdk on your computer . this would give you the possibility to access your device 's storage via the command line using e.g. adb push and adb pull . if that is not the level of comfort you want , there are also graphical tools utilizing adb : adb fileexplorer is a minimalistic frontend to copy files from/to the device . it is freely available from the xda developers ( simply follow the link ) . it is written in java , and thus should run on nearly all operating systems used on desktop computers . if you want a little more comfort , then there is also adbbrowser . available for linux and windows ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , it offers also an app-browser . and last but not least , there is qtadb available for linux , mac and windows ( again 32-bit and 64-bit ) , full of useful features like file manager , app manager , device information , sms , shell , screenshots , logcat , backup/restore . . . take a pick . of course , there are many more possibilities . if your device is rooted , there are several apps available on the playstore which permit full access to the local file system remotely .
if you mean the internal sd card ( where pictures etc are stored if they are not stored on the internal sd card ) , then this is mounted along with the external sd card when you connect your phone to the computer . if you mean the root file system , ( i.e. where the android system files are ) , then this can be done , but not directly . you would have to do it using an app via ftp , and you would have to be rooted to see the vast majority of the files . the app ssh droid allows you to turn your device into an ssh/sftp server , which allows you to use ftp to connect to the internal file system ( where the main system files are stored ) of your device , using an ftp client ( nautilus , windows explorer , filezilla for example ) . when doing this , be careful not to delete any files that could be important in the functioning of your device , and like i said - root will be needed to do most things here .
make sure you have turned on datasync in settings use https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andqlimax.pushfixer to set notification heartbeat interval if nothing helps , factory-reset your phone check if the same problem appears on both phones , if yes , try a different telephony company
there is a deprecated api which allows to set preferred activities for specific intents . so you could for example set the adobe reader as the preferred activity to start when " open pdf " intent is sent however as it states this api is deprecated so it could be removed in future versions of android http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/pm/packagemanager.html#addpreferredactivity(android.content.intentfilter , int , android.content.componentname [ ] , android.content.componentname )
you do not need any type of script . when user is presented with multiple pdf readers to choose from , one can found a checkbox Use by default for this action at bottom . check it and tap adobe reader . done !
it is samsung software , built into the system in certain samsung phones . like the dropbox app , it is a service to automatically upload photos you take on your phone ; it connects to your " samsung account " if you create one . it also integrates with dropbox to sync photos to the device gallery ; if you have " camera upload " turned on in dropbox as well , this probably results in your phone having two copies of each photo : the usual one , and one in cloudagent 's storage . you can change its settings by going into the main settings app and choosing cloud from the applications manager list ( in the device section ) . you can clear its data and disable it , or " freeze " the app if your device is rooted , and the only consequence is that photos from dropbox will not show up in gallery . if you have the dropbox app installed as well , dropbox can still sync ( and automatically upload photos ) without cloudagent running .
you can install a third-party homescreen ( launcher ) app which supports gestures . some examples : holo launcher hd , apex launcher , nova launcher . note that such gestures will work only when the launcher is active ( i.e. . , they are not global gestures accessible from any app ) , and may be eaten by scrollable widgets if they are present at the homescreen , and you start the gesture inside such widget . globally accessible gestures are possible too ( e . g . , there are apps such as swipepad ) , however , this will increase resource consumption , because such app must be running all the time and listening for touch events , and also may conflict with other apps .
i use the built-in mp3 player ( samsung galaxy s2 ) . i went into playlists > right button > delete > select all > delete . whatever the playlists were there , they will get deleted
long tapping on a playlist brings an option to delete . looks like you do not want to use it because you have gazillions of playlists . so , do this : simply , clear data of winamp from Settings ~> Applications ~> Manage Applications . it'll make your winamp install fresh like when it was installed . the only thumbs down thing is that settings of winamp will be reset to default and you will need to re-configure them , but its not a big thing . update : after some brainstorming , i found that winamp stores playlists in a database externally . on my smartphone its : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases/external-xxxxxxx.db where xxxxxxx are numbers which are different on two devices i checked . use root explorer to delete this database after mounting /data partition with r/w access ( root access is required ) .
armv6 and armv7 are two different versions of cpu architecture developed by arm . armv6 is older and armv7 is newer . armv6 was used in arm11 and arm cortex-m cpu families . armv7 is used in arm cortex-a , arm cortex-m ( newer ) , arm cortex-r cpu families . there are many feature differences which are off-topic on this website , but you can check this . the main difference is armv7 requires high memory but gives high performance which is opposite for armv6 .
if it cannot be done with native support ( as described by bassmadrigal ) , there are several 3rd-party solutions available . take a look at e.g. slider widget - volumes , which seems a solution you might love : slider widget , second screenshot with open slider ( source : google play ; click images to enlarge ) as the screenshots show , it gives you a widget bar with " buttons " for all the different volumes your device supports . tap the corresponding item once to bring up the slider . or double-tap to toggle ( "that is my favorite song -- no phone calls or notifications now , please ! : ) " ) . the playstore offers a lot of similar things , just check it for volume widget if this approach seems useful to you .
when an app is playing sound , android will only adjust the volume for what is actively playing the sound ( in this case the media volume ) . you can manually adjust your sound volume under settings -> sound -> volume if your rom supports it , you may be able to enable expanded mode for volume under settings -> sound -> volume panel style -> expandable . this will give you a button to the right of the onscreen volume indicator ( when you press the volume buttons ) . press that and it will show all the adjustable volume levels and you can change it through there .
use android-vnc-viewer to mirror the desktop pc screen , and control the desktop i had another question on android[dot]stackexchange.com: ( in using a vnc to control a computer , is it possible to have the cursor go to where you touch ? - android [ dot ] stackexchange [ dot ] com/questions/34668/in-using-a-vnc-to-control-a-computer-is-it-possible-to-have-the-cursor-go-to-wh ) in the question , i included a video : remote control of ubuntu with android-vnc-viewer - www.youtube.com/watch?v=stkx6qmbgck#t=0m30s android-vnc-viewer “see and control your computer 's desktop from your phone , from anywhere . androidvnc is the open source ( gpl ) remote desktop program for android devices . connects to most vnc servers : incl tightvnc , realvnc on win and linux , x11vnc , and apple remote desktop on os/x . ” . in the video , i do not know the input mode that is being demonstrated at 0:30 , but it looks like the mouse cursor goes to where he touches . http://code.google.com/p/android-vnc-viewer/ i am guessing that the input mode in the video was either : touch mouse pan and zoom this is the default input mode and is designed to work like the android browser . you can both pan the display and control the mouse using the touchscreen and gestures . you pan by dragging or flicking on the touchscreen ; you click the mouse by tapping on it . you right-click by double-tapping ( or by holding down the camera button while tapping ) . you drag the mouse by doing a long press on the display , and then dragging . in this mode the trackball or dpad ( if your phone has one ) can also be used to control the mouse ; this may give you finer control . you can zoom the screen size with the +/- buttons , or , if your device supports multi-touch and has android 2.0+ , you can pinch to zoom out and spread to zoom in . or : mouse control mode in this mode , use the touchscreen to control the mouse . touching the screen generates a mouse click at that point ; dragging on the screen creates a mouse drag . keyboard events are sent as normal . the trackball is used to send arrow-key events to the vnc server . pressing the trackball toggles between mouse pointer control and desktop panning modes . port forwarding if the pc you are connecting to accesses the internet through a router , this will be the wan address assigned to the router by your isp ; you will also need to forward the vnc port ( 5900 ) from the router to your pc ( exactly how you do this depends on the details of your router , so i can not give more explicit instructions here ) . hacker 's keyboard - use a full soft keyboard on android from what i have read , the stock android keyboard does not have buttons such as ctrl , alt , esc , arrow keys , home , end , and delete . you can use the free , open source , app call hacker 's keyboard to gain access to the buttons of a full keyboard : “are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . ” http://code[dot]google[dot]com/p/hackerskeyboard/ a patch that allows android-vnc-viewer to recognize all the keys of hacker 's keyboard in “frequently asked questions” of hacker 's keyboard , there is a section called “android vnc viewer does not recognize the extra keys” . it directs you to an issue called “issue 238: support additional keys , fix modifier handling” ( code [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/p/android-vnc-viewer/issues/detail ? id=238 ) . the patch there will make it so that android vnc viewer recognizes buttons of a full keyboard . update : bvnc bvnc is a secure , open source vnc client . tested with hackerskeyboard . using it is recommended ( get hackers keyboard from google play ) . play [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/store/apps/details ? id=com . iiordanov . freebvnc and hl=en github [ dot ] com/iiordanov/bvnc update 2: jump desktop vnc i currently and personally use jump desktop vnc because the “bring-out-the-keyboard” is close , and easily reachable . with bvnc , i have to tap near the middle of the screen , and then i press a keyboard button on the right to bring out the keyboard . jump desktop vnc also lets you use a google account , so you don’t have to deal with addresses .
you could always : set it up downloading using ' tubemate': http://www.androidfreeware.net/download-youtube-tubemate.html then watch it on the normal youtube app ! if you go out of range , hope that the download has finished and you can carry on watching it offline !
there are apps like tubemate or easytube that let you download youtube videos to your phone internal storage or to the sd card in order to allow you to see these videos whenever you want wherever you want . maybe this is what you are looking for .
skype settings -> notifications
if sheharyars answer does not work out : boot to recovery-menu . how to do it depends on your device , which you did not specify ; usually it is done by powering it off , then holding the vol down and power buttons at the same time for a couple of seconds , until the recovery menu appears . in the recovery menu , select factory-reset ( sometimes labeled " reset to factory defaults " or similar ) . this will wipe all user data ( including settings and the apps you have installed ) from the device , and thus also your preferences for the lock .
i am not sure i understand you correctly , but i assume that you have accidentally locked your phone using the Android Device Manager . i suggest you try these steps : open android device manager website . login to the same google account set up on your locked device . select your locked device on the website . explore the ' device lock ' options and unlock from there .
the most impact on smoothness improvements had newer android releases , notably 4.1 jelly bean , but 4.2 and 4.3 also added new techniques to make it more smooth ( project butter in 4.1 , triple buffering in 4.3 , emmc trim support in 4.3 ) . almost all recent hardware has 1gb+ ram , a sufficient graphics processor and multiple cores to enable smooth ui operation . usually , the premium line is best , but in general look at devices with recent android versions . google 's nexus line has the best support here .
it is not that simple . the ' headline ' specs certainly matter , but so do a lot of things they do not print on the spec sheet : the ram controller speed , the cpu and gpu l2 cache sizes , the power management settings , etc . it might have a 2 ghz quad-core cpu , but that is no use if it is always underclocked for power or heat reasons , or it is always waiting for the ram . cheap chinese devices in particular often have good specs on the spec sheet , but they pair those with the cheapest components they can find , to keep the price down . the quality of the software integration is a big factor . old , buggy drivers , or wrong settings chosen by the manufacturer 's software people , can really reduce performance . if they have also changed the system apps ( particularly the launcher or the system ui ) , or included some always-running crapware or spyware , that'll slow things down too . really , the number on the product description that is best correlated with smooth performance is the one after the dollar sign .
verified that this bug does indeed exist on the razr maxx hd ( running 4.1.1 )
here is how a samsung gt-s5300 was unlocked which according to the user would not recognise its screen lock pin anymore . no data was lost during the process . the device was not rooted , nor did it had anything fancy installed . an internet connection ---wifi or g2/3/4--- is required though . unplug the charger from your device . install the free version of screen lock bypass reset . ignore any warnings about purchasing the pro version . once installed , a bypass can be activated by plugging in the charger . the black screen lock bypass reset screen appears . hit the return key ⏎ on your device to show the temporarily unlocked device desktop . this offers a window of opportunity to approve the lock and erase application which can be sent from any internet the google android device manager website . after approval , it may take anything up to half an hour to become visible on the google android device manager website . once visible on the website , click on Lock to enter a new pin . the device can now be unlocked with the new pin .
yes , you can delete the pin data from the settings database . in the below instructions , anything that follows a # or sqlite&gt; is a command you should enter ( from an adb shell ) : when the phone reboots the pin lock should be disabled . if this does not work then try executing the following from within sqlite ( second might not be needed ) : sqlite&gt; select * from secure; sqlite&gt; select * from system;  these two commands will simply list all entries in the secure and system tables , respectively . that will help you find the proper rows that need to be deleted in the case that they are named differently ( though i do not think they will be as i just tested this on my own cyanogenmod 7 install ) .
middle mouse button does it for me !
unfortunately there is currently no way to get the right mouse button working as a right mouse button . long press is the only way to do it . sorry .
restarting the phone usually solve this problem for me . alternatively remove your sd card and put it back . . .
the reason it does not work properly is this : the init.rc script resides in within the ramdisk attached to the boot image . hence the init.rc script that was edited and pushed across is now overwritten by the boot image 's own script upon reboot - effectively changes are lost ! you need to extract the boot image , using every boot image has the kernel and the ramdisk . the tools available to do this can be found here . extracting when invoking the script split_bootimg.pl on a boot image it will recreate the following : boot . kernel boot . ramdisk . gz the two files are obviously self-explanatory . to extract the ramdisk , create a directory called ramdisk and from that directory , invoke this : gzip -dc | cpio -i , to recreate the directory structure that is used in the ramdisk which gets flipped over to the live file-system upon boot . in there , the file that is of pertinent information is init.rc . now that can be modified to your heart 's content . putting it back together go back up a directory level , and issue this - mkbootfs ***RAMDisk*** | gzip &gt; my_custom_ramdisk.gz . then , to " attach " the original kernel to the boot image , issue the following : mkbootimg -base 0x.... -kernel boot.kernel -ramdisk my_custom_ramdisk.gz -o my_custom_boot.img . at this point now , a boot image has been constructed , then that boot image will now have to be flashed via fastboot flash boot my_custom_boot.img . tl ; dr changes are lost upon re-boot because the script is not properly edited which required extracting the boot image and modifying it and re-packing it . once re-packed and then the boot image is re-flashed , the changes will be permanent . this is done every-time the changes are needed .
just follow these directions to install the android driver . . . very easy ! how to install android driver
go and download the android sdk installer . when the sdk setup tool runs , you can select the usb drivers the drivers will be in &lt ; install_directory&gt ; extras\google\usb_driver find the android_winusb . inf and right click it click install if right click -> install does not work , then try the following start menu -> right click computer -> click properties click device manager ( on the left ) find the device in the hardware list , will probably have a " warning icon " right click the item and select update driver software select browse my computer for driver software select the usb driver directory noted above check include subfolders click next finished . . . your device should now have usable drivers so you can mount the sdcard . for reference , the android sdk documents also has a page with links to many of the different oem drivers too .
rooting a phone generally does not affect it visibly much , other than a new " superuser " app in the app drawer . rooting only provides ability to gain elevated privileges , with the superuser app acting like the gatekeeper for other apps requesting such privileges . superoneclick is the preferred method for rooting the infuse 4g . if you are unsure if that succeeded , here 's what you can try to check if your phone was indeed rooted : from the market install the terminal emulator app . launch the app , and using the on-screen keyboard type in su and press enter . if your phone is rooted , a new dialog named " superuser request " should come up . tap the " allow " button . you should see a pound sign # . now type in reboot and press enter . if at this point your phone reboots , you have root . otherwise you will receive the following message " reboot: Operation not permitted" this means the rooting did not complete successfully and you may want to re-try it by following any of many guides found online . p.s. please be sure to follow the guide designed for your specific device . not all infuses are the same - there are differences between the at and t version and rogers ' , for example .
you could use something like anki . it is a flashcard program using spaced-repetition to help you learn vocabulary and other similar things . there is a free desktop app , as well as a compatible free android app called ankidroid . the two apps can sync to each other through " the cloud " , so you could use it to add cards on your pc when you find a new word , then learn those flashcards on your android device . anki supports non-latin characters and scripts , and you can add images too ( if you want to learn to recognise a sign , for instance ) . you can even download decks of cards made by other users .
your best bet would probably be to backup using adb backup and restore it to the new device . the command you would use is : adb backup -all -f C:\backup.ab or substitute the path of your choice in place of c : . the full process and entire list of options ( which you could use to backup and restore specific apps and settings , like your homescreen ) can be found here .
neither of the system-e-mails apps ( e-mail and gmail ) on my nexus4 is able to accomplish that task - very annoying indeed . so the basic answer is propably : you can not . but there are mail-apps capable of doing so . one of it is k9-mail .
you can pay for whatsapp with paypal on their own site , so it must have been from there . you can download the app here . . . http://www.whatsapp.com/android/ and , as it says on that page . . . if you already paid for the service you will not be asked to pay for it again .
if you bought it with paypal , it must not have been through the market . suggest you contact the developer for advice .
turned out that apparently on g+ the albums take the date of the most recent picture of that album , while on picasa web album there is a date for the album , i do not know why but sometimes the date for the album on picasa is the same as the one on g+ , others times is simply the date when you created the album . anyway it is possible to change that date from the web interface of picasa by selecting an album and editing his property , it is a bit annoying if you have a lot of them but finally now i have all my picasa album properly ordered in my gallery on android . : )
i have this same problem , intermittently , with my n1/froyo/cm6 . i do not know why it happens , but it is been happening since the froyo update afair . i have noticed it happens less often if i stay in one place . this led me to the theory that , since i live at a university , the fact that networks will pop in and out of range even as i enter my dorm and walk up to my room will make my n1 think that the network 's unstable and thus disable it . toggling definitely fixes the issue .
i have had a similar problem , though intermittent , on my adp2 ( =mytouch 3g ) running froyo ( via cm6 ) . i believe that networks become disabled when a connection attempt fails . i suspect something like the first connection attempt occurring when you are only barely in range , and once that fails , the network is " disabled " until you explicitly choose it and successfully connect .
you could kill two birds with one stone . . . y5 is a little app that automatically toggles the wifi connection when you enter/leave cells with known wifi access points . i would bet that toggling wifi might help it connect when it detects a network it knows .
i have the same issue with my dell xcd35 ( froyo 2.2 ) i am guessing the issue is with the os and not the instrument . using all the possible techniques do not work . the only way the connection lasts is if the phone does not sleep - and since that is not an option . only solution is to downgrade ( i have no issues on my eclair 2.1 galaxy 3 ) or upgrade to gingerbread . if anyone has solved the matter without either of the above issues , please let me know too . i am stuck !
it might be worthwhile to invest in a charge only cable . i use one for my tablet at home and in my car . the quality of the usb cable will also make a difference . cables do go bad . it sounds like you have ruled out all the other options so this might be worth trying .
i just checked charging details of my phone through this app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.playfulgeeks.chargingreport
take a tooth brush and clean off the battery connector points in the battery casing of your phone .
charging is a simple process and can be represented by the below ( simplified ) equation : rate of charge = rate of electricity flow - rate of depletion to maximize the rate at which your phone charges at , you want to reduce the rate it is using up your battery as far as possible , and increase the speed at which current is flowing into your phone as much as possible . reducing battery usage this is pretty standard stuff , turn off all unnecessary toggles and apps . disable wifi , bluetooth , gps , and any constantly running apps . if you happen to be charging your phone in an area with poor or no cellular signal , the constant searching for mobile networks could be a significant contributing factor . go to settings-> battery usage ( or something similar , i do not own a samsung device so i can not be sure ) , and look at what is using up your battery . if possible , consider turning on airplane mode , or even turning your phone off completely to minimise battery usage . increasing speed of current flow look at the thing you are plugging your usb cable into . if you are charging it via your computer , chances are the current flow is around 1a or lower . that is okay , but not great . look around your house , or see if you can get your hands on a tablet charger . those often provide current at 1.5a or even 2a at times . that is twice the speed of a 1a charger . also , look at where you are plugging your charger into . if the socket is already heavily overloaded , consider plugging it in somewhere else , for safety 's sake at least still very slow . . . if at this stage , it is still charging very slowly , your battery may be the issue . since it seems to work fine in your friend 's phone , it may simply be your phone providing inaccurate information . try calibrating your phone 's battery and see if that helps .
using a 5v-2a charger will reduce the charging time . it works for me .
for applications installed from market , you can go to Market &gt; Downloads for application name and developer info ; however built-in applications ( e . g . phone , calendar , other applications installed by default ) often are not shown in market list ( neither will they show in manage application either ) .
why not use the built-in wi-fi , and use a network monitor tool like fing ?
i found this solution --i am a little bit nervous about installing it though ( it requires flashing the phone . ) better solutions would be preferred !
yes you can - from this thread on xda-developers , you can use the apk on unrooted phones , depending on your android version . remember to pick the correct version for your phone .
if you open a file as context . mode_private , then the file is created in /data/data/app_packagename and is only accessible to your app . you can see the permission and owner of these files in command line . adb shell ls -al drwxr-x--x 1 app_28 app_28 2048 Dec 6 2011 com.android.mms  but files in sdcard is public to all user , so you cannot find out which folder belong to which app . files saved to the external storage are world-readable and can be modified by the user when they enable usb mass storage to transfer files on a computer . see this link for details .
yes it is possible . you have to install one application from market . there is an option to send all contacts via bluetooth or email . but i do not see any option to send a group of contacts in android system . there is an application called go contacts with which we can group the contacts and send it via email , sms or bluetooth . its a free application available on android market .
separate widget app may be available in case when wigdet covers only a small subset of the main application functionality . however , for the weather app and weather app widget the main difference is the screen representation , the processing routines are almost the same . i am sorry to say , but it is very unlikely to find the weather application with the separate widget . moreover , with the froyo/eclair moving into the obsolescence quite steady and newer version of android having " unlimited " app storage in the range of 8-16gb , it is very unlikely the new developers will ever be inclined to make that kind of widget app .
you can do this by holding the power button + the home button simultaneously .
yes , there is . tap the " multi " button in the tool bar at the top .
press the " multi " button and then select the files/folders you want , as explained on their help site : to select multiple files in astro you simply click the " multi " button . then , you choose the files or folders you would like to work with ( you will know they are selected because the names will turn orange . if you want to copy or move files , go to the location you want those files and press the copy or move buttons . if you want to delete , simply press the delete button and they will be removed .
the missing piece of information is that play music ( and most other music apps ) do not go round looking for music files . it would be a waste of battery if every app had to scan the storage for files ! instead , there is one built-in app , the media-scanner , that looks for music files and makes a database of their metadata : that is , the app reads the id3 tags from each file and stores the track name , artist , album and so on . any app on the device can access this database to find music files . ( it works the same way for videos and pictures . ) the app has to know to update this database , so when an app downloads new files , it has to tell this media scanner the new files are there . obviously btsync is not doing this . on older android versions it used to be possible for an app to just tell the media scanner to scan everything . this was a useful workaround for when apps like btsync did not do their duty , but it also meant some lazy app authors did this instead of telling the media scanner what files to scan , wasting the battery . for this reason , it is not possible to do this on android 4.4 . in the first instance , you should ask btsync 's author to tell the media scanner when it downloads a file . then there will not be any problem at all . until they fix their app , you should try one of the workarounds in this question .
there are quite a few replacement dialer apps in the market - just search for ' dialer ' . there are quite a few , both paid and free . i have only tried one ( dialer one ) just to confirm that it can indeed replace the default dialer , but i do not think it is sensible to go into any particular dialer 's merits here .
root permissions means that you have full permissions to all the items of the kernel . i do not see how you can use an app that requires root permissions to work when the user shell you are operating does not have it . as far as the in 's and out 's of manipulating a shell for root permissions i have no idea .
you can read here . i think it is useful for you .
have you tried this guide from rootgalaxynote ? this answer is pending an edit . site is currently blocked at my location .
if the displayed detailed would be complete , you had be correct : 1.28g + 7.28g + 200k + 282m + 762m = 9.6 gb total space -- while the summary says 13.24g . explanation is easy : the details list is not complete . it e.g. misses cache , temporary files , log files , tombstones , and probably some more . where to find those ? in the file system , and for completeness this requires root . for some more details , please take a look at corresponding questions by following the tags internal-memory and storage . a good source to start with is the question something is secretly eating up my tablet memory and i need help finding it .
from your contact list , select the facebook contact that you would like to edit . click the menu button and choose edit contact . you will see an indication that the user is a facebook contact and may not be edited . now click the menu button again and choose new contact . this will create a new contact in your address book and merge the facebook profile information with that contact . you may now edit the contact to have additional details , such as a phone number .
this is for battery calibration . basically there is a sensor in your phone that is used by your phone to tell how full/empty the battery is . this sensor does not actually know how full your battery is , all it knows is how much power is coming from your battery at the time . the problem it has is that all batteries are slightly different , and their capacity goes down over time and usage ( a three year old battery will not be able to hold as much charge as a brand new battery ) . your phone keeps a record of the maximum power it is ever had from the battery , as well as knowing the minimum power that it can safely work with before it has to turn itself off . it uses the difference between those two numbers , and the current power at any time to calculate how much percentage of your battery you have left at that time . so with a new battery , the phone might be telling you that the battery is fully charged because it is charged to the highest level the phone 's ever seen , but if you leave it charging a bit longer then it might charge more , and then the phone can recalibrate itself and use this new value as the most it is ever seen . you should only need to do this " over-charging " with a brand new phone/battery , after that the phone know the maximum values , and can more accurately tell you when it is full .
try solcalendar . it worked for my droid phone .
use jorte calendar on your android . it will sync with yahoo calendar . play store links : jorte calendar jorte sync
there are several ways you could use to sync your yahoo ! calendar with your android device . using a CSV file . you can export your yahoo calendar to a csv file and import it into your google calendar . this method is somewhat manual and you will have to do this each time you create an event in your yahoo calendar . more details use yahoo ! app for android you can use the official app for android developed by yahoo inc . to access your yahoo calendar as well as your mail , news , im , videos and more . download from the play store use third party apps to calendar syncing there are many apps in tur play store which can be used to do this . calcsync is an app which syncs yahoo caoendar with the stock calendar .
i just downloaded caldav-sync beta and it took some fooling around , but seems to be working now .
i had the same issue , however , i use yahoos webhosting for my own domain . you can not sync , nor view domains the mobile site or app . i actually had to move to googles calendar . bad thing is reminders only show up in your google email . so i had to set a email filter in gmail that will forward all google calendar email reminders to my other domain . this is working but a pain to set up .
i use a calendar app called acalendar and sync it to my yahoo calendar with another app called smoothsync . you have to set up both apps once , but then smoothsync runs in the background and syncs acalendar ( or the native calendar app ) with yahoo . it has worked very well for me .
you can silence the call without rejecting it by pressing and/or holding the physical volume down button . note that some phones accept a single momentary press , whilst others require you to hold the button for a moment or two . it seems samsungs tend to fall into the latter group .
here are the details about the rooting s3 mini http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2185700
enhanced email claims to support outgoing html emails .
so i flashed the twrp recovery instead of clockworkrom , and this was able to activate mass storage mode . the rest was history - copied the rom zip file and installed it as usual . sadly , my internal 32 gb storage was totally wiped out , so i have lost my titaniumbackup folder , a bunch of songs ( that i can copy again anyway ) and some photos .
the reason for the bluetooth icon being disabled is that you have not paired the phone with a device that supports the headset profile . bluetooth uses profiles to categorize which services a device supports , and macs do not support acting as a headset , only connecting to a headset ( see list of supported profiles ) . to use this functionality , you had need additional software which enables the mac to act as a headset and connect to a headset gateway ( which your phone most likely supports ) .
try to clear data and cache . settings --> apps --> select google player ( click on it ) --> clear data and cache and just turn off sync with google play music ( this may be the cause of your issue ) .
you have to go to the store where you bought it so they can have it checked . maybe the battery must not be totally drained . have them checked your phone since it still has warranty if you just bought it few months ago .
yes , assigning a google account to a phone would incur data charges unless syncing is disabled as it will regularly sync calendars , email , etc . even so , other data related services may come into play ( eg , play store app update checking and downloading ) .
this depends on two factors . settings > wireless and network settings > mobile networks data enabled , if that is checked , all internet data goes through the telephony layer and treated as internet data . the other spot is in - settings > accounts and sync settings - background data and auto-sync are checked , it will chew up the bandwidth ( provided data enabled is checked from the previous spot above ) then yes , data charges will increase .
awesome drop can be used to accomplish this for smaller files . install the app https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dashwire.drop on your computer , open their site , enter the pairing code and drop files into the browser . it is pretty slick and easy to use . i use dropbox for most of my needs , it does not sync to my phone , but works for having files i want , close at hand .
use pushbullet this is the best way i found to do it . it has a web interface , a chrome extension and a firefox extension . it lets you push files , notes , lists , urls and addresses . it is only limitation is filesize under 10mb .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) allows you to push files to your android device over xmpp . using xmpp as transport , the " desktop app " can be every xmpp client . which is one of the big advantages of maxs , as it does not need a dedicated desktop app . although there may be one in the future . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
gtalksms is able to send , browse and receive files from your android phone via xmpp ( gtalk ) . it is also a remote sms notifier and has various other features . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved in gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
i wrote an app called browser to phone . my app is similar to chrometophone , but it allows you to actually download the links to your phone : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.wiirecords.chrometophone
dropbox and ubuntu one has android client . foxtophone has a hidden feature to push arbitrary file from firefox to your phone .
in cyanogenmod at least , plugging a phone into your computer will make it offer to turn on usb mass storage , which exposes the sd card as writable . that is about as " drag and drop " as one can get . post specifics on your phone if you do not get this prompt . opinion : with data plans no longer being unlimited in the us , why not use a cable ?
if you are running a stock rom , i suggest you root the phone ( the warranty 's way gone ) and upgrade it to cyanogenmod 4 ( android 1.6 ) or cyanogenmod 6 ( android 2.2 ) . battery life is very good on 4 ; 6 is more recent version of android -- however there are some additional hoops to jump through to get it installed . the first step in most dream rooting instructions is to downgrade it to a vulnerable version , so you will lose data stored on the phone . you might have luck with one of the " one-click root " programs but if you can not kill the " power options " dialog every few seconds , you may just need to flash it with the rc29 dreaimg . nbh .
disabling fast boot may resolv the problem as it did for my brotrher
found it . there is a direct dial widget you can add from the applications/widgets menu . when you select this , it prompts you to choose a contact . there are also shortcut widgets for direct message , open contact , etc .
without root you only have the control the app developers give you : if an app allows you to configure this behaviour , you can do so -- otherwise you can not . if your device were rooted , on the other hand , you'ld have several possibilities : use droidwall to define which apps may use 3g , which wifi , which both , and which none ( 1st pic below ) use lbe privacy guard to do the same , and more ( 2nd pic ) use autorun manager to disable certain listeners of apps , so they no longer get informed about network changes ( 3rd pic ; experienced users only ! ) this is just a selection , and thus the list is very incomplete . as you already wrote your device is not rooted , it does not make sense to put all those details here ; it is just to give you an idea what would be possible with root , not to elaborate all options ; )
different wallpapers drain the battery differently . it really depends on how many different factors the wallpaper is paying attention to . is it just being pretty or is it altering itself based on every movement of your phone ? the best way to find out is to simply test it yourself . spend one charge of your phone running a live wallpaper . when you get near the end of the battery charge , open up your phone 's settings . go to " about phone " -> " battery " -> " battery use " . this screen will show you all services that have used up more than 2% of your battery 's charge . your first reaction will probably be that it is taking up a lot when you see " display " draining the most but that is not taking into account wallpaper . the live wallpaper , if it has used more than 2% ( some do not ) , will show up as it is own service . they will pull more than a normal wallpaper ( that is a given ) but some will not effect it the battery charge nearly as much as say your widgets or the brightness of the display . turn down the brightness and you could probably offset the difference in battery charge of running a live wallpaper .
same problem here . with 2 nexus 7s , one did not sync and the other did . the google drive app seems to be the curlpit . after uninstalling and reinstalling drive sync started working properly .
do i just have something disabled that is preventing it from waking up ? there is no user-visible setting in android for disabling alarms . that would kind of defeat their purpose ! the only way you can have disabled alarms is if you have rooted the device and gone around uninstalling system apps or poking at the internals . if you have , we had need to know a lot more detail on what you have done to know if that is the cause , and the fix would probably be to flash a new rom . this does sound like the kind of system integration error you might find on an incredibly cheap tablet . not quite a hardware issue , but a bug in the device 's software . if it is , the only way to fix it would be to try to get an update from the manufacturer , but if you do not even know who they are , you might be out of luck .
the only clue i could find is from their website where they state run android apps in the browser stream apps to any device or platform , on demand so , it appears they use some sort of streaming technology where the app runs in an android emulator instance running in their cloud and the content of the display is streamed to the clients browser . that would mean that technically , android does not run in the clients browser . the browser just acts as frontend to an ( emulated i guess ) android instance .
basically , the replacement lockscreen program will have a service running that recognizes when the phone ' locks ' and then overrides the default lockscreen with the one you have created through that app . there is typically a delay of a few seconds , so it is possible to still see the default lockscreen on occasion . i have been using WidgetLocker for some time now and have been very happy with it . it is available on the market .
i have a similar profile for nighttime and i do not use an exit task . since the task only runs during the time span you specify , it should shut off by itself once it is 7:30am .
there is a known hardware issue with the htc g2 . mine used to be hung at a black screen randomly when i tried to turn the screen on and unlock it . if your warranty has not already expired , start the process to get a replacement . the replacement i got has not experienced any of those issues .
if it is not rooted and not running a custom rom , a factory reset will reset everything back to stock and wipe the internal sd card . if you also wipe the external sd card , you will have a clean slate . checkout chapter update and reset , section resetting htc evo 3d , ( page 209 ) of the manual : http://www.htc.com/managed-assets/support/user-guide/user-manual/htc-evo-3d/110803_shooteru_htc_wwe_um.pdf quoting the manual : resetting htc evo 3d do a factory reset to return htc evo 3d to its original state before the first time you turned it on . if you’re passing htc evo 3d on to someone else or htc evo 3d has a persistent problem that cannot be solved , you can perform a factory reset ( also called a hard reset ) . factory reset is not a step to be taken lightly . it’ll permanently delete all your data and customized settings , and will remove any applications you’ve downloaded and installed . be sure to back up any data and files you want to keep before you do a factory reset .
no . to move the app to /system/app directory your phone must be already rooted . you would want to install apex launcher as system app i.e. install in /system/app because of the following reason . note : due to limitations of the android framework , you will not be able to add widgets from the drawer unless apex launcher is installed as a system app ( root required ) . please read the faq for more information . if i misunderstood your question and if you were asking if installing app as system app in a rooted phone is that easy , then the answer is yes . you can do it as you have said and once you remove it , your phone will be back to the " ok " state . you can also use program like es file explorer or use adb to install as a system app .
the install fail is likely due to your system being read only . if you use es explorer , select tools and root explorer , and remount system to rw and try to install again . also make sure your launcher ( if it allows hiding icons ) is not hiding your contacts app
i have experienced the same issue on my galaxy s2 ( android version 2.3.5 ) . it was cause by youtube , not the call app . when i saw the log related to youtube , i tried to start youtube by touching its icon , but it failed to start . you can try to see if you can start youtube now . then i went to " settings/application/manage applications " and found " youtube " . cleared its data and cache . now try to start youtube again . if it cannot start , check if you has disabled data sync . enable it in " settings/account and sync/background data " . try to sync your data to allow youtube to update . after youtube is updated , it should be ok for the call app to work properly . hope this can also fix your problem . cheers .
are you able to replicate the same error on other computers and oss ? if it is just your computer , remove all drivers and related software and then connect your device and add them again . otherwise , you can attempt to ftp to your device using solid explorer . it does not require a cable ; you had be able to transfer files over wifi ( albeit a little slower ) .
re-installing the ' google play services ' updates solved the problem for me . simply go to Manage Apps &rarr ; Google Play Services and press Uninstall Updates . now if you start google hangouts again it will ask you to update google play services . if you do so , it will bring up google play where you can install the update . after this , google hangouts started without any problems on my tablet .
please read the main how do i root my android device from this site . this is a blog on rooting the device and installing gapps on the device ( if necessary ) . this is the xda thread on the root apk this should be a one click rooting process . this is a recovery / rom for the device as always the disclaimer to this applies : rooting your phone may void your carrier and manufacturer warranty . you accept all responsibility if you brick your device . if you are ever in doubt stop ! this is not something to take lightly . read this also as it relates to the risk of rooting a device . and once more i have to emphasise : always backup everything , all the time . then back it up again .
looks like it is logged as an android bug . if i am reading right , there is no current plan for the android team to address this .
you could try android bot maker which can automate taps at particular co-ordinates . . swipes etc . . but root access is needed for this app . . .
cyanogenmod nightly builds are development snapshots . anything can be broken in them from one night to the next . you should not try to use a nightly for your " everyday " phone as problems like the one you describe are common . report the bug to the developers and switch to a stable release ( or , if you are feeling brave ) a release candidate or milestone release .
my phone has spontaneously changed to this configuration on the lock screen . i would like to get back to the previous configuration of the clock at the top and the full size pattern lock . it is impossible to drag or otherwise change the position of the widgets or pattern lock dots on the lock screen . once unlocked , there is no interface to adjust the lock screen widgets . galaxy s4 sgh-m919 , android 4.2.2 , touchwiz . does anyone know how to configure this aspect of the lock screen ?
provided you are rooted and your rom supports changing the boot animation , there are a number of apps in the play store . here 's one - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jrummy.apps.boot.animations
the problem here is that adb forwarding attaches itself to the local loopback interface ( 127.0.0.1 ) , and you have no forwarding from the lan interface ( 192.168.43.198 ) to the loopback interface . the method you can use to achieve this depends on your platform . i do not know what you could use in windows , but on linux you can use rinetd and on osx you can use ipfw linux : add the following lines to your /etc/rinetd.conf: # bindaddress bindport connectaddress connectport 192.168.43.198 40000 127.0.0.1 40000  then restart rinetd with service rinetd restart or /etc/init.d/rinetd restart . osx : ipfw add fwd 127.0.0.1,40000 tcp from any to 192.168.43.198 dst-port 40000 
i say go to play store , when you will open my apps section the backed up apps will be downloaded automatically . make sure that you are connected to wifi or 3g .
on my google nexus s , the only way i have found is to use browser access to my gmail contacts , or to log the birthday as a note then transfer later . my htc incredible s can capture birthdays natively in the htc people application , but overall i prefer the " native " google look and feel to htc 's . as far as i could tell looking at a galaxy nexus in a shop on release day , this is still true for ice cream sandwich ( ics ) , at least in the native google application . not good - hope it is fixed soon .
on my phone , i can not enter contact 's birthdays , but if i have previously entered their birthday on gmail then it does appear in their contacts entry on the phone , and i can edit it there . not that useful , as the birthday field is something you are likely to add to someone , and then its not very likely to ever change after that ! one workaround that i use if i am entering this on the phone is to add their birthday into the notes field , and then later on when i am at a pc i can go into gmail and put the birthday in properly . this is using the contacts app on a galaxy s using their stock froyo ( 2.2.1 ) .
i can edit the birthdays in the " people " app on my htc desire just fine ( running android 2.2 ) . so maybe it is a phone-dependent thing ?
no , at this point in time , the only way is to go to the contacts section in gmail and edit a contact 's birthday afaik .
the privacy guard is not available on stable builds , only on nightlies . source : privacy guard probably will not make it to the stable build until the next major release ( 10.2 ) .
i think special characters and numbers are grouped together , and would appear at the top when sorted alphabetically . the way i would order special contacts is just like what you suggested , prefixing them with z so they had move to the bottom .
depending on your phone ( please update your question with your specific model ) , the call screen does have an option to turn off bluetooth . that will turn off bluetooth audio routing for just that current call ( and conference calls made while that one is active/on hold ) . i have only used cyanogenmod ; cm6 and cm7 both have this option on the call screen . if your phone 's ui has been customized by the vendor , it may have been removed .
[ this is probably not the complete answer you are looking for , i can not comment though ] i am running a nexus 4 with 4.4.2 and it supports tethering of the wifi connection out of the box . i think it was already able to do that when i got it , meaning this should work at least with > = 4.2 .
you can open a telnet connection to the avd : telnet localhost 5554  then once connected : power capacity 100  or power status full  source : android developers : using the emulator
i have nexus 7 with stock jelly bean 4.2 . wallpapers are stored in /system/app/launcher2 . apk/res/drawable-sw600dp-nodpi as wallpaper_01.jpg to wallpaper_14.jpg but your picture is not here . i checked wallpapers in version 4.1.1 online here : https://bitbucket.org/neuralassembly/jcrom_packages_apps_launcher2/src/bd231599ae9f/res/drawable-sw600dp-nodpi and your picture is not here too . what android version do you have ?
its actually the wallpaper from golauncher ex . you can download it in the play store .
since you do not have a dialer app in the tablet , ali kabiri 's answer can not be directly used . but there is a way to get into a mode where you can enter these " service codes " . see this blog post for images . open the contacts app exit the initial setup if it pops up go to menu -> settings long-press the blank space in the bottom of the screen , in the middle ( see images in link ) a button called " enter service code " should appear tap the button to get a " dialer " enter the code *#*#73556673#*#* demo mode should now be deactivated !
you can dial <code> *#*#sellmore#*#* or *#*#73556673#*#* </code> and you will not see the demo mode anymore , but a normal retail phone does not have demo mode activated . . . and you have to consider that demo-activated phones does not have warranty . edit : as onik said , if your tablet does not have dialer application installed , so you have to access the service menu for inserting service commands , so you can do the following as described in the link : xperia tablet z : how to access the service menu
an app like root firewall ( needs root ) should work . ☆ block internet access for any apps :
on cm go to settings > applications open the application you want to restrict . scroll down to the permissions section and strike off internet access by clicking on the permission . alternatively you could use an application like lbe privacy guard to restrict access . with this method you can restrict any permission . sometimes apps start force-closing when you revoke permissions so be careful !
i just saw that you do not want to block the calls , but send to voicemail . my mistake . as easy as one , two , three : ) call settings -> blacklist -> small icon at the bottom corner -> private numbers that is for cm-10.2.0 might be a little different if you have another version , but you get the idea .
there are apk 's out there . i use it on my desire and it is a great keyboard alternative .
answering your questions : the beta is still running http://beta.swype.com/ the beta is currently closed
stock froyo , i assume you mean froyo with htc sense on top of it . you would have to root your phone and then load a froyo rom . how to root htc desire see here for instructions to install custom rom : modaco froyo with sense
i have latest official firmware sgs . i can see hindi website , but no bangla . . . . . at all ! ! ! u can use the procedure to see bangla fonts by http://suhreed.wordpress.com/2011/04/27/how-to-install-bangla-font-on-samsung-galaxy-tab/ or http://blog.mehedi.me/bangla-font-on-android/ thanking you
here 's a workaround using opera mini . download and install opera mini ( om ) . try accessing a site like the one cited above - http://bn.wikipedia.org if it does not work out of the box , do the following : in the address bar , type opera:config navigate to the option use bitmap fonts for complex scripts and set it to yes the fonts and script lettering should now be visible , albeit as images instead of text . that'll make content visible , but unlike text non-selectable .
what is the version of your os in s1 ? if you are at least on froyo , that should be doable for some applications . note that not all can be moved to sd . if you are on eclair i believe you can not do this . s plus is on gingerbread so it should work fine .
i do not know whether or not this is going to help in your case , but a friend told me that if you set your language to english us ( as opposed to english gb , ca , au , nz etc . ) , you get a different/better voice recognition engine .
no , there is not . the official product website does not offer this as a feature , and i have tested with its little brother , the moga pro . incidentally , i have never noticed any lag or unresponsiveness when using a moga pro with a nexus 10 on 4.2 or 4.4.2 . perhaps your lag can be blamed on a specific app you are running ?
you will not be able to do this without being rooted . lots of custom roms ( custom android oss ) will have this built in , or there are apps to do this as well .
the logo you are referring is known as Boot Logo . you can only change this if your phone 's rooted . after that you can change the logo by replacing logo.bin from the system folder manually or your can flash any zip file through cwm/twrp custom recovery 's .
you have to be rooted , but any boot animation changer can do this . here is an example from the play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jrummy.apps.boot.animations
no , you do not have to reload or delete anything . however do make sure you take a nandroid backup before you install one of those kernels . you can potentially get into a reboot-loop that can only be broken by flashing another ( lower mhz ) kernel or restoring to a previous nandroid backup . i went from stock kernel to now running the ultra low voltage 800mhz chevyno1 kernel . i could not get it go any faster with ultra low voltage without a reboot-loop . basically you will start with the lowest processor speed kernel at a certain voltage and work your way up . so try ulv 800mhz , if it runs stable at 800mhz , try the 1ghz , then the 1.1ghz , etc . if you are wanting to conserve battery , then try the ulv kernel . if you are wanting processor speed , the lv kernel should be just fine . your mileage will vary because no two droid processors are made exactly a like ( because these kernels are going outside of the processor 's design specifications ) .
personally , i use quickcopy - it may be as close as you will get to your ideal . the only part it will not do is automatically paste into the field you want it to , but it does provide quick access .
try clipnote
you could try smart clipboard : http://www.appbrain.com/app/smart-clipboard/net.xdevelop.cp it claims to do just what you are asking . personally i use uber keyboard : http://www.appbrain.com/app/uber-keyboard-%28text-voice%29/com.pwnwithyourphone.talktomekbd it give you suggestions while you type which i usually ignore but it also let 's you set custom mappings . so i set it up so the 1st two letters of my email are mapped to my full email address so when i type in mw it shows my full email as a suggestion so i can insert it without having to open another app . i have set a bunch of other custom mappins as well for commonly entered things .
i am the creator of clipper , a free clipboard manager app . in addition to the clipboard history feature , you can also store snippets , which is what you are looking for .
in google play store , click the My Play activity link . source .
i am also using a asus transformer prime tablet but the play runs very well in that . i would suggest the following , restart the tablet . try to charge for atleast 8 hours also did u install the latest firmware that is being provided by asus , that firmware is a bug filled update . do not update that . if you have updated it then it could be because of that .
i was on the verge of packing the tablet up and returning it to amazon and thought i would try one last thing . i took the tablet to a friends house and tried it on their wifi just to double check it was not my network . the table worked first time and i used google play to install a number of apps . i then took the tablet back to my house and google play continued to work and i installed some more apps . i have no idea what my router was blocking that prevented google play from working but it seems fine now . if the problem returns i know the issue is with my router now , not the tablet .
to answer your question about launchers : yes , they are like explorer . exe on windows . most launchers will replace the home screens and app-launching window . some may even affect the app-switching , but you might have to play around with them . a short list ( note : not complete ) of alternative launcher apps : nova launcher adwlauncher / adwlauncher ex ( paid ) go launcher ex launcherpro / launcherpro plus unlocker ( paid ) looking at the above apps you can see how they change the look-and-feel of the bulk of android 's ui . i have tried most of the above , and each have extensive options and tweaking abilities to get your home screens and app launchers to look the way you want them .
try app 2 sd , it should be able to move at least some of the apps . to set it to automatic , you will need the android sdk ( to use adb ) . from here , those commands should work ( worked for me on my samsung galaxy ace ) : adb devices probes android devices connected to the pc . do this first to assure that the phone is being detected . adb shell pm getinstalllocation this results in a numerical value to state where the default install location is ( 0: phone , 2: external ) . adb shell pm setinstalllocation 2 this sets the default install location to the external storage .
/dev/block/mmcblk0p6 is not a real file , it is a virtual file representing a block device ( that is why it is in /dev/block ) . ' mmcblk0p6' denotes that it is the sixth partition of the first mmc card . i am not really sure why you want to cat that file .
i found this answer useful . it might help you with what you are looking to accomplish : log file locations as an alternative , there is an app that can help you analyze logs : alogcat ( free ) - logcat
the easiest way is through rom manager ( you can find it in the market ) . after installing it , open it and select the . zip file for the rom you want to install . the phone will reboot into recovery mode . hit " reinstall packages " or something similar to replace this recovery with clockworkmod recovery from rom manager ( may have to do this twice ) . then your phone will go into this new recovery and install the rom . note you can also use a windows tool call odin , but you must have a rom specifically designed for odin . you might need to flash a " clockwork compatible " rom through odin before rom manager will work .
try looking at a black picture in the dark . with amoled the picture should be pure black . with slcd you should see the backlight making the picture look greyish .
since your phone is rooted you can use wanam xposed note that the framework itself does not add any functionality , but once installed you can download ( via the framework itself ) modules that have custom functionality . wanam xposed module has many tweaks for stock samsung touchwiz roms , gravitybox has many for morer ' stock ' type roms . you can change the sms limit through either , in the default sms application . please read the xda thread on this module as it has a lot of detail , and clarifications . xda thread
android mouse and keyboard might be able to do what you want . install it on one device , use it in bluetooth mode , and then sync that device 's virtual bluetooth keyboard and mouse to the other device just as you would a real bluetooth keyboard or mouse .
i have the same problem . i am using apple wireless keyboard and android ics 4.0 . i can pair and connect them both , but there is no additional ime in the input list . checking and unchecking the use as input option does not change anything . i am not sure if there should be one but some say bluetooth keyboard is supported out of the box in ics . also , some youtube videos show users who managed to connect them and typing right away without choosing any ime or anything . i am using bluekeyboard jp ( works well for me ) for the time being until i find a way to get it work natively without a third-party app .
found a possible solution from android central questions give it a shot . specifically , this post says to do the following : when pairing the keyboard with your device , it will prompt you to enter a pin and say " try 0000 or 1234 . " you need to : step 1 ) enter "0000" on your android device ( tablet or phone keyboard ) step 2 ) hit " okay " step 3 ) type "0000" and hit enter on your bluetooth keyboard
russian keyboard is a free app that allows you to choose different layouts ( languages ) for the hardware keyboard and the combination for switching between them ( alt+shift , alt+space or shift+space ) . works perfectly on my samsung with android 4.4 kitkat . note that selected layouts and the switching combination works as long as the app is selected as a current input method .
you can try ctrl+shift . this option better works for the xp . may be it can also work with you .
i confirm that setting the photo using the phone fixes the resolution , at least in some places ( my starred list seems to insist on low resolution ) . surprisingly , it turns out that if we add the contact to the starred in android group from contacts app in desktop , and then set the high-resolution photo , when this change gets synced with the phone the resolution gets fixed as well .
google contacts supports max . resolution of 98x98 apparently . hope they will fix this soon . anyway if you set high res . photos in the phone they will be displayed accordingly until you restore again your contacts from google servers .
what you are looking for is http://mightytext.net/ , it can provide you with access to your mobile phone sms and mms . there could be probably more have a look . .
very probably not . reason : while ( some ? ) usb dongles do support sending/receiving sms , android does not have a means to make use of it as is . 3rd party sms apps rely on the android api , but your device 's firmware is very probably not built to expose 3g dongle 's sms capabilities via that api .
your ending question differs in a little but significant point from your introductionary question . but let 's go step by step : sure it is possible to install an older version of an app over an already installed newer version . for a user app : make sure you have permitted installation from unknown-sources ( see its tag-wiki for details ) open/launch the .apk file using a file manager , web browser , or similar the package installer should fire , asking you if you want to replace the installed app by this " older version " . but be aware that though installation most likely succeeds , the app might experience problems if the newer version e.g. had updated the structure of its database ( i had this only once yet , and the affected app just force-closed when trying to start it ) . if in such a case you insist on using the old version , the only way to make it work is to clear its cache and data . now to your final question . this is not just about installing an older version , but about signing it . yes , that can be done as well . you have simply got to ask the developer of the original app to give you his signing key . trouble is , his answer will ( and should ) be " no " . alternatively , you might give him the files and ask him to sign them with his key . assuming it is the manufacturer 's company behind it , the expected answer again is a " no " , though . so your real question rather reads : i have got an app already installed on my device . is it possible to install a different ( older ) version of it which has a different signature ­– without rooting and patching system with lucky patcher or previously uninstalling the newer version ? the answer is : no , that is not possible : signature check will fail , so you had have to uninstall the app first when using the " normal approach " as shown above overriding this signature check without root imho is not possible changing the signature to match imho is not possible unless you have got the developers key
if you are using apex launcher , i remember that you can disable scrolling wallpaper in apex settings , just try to find this option yourself . fyi : touchwiz launcher does not have scrolling wallpaper from jelly bean up .
i use wallpaper wallpaper wizardrii™ from google play store which exactly matches your requirement . you can find details in the app 's wiki .
for all that they have improved the facebook app for android lately , it is still woefully underpowered . i do not see any way to filter anything within the app .
you will need to filter it through the web interface , then you will not see them in the fb app .
to control the breadth of activities this app declares for itself , it probably has set itself up as a device administrator , to control the ability to run many aspects of your device automatically . it probably hides itself from uninstall while device administrator rights are active . i would start by searching settings> security> device administrators , and deselect the android lost app . once deselected here , check the task list to see if it has stopped running . force close if necessary . it may then appear on the settings> application manager list to allow for uninstall . if not , attempt a reboot , and check the task list again . if necessary , force close the app again and attempt an uninstall . understanding of these types of apps and their unmittigated control is why downloading from unknown sources is intentionally complicated .
here is the free version of maps . me if you cannot afford buying the pro version . you can download . apk file directly to pc via apkleecher but you can not download maps of countries . you should install . apk to the mobile and then download required country 's map .
have you checked with maps . me — world offline maps ?
i guess these issues are solved as i have never encountered such on my desire hd .
there are solutions if you encounter problems ( which i did myself ) . one thing to try if you get " laggy " or " jagged " video is to disable usb debugging or uninstall the flash updates from market . i would imagine this issue does not occur on the latest batch of devices ; my friend 's just got the dhd and it is working fine .
maybe you could try changing to the install location to usb storage . it is already detecting it as usb storage , so maybe this would work . by the way , have you got a memory card inserted ?
i had a similar issue where i could not figure out what was taking up my phone 's storage . i used an app called diskusage to visualise the issue and find the folder causing the problem .
when i was developing two years ago i altered the gps settings on the device and they started outputting . txt files to the sd card . this made no sense to me and after looking into it if an application installed has this issue it will persist until the application is removed . i can not remember the folder location . i want to say /sdcard/gps/* but here is a reference if this was the issue : sd card fills up with gps/* . txt files
i can not tell what it will look like ( as i do not know all the details , e.g. your bt devices mac ) , but i can show you the way to create such a profile : condition : state → bluetooth connected ( parameter : bt mac of the ant+ device ) task : launch app ( select endomo ) worth reading : tasker user guide ( easy to look up things here ; )
i could solve the problem by updating to the newest firmware with kies . now my build number is froyo . xxjq3 and everythings works as it should .
sms messages ( aka " text messages" ) do not go over wi-fi , so it is not possible to track them that way . if you do not think you can install anything on the phone , the only way is through the carrier , and since intercepting other people 's communications is against the law in most places , they are not likely to help you do that .
aside from open ports that a network scanner would find , you may also be vulnerable to certain local exploits . the somewhat recently released x-ray app is designed to check for a number of known vulnerabilities ( though it is not capable of fixing them - you had need an updated version of android for that ) .
if you connect your phone to wifi , it will acquire ip address . so you will be able to scan it is network services for vulnerablities from your desktop pc with convient programs . i like nmap port scanner and zenmap shell for it . also it looks like guys are porting nmap to android . link 1 , link 2
huge edit . almost all of the " one-click root " methods exploit a security hole ; it is usually a privilege escalation exploit to get " temp root " as a first step . ( from there the scripts will go on to make /system read-write , allow writing to partitions that are normally read-only , etc . , in order to keep root access across reboots . ) obviously , if you can break the security of your phone , someone else can too . tl ; dr : if a root method exists for your phone that does not consist of " unlock the bootloader and flash whatever you want " - you have a security vulnerability .
is orbot a reasonable option ? does not do what you are describing but does protect your content . guardian has a decent number of encryption apps .
lifehacker suggests an app called ssh tunnel : ssh tunnel is an app that allows an android phone to connect to the internet using an ssh tunnel for a completely secure connection . it is great for those times when you have got no data signal , stuck at work or a coffee shop that only has public wi-fi available , and you need to be sure that nobody is snooping your sensitive personal information as you connect to sites .
i am using cyanogen 10 mod and there is an option to set " always on vpn " . i did not test it but it says " select a vpn to always stay connected to . do not allow any network activity unless vpn is connected . " not sure what version this was added in . i am on 10.1 on motorola xoom tablet cdma .
as for the " automatically connect to wi-fi nodes " part , the wi-fi ruler app is very good . it will automatically connect to aps , then it will actually try them to see if they have internet connectivity ( and blacklist them and try another one if they do not ) , automatically approve clickwalls ( panera , starbucks , . . . ) , save aps under different priority profiles , etc . combined with something that keeps a persistent tunnel going , this should be a solution .
set yor language by clicking on ' einstellungen ' or navigate directly to the english localized version : http://www.google.com/preferences?hl=en to set it there ( you can switch the ' hl=en ' for english to hl=hu for hungarian or any other you want in the link ) . setting your start page is not what you want : this will not affect searches from the widget or from the omnibox ( the auto completion , aka instant search ) . edit : seems like the keyboard language sets the default . . . switched from en to german and back .
i figured it out , the problem was originating from nanopc-t1 config which used the usart port for output debug . it was over-writing the gps output . i used android serial port api , and rooted my device . because accessing ttysac0 port , needs root access . i wrote my own nmea parser to receive gps fixes .
the information comes from the misc partition . . /dev/block/platform/sdhci-tegra . 3/by-name/misc if you dd if= . . . . of=/sdcard/misc . img then do an adb pull /sdcard/misc . img you will see . . i stuffed up a root and had cdma crap in there from one of the updates . . now no 3g either : ) but that is where it queries the information from . . doens't do an mdm_ctrl commands to extract it or anything .
overclocking should not actually damage your battery but it will make it drain quicker and as a side effect of that have a shorter overall life . overvolting ( giving the cpu more volts ) could however damage your battery ( overvolting can be common practise when applying a generous overclock ) but of course this all depends on what device you are on and what processor it has in , some processors that are understood by devs better can be overclocked more safely .
here is a tutorial how to fix your alcatel the tutorial is a video on youtube its in spanish but dont worry i fixed mine even thoght i dont understand spanish ok here is the video link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxzycs6msma and here is the files you need to fix your phone https://www.mediafire.com/?gyhxb15ojb6dq6t try to watch the video first after you download the file unzip it to your desktop first thing you need to do is to shutdown your phone remove the battery and put the battery back into your phone press and hold the volume up button and turn on your phone then connect your phone to pc using the usb cable now open the folder you unziped to your desktop and double click romeo . cmd now you can see som thing like this type 1 and hit enter once you see press any key to return to home type 2 and hit enter again . . . . . . do that for all rest steps once you reach the 7 step your phone will restart unplug your phone from usb cable dont worry if it looks un usual now try to enter recovery mode and select recover user data once done reboot your phone and enjoy i hope this was helpfull
i think this link would help you out : http://lifehacker.com/5853519/how-do-i-fix-my-bricked-android-phone
first , make sure the apn settings on your phone are correct for your carrier . next , try cleaning the sim card 's and phone 's contacts . you should also try a different sim to rule out a broken card ( also try your current sim in a different phone . ) if the problem persists - then it is most likely a hardware issue with the phone 's sim card connector . you may want to get in touch with samsung to send the phone in for service . the sim card contacts on the phones are notoriously fragile , and can be easily damaged by using an adapter ( micro-to-nano for example ) that is either defective or simply improperly manufactured . if the adapter is not an exact fit , the contacts can get " caught " in the gap and bend or even break off during removal . it is possible this is what happened to the previous owner of your galaxy s4 . this type of damage is usually not covered by manufacturer 's warranty , but it will not hurt to try anyway . worst case - there are sim housing kits available for sale for the galaxy s4 , and ste-by-step replacement instructions on youtube . it is fairly easy to replace this module on your own .
are these newly added contacts ? if you are adding new contacts and adding them as " phone " contacts and not " google " contacts , and you have syncing on , it may be syncing your google contacts to your phone , and deleting the ones that are not google contacts . this happened to me a couple of times .
there is a modified version of the play store that removes device restrictions . see this xda thread for more info and the download link to your version of android . it also disables self-updating of the play store so your modified version wont be replaced by a newer official one . cheers
i have not used it but a quick search on the play store suggests this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.birdapi.android.dpipro it specifies that : this is the only lcd density app that can fix the " this device is not supported " error message in the android market when using an unsupported dpi ! note : i am not affiliated with this product
sounds like this is one of two things to me . either a faulty screen / hardware . or depending on the severity of this flicker it may be that the device has a light sensor that is trying to change the screen brightness based on the ambient light surrounding the device . you could rule out the second option by going to your screen brightness in the settings and make sure that it is set to a static amount and that " automatic brightness " is turned off . if after you do this you still notice the flickers i would lean more towards faulty hardware . i have seen on some devices ( do not have nexus 7 so never on that ) that the automatic brightness feature will sometimes cause the brightness of the screen to flicker somewhat wildly from all the way low to all the way high within a few seconds .
there just was a blog on land of droid covering this issue . the author summed up a few conditions under which this " flicker " occurs : back-light is dimmed under 30% a weak wifi signal the device is accessing the net according to that report , these 3 things are " and-connected " ( i.e. . the flicker occurs when all of the 3 conditions are met ) . he is also hoping for a fix to come soon . you might as well want to read the comments there , some seem to indicate possible solutions ( including flashing a new stock rom ) , but so far none of them are yet confirmed .
as a recent ( christmas time ) buyer with a new device , i can acknowledge this issue with android 4.2 . as per the bug report and the user tests here ( under brightness heading ) , it looks to be a hardware problem rather than software . new devices even after warranty and replacement have shown the same issue ( 4 out of 4 replacements ) disabling wifi optimization/keeping brightness above 30% is seen to fix it only temporarily which is disappointing . as per report update , 4.2 made it worse which could also mean that a software patch can fix this for good in future . but on the other side , there are users who never faced this issue with a fresh buy and 4.2 update . new nexus 7 users may be better off with 4.1 until there is a fix .
turning off auto brightness worked for me .
you could create a tasker profile that sets the ringer volume when a bluetooth headset is connected . i am not sure how to handle the case when you disconnect the headset , though . you would only want to set the volume back to zero if it was zero when it was connected . edit : tasker gives access to current ringer volume via variable %volr in a profile with condition bluetooth connected : set a variable %savevol to %volr set ringer volume to desired level , if %volr = 0 exit task : set ringer volume to 0 , if % savevol = 0
it seems that the messaging app has its own contacts app , with no way to configure it . how about using 3rd party alternatives ? i use go sms pro as replacement for the messaging app , and go contacts ex as replacement for the contacts app . with this combination , you can hide the sim contacts .
for low gpu workloads , the only sensible metric is power consumption . if the frame time is always less than 1/60 s , then changes in frame time will not affect the visual appearance of the app , so neither frame time nor fps provide any useful information . you can not usefully measure power consumption from a user-space benchmark : you need either kernel hooks ( such as are used by the android battery use chart ) or a hardware power probe . note that it is important to measure the power consumption of the whole system , not just the gpu . it is almost always possible to shift work between the cpu and gpu , and you may find that certain gpu performance techniques actually increase cpu power consumption , so you need the total power in order to see the whole picture . note also that you need to measure the power consumption over all time , not just while the frame is rendering . consider two power policies : one always runs the gpu at full speed while there is work to do , but if the frame is quick to render , it is only for a very short burst ; the other turns down the gpu speed to reduce power consumption such that the frame is always ready just in time . sampling power use , or measuring it only while the frame is being rendered , will make the first policy look more power-hungry , but it might in fact use less power overall , because it can run in short bursts . in short , power profiling is a big topic , and choosing the right workload is only a small part of it . you really need to understand what you are trying to optimize for , and that is not always frame time .
i have not tried it but i think it should work just like the app market enabler fakes the sim id .
ok i found it : Go to the Contact. Do not press Edit. Hit Menu. Hit Options. Select Ringtone. Set Ringtone.  seems wacky that you do not edit the contact to change the ringtone .
easiest way . check your packaging . look for model describtion on the back of the other label . either z520 or z560 , the z520 is s4 , 560 is s3 . from wikipedia : processor and memory one version of the one s uses a qualcomm snapdragon s4 . . . in certain markets the one s uses the older snapdragon s3 . . . the two versions have slightly different packaging , the s4 is model z520e/z520m and states " processor : dual core , 1.5ghz"/"cpu speed 1.5 ghz , dual core , whereas the s3 is model z560e and states " processor : dual core " .
i finally got it to work ! google . com ( and other websites ) refuse requests from hosts that does not have the date properly set on their device . at the first startup , i did not bother setting the date on my tablet ( on ios it sets automatically ) . after manually setting the tablet 's date and time , the error page is gone and i have access to all the google apps . edit . according to izzy , it was chrome itself that refused the connection , possibly because the certificate dates were not matching .
this is an account for syncing via syncml , a protocol used by ( e . g . ) funambol . in a test , i have already managed to sync some events using syncevolution as http-server , but currently i am not sure , wether ssl connections work as well . ( i have even started a question on that topic . )
if you are not sure if you need root , you do not need root . there are any number of alternative launchers you can install that will give your device a custom look-and-feel and add/adjust functionality from vanilla android . heck , there are launchers that can simulate the look-and-feel of iphone and windows phone . have a look on the play store for " launchers " or " home screen replacements " .
go into your contacts tab . press menu > display options you can then select ' display only contacts with phones ' also there is a list of accounts with ' choose contacts to display ' above it . if you select each one of these you can choose which groups to hide or show , this may be were the numbers are being hidden . also within your text messaging app , you can press : menu > settings and there is a setting that says ' only mobile numbers ' deselect this as sometimes it hides numbers thinking they are not phone numbers when they are !
i finally found the solution for this problem . follow these steps : backup all your contacts open appmanager and goto " all " tab search for this app " contacts storage " and clear its data reboot device restore your contacts . . . done .
anysoft keyboard from google play store allows you to hide the onscreen keyboard automatically .
i was able to disable on-screen keyboards in android " settings " on my samsung tab3 . now i can use my logitech k810 finally with no annoying on-screen keyboards constantly popping up and obscuring 50% of my viewable area on my already smallish tablet screen . i am running android 4.2.2 . in settings choose " language and input " and click on " default " keyboard option . when the popup menu appears , slide the " use on-screen keyboard " slider to the " no " position . it is not much hassle to go back to settings to slide it back to the " yes " position when my external keyboard is not available . i assume this is an easier fix than installing 3d party software like that " null keyboard " app .
after endless frustration with this issue , i have finally solved it without rooting the device . the solution for me has been external keyboard helper pro , a $2.45 app on the play store ( a demo version is also available ) . it detects when a bluetooth keyboard connects , and brings up a pop-up menu allowing you to select " external keyboard " with two quick taps on the screen , which is definitely tolerable . this completely disables the on-screen keyboard , so i can type in peace ( like having the null keyboard installed ) . a few seconds after powering off the bluetooth keyboard , the same dialog pops up , allowing me to equally quickly select my favorite swype . after months of not being able to use my bluetooth keyboard because of samsung 's inexplicably annoying implementation , i am in heaven . note that in order to get it to work , i had to go into the advanced settings of external keyboard helper and enable " old style detection . "
the best bet , if you are using the chrome browser is to use " tab " to select the field ( if you want to select the url bar to search ) . another way ( if your keyboard has is ) is to use the " magnifying glass " quick search button . i noticed that this selects the url and allows you to type a new entry and search .
it is simple to remove on-screen keyboard when you have bluetooth keyboard . to remove on-screen keyboard , follow 5 simple steps . go to " settings " select " language and input " select " default samsung keyboard " under " keyboards and input methods " section turn off " use on-screen keyboard " push " setup input methods " button
same problem here . i wound up rooting it . that alone will not let you disable ( uncheck ) the samsung keyboard in settings . i had to actually rename /system/app/SamsungIME.apk and /system/app/SamsungIME.odex . then i was able to use null keyboard as the default . crazy . i had no other reason to root it and you really should not have to do this . to avoid this sort of vendor-induced nonsense , and to avoid even having to use the null keyboard or similar app , every android device with bluetooth should allow you to select bluetooth keyboard as the default input method , alongside other input methods .
i have been trying to figure this out for my new galaxy note 8.0 , and have a workaround that works 98% of the time , which is a huge improvement . i started using bluetooth keep active fro mthe play store . it has been mostly successful in tricking my tablet into thinking it was using the bluetooth even when it is asleep and prevented the awful samsung default on-screen keyboard from turning itself on as the default . i set the timer at a one minute setting . i have been trying it with null keyboard , anysoft keyboard , perfect keyboard , and even turning off all on-screen keyboards . i am not sure which default is the best to use with keep active yet - still fooling with it .
i had the same problem with my gn10.1 i use samsung keyboard dock and the popup keyboard just annoyed me . because , i am lithuanian , i need a special characters ( ąčęėįšųūž ) for typing . there is a https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.apedroid.hwkeyboardhelper advanced null keyboard with multilanguage support ( basic one works just with english ) . off course , it is very easy to find it for free by using google . it closes the pop-up software keyboard and i can touch the screeen and enter text without any problem .
proximity autolock is an app that uses the proximity sensor to lock the phone when it is in your pocket , and you can disable the lock screen via the settings .
tasker can switch on/off the lock screen and can trigger events based on the orientation of your phone . so you could set up an event in tasker that enabled the lock screen when your phone is oriented vertically but upside down , then always place your phone in your pocket that way up .
it uses wifi , rather than bluetooth , but other than that it sounds like you could use an app like sharetext ? from sharetext 's description : share text with wifi on pc or other device using your browser . copy/paste between phone and pc . you can copy the text from pc to phone , from phone to pc , from this phone to another phone , from phone to any browser .
visit m . getjar . com and go nuts ! download cranky birds . it seems to be the game so many people like . i wonder if there is an android version of cut the rope out yet .
this allows you to obtain and run an application ( i.e. . the . apk file ) from sources other than the android market . ( i.e. . you get it from a download from a developer 's site , from an email , etc . ) . that is it . edit : once you enable unknown sources this post covers the rest : how can i install an app given only its apk file ? .
i had the same symptoms while cooking a rom when the symlink of /system/bin/sh to mksh was missing .
this mechanism is described at the android developers site as follows : zipalign is an archive alignment tool that provides important optimization to android application ( . apk ) files . the purpose is to ensure that all uncompressed data starts with a particular alignment relative to the start of the file . specifically , it causes all uncompressed data within the . apk , such as images or raw files , to be aligned on 4-byte boundaries . this allows all portions to be accessed directly with mmap ( ) even if they contain binary data with alignment restrictions . the benefit is a reduction in the amount of ram consumed when running the application . in short : .apk content can be easier/faster/more optimal accessed due to the order of data inside the packed file . for deeper information , there is a " complete guide " available at addictivetips : what is zipalign in android and how to make apps zipaligned , which answers the second part of your question : quite understandably , situation would be reserved for unaligned application packages . resource reading would be slow and memory usage would be on the higher end of the spectrum . it would also depend on how many unaligned applications are present . for example , if less number of applications with an unaligned home application , you’d see slower application launch times . this is the best case scenario . for a worst case scenario , having a number of unaligned applications will result in the system repeatedly starting and killing processes , struggling with lags and huge battery drain .
adb sideload command just loads a zip file from the computer to the phone . the creator of the zip controls what it does ( the recovery just uploads it from the computer and looks at a specific file ) . you can do a lot with it , but it is not a full rom , it is cannot replace a rom . here is an example of an update . zip i once wrote and sideloaded it to a phone : mount("yaffs2", "MTD", "userdata", "/data"); delete("/data/system/gesture.key"); delete("/data/system/password.key"); ui_print("Done!"); it deletes a couple of files , and prints a successful result . 2 . the command fastboot flash all can replace an entire rom , because it does a bunch of operations like format a partition and install a new rom . but you can flash other files that do not do those things ( but often this command do exactly that . ) 3 . you can do a lot of things in the adb command line , like delete a partition a flash or just copy something else to it . what exactly do you want to do ? on which partition ? hope this is helpful , and check out the android developers page on adb ( http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html ) .
as aureljared points out , apps offer alternative zoom mechanisms . google officially recommends that apps use either double-click or double-click-and-drag to zoom . ( that is , click once , then hold the mouse button down and drag vertically to zoom in and out . ) android 's " manifest " system for apps requires apps to state explicitly if they work with non-touchscreen pointing interfaces like a mouse , joystick , or trackpad . if the manufacturer of your tv stick set it up correctly , it will only show you apps which can be used fully with a mouse and keyboard , including zooming .
i just found this info with a quick google http://www.pcworld.com/article/184656/android_keyboard_shortcuts.html i hope it helps . android keyboard shortcuts : browsing • menu + i : zoom in • menu + o : zoom out • menu + j : go back a page • menu + k : go forward a page • menu + r : refresh current page • menu + f : find on page • menu + b : open bookmarks • menu + s : open social network sharing menu • menu + h : view browsing history • menu + s : open browser settings
do you use any custom kernel or do you have stock factory default ? if you do not have stock then there is no recovery . if you have a custom kernel , you should press the vol down button when you see the kernel logo . that is because custom kernels have cwm recovery integrated , because xperia 2011 phones do not have a the recovery partition . for solution to your problem , you should use seus , that is the only way to fix a bootloop with stock kernel . you can download it from here : http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/tools/update-service/ the software is self-explanatory and will guide you how to enter into flash mode . here 's a tutorial on how to use seus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_ocgb6asqq
is your boot-loader unlocked via sony unlocking tool ? caveat emptor you will lose data proceeding below ! quoted directly : what phones can be unlocked ? to check if you phone can be unlocked , follow the steps below : first , you should confirm that it is possible to unlock the boot loader of your phone by checking the service menu . in your phone , open the dialler and enter # #7378423# # to access the service menu . in your phone , tap service info > configuration > rooting status . if bootloader unlock allowed says yes , then you can continue with the next step . if it says no , or if the status is missing , your device cannot be unlocked . if the above says it cannot be unlocked , then you cannot unlock it and flash a custom rom , you are out of luck ! follow the answer below by another poster who is 100% correct in usage of sus ( see below further down in my answer ) to reset it . if it says it can , then go ahead and follow the instructions to unlock the boot-loader . you will lose your settings . then go to xda and install legacyxperia which has the custom clockworkmod recovery which can be activated by toggling the volume buttons upon start-up . the quirk about the semc 2011 line of handsets is - there is no actual recovery partition , the custom boot image found within legacyxperia handles the necessary loading of the recovery if the volume keys are pressed , and if not , continues loading android as usual . oh and by the way , you might notice on some websites , where it governs using fastboot , it will say something like this : fastboot flash boot boot.img - that is incorrect ! you must specify fastboot -i 0xfce flash boot boot.img , its the -i 0xfce part that is omitted . it will not work without it . if you wish to use a more powerful tool unlike sus tool ( sony companion tool that checks for firmware updates ) , you can use this tool called flashtool which can do a lot more than the sus software itself , such as re-locking the boot-loader ( if reverting back to stock ) . the above is for the more adventurous kind of person , if not the other answer by the poster is more suited .
if you root your phone then you can safely install xposed and this module that should fix the problem .
swipe from left edge to right do not fix the problem but make the menu accesible , and do not require to root the phone . from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=55005591postcount=2 swype from left edge to right or use xposed module " x3 jelly bean play store fix " if you have rooted your device
i have the same problem on my phone , but luckily i found a way around it . simply swipe in from the left hand side and it brings you the exact same menu you are after .
in settings , see if you can find something called " application manager " . when in that , find the " all " list . see if the deleted app is still listed there . if yes , there should be a few options to clear the data it stores , use them . i am not sure how your android looks like , but they should generally be the same . if that does not help , you can use this app : clean master - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguardhl=eng i use it on my private phone , and it seems to do good when it comes to free up memory . however , i am unsure if it work on your phone , as it does not list all versions it supports . it is also free . you can also connect the phone to your computer again and see if you can remove the app data manually , however , how this can be done differ between phone models , and it can be risky as the data you want to delete might not be found so easily .
you are probably sol since the battery is dead by now . still , on the off-chance it is not , check out plan b ( described at http://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/how-to-track-a-cell-phone/ ) . when you install an app through the play store on the computer , it is automatically installed on your phone . if you used some service that syncs photos or other data somewhere else ( e . g . syncing photos to picasa ) then you could find everything you backed up there . if you did not , then you assumed this risk by placing all your eggs in one basket and never transferring data off of your phone . perhaps your service provider had some automatic backup software running ( e . g . verizon backup ) in which case you could contact them to ask how to recover data . the fact is , if your data was that important , you should have taken steps to protect it ahead of time , and you should not have waited so long to try and locate the device ; and now you are faced with the consequences of that negligence . if you choose to keep all of your critical data on , say , a thumb drive , or an external hard drive , or a cd/dvd-rom , and you have no backups and you lose that device , then , whoops , that is the risk you assumed by keeping it all in one place . it is the same with your smartphone . steps to protect it include anything that generally backs up your data elsewhere ( be it specialized software that syncs photos , or general software e.g. mybackup pro ) , and any software that may help you locate the phone if it is lost ( see the link above for more tips there ) .
after moving the app off the sd card to the phone i did not even have to take the sd card out , it updated fine . check with following links 1: http://www.androidpolice.com/2011/04/19/fixing-the-couldnt-install-on-usb-storage-or-sd-card-problem-on-android/ 2: http://www.newbiehelper.net/2011/05/solve-install-on-usb-storage-or-sd-card.html
you can find the file smdl2tmp1.asec in the folder /mnt/secure/asec/ . as dario said erase it : )
a fix i have found and that works is to mount the sd card on a pc , open the * . android_secure* folder and delete a file named smdl2tmp1 . asec . it seems that it is a leftover file from a previous ( failed ? ) installation/update that prevents another update to run correctly .
found out that firefox mobile can do this by going to about:config  in adressbar and setting permissions.default.images 3  1=load all images , 2=no images 3=only images from current url saves a lot of bandwidth ( e . g . user avatars on stackexchange not loaded , while with " no image loading " one doesnt see voting arrows ) . i just do not like mobile views of sites that much . add-on would be nice to easily switch this config setting for single website like quick image addon on firefox desktop . if dolphin hd had this feature it would be unbeatable . unfortunately firefox is lacking speed and tap gestures of dolphin .
it is the most frequently used apps while the earphones are plugged in . just open the app you want to show up 4 or 5 times in a row while the page buddy is active ( earphones plugged in ) and it will show up in the recommended apps . repeat for the next 3 apps you want to show . there is usually 4 recommended apps . this goes for all of the page buddy pages , earphones , docking , roaming , and spen ( on supported devices ) .
odd that it was not pre-installed . i think your best bet would probably be to search xda-dev and install a separate google talk apk .
i thought that may be i could share the apk file through bluetooth from another phone and i succeed . here are the steps : all the steps are for the phone which already has gtalk installed . open file manager . go to system ( outside sdcard ) -> applications . search talk . apk . send it to the phone where you want to install gtalk by bluetooth ( or any other way ) . once talk . apk is already in your phone , just click it to install the app . i think ( not sure ) the second step requires rooting . also i am pretty sure that the native file manager does not allow you to go up from sdcard . i would need something like es file manager or astro file manager .
as odd as it may sound , i found a solution in the net and it worked for me twice already ! ! put the phone in a bright light , strong bulb or direct sun , and do a hard reset ! ! worked twice for me .
as per xda here you can perform force restart by doing this . To reboot the phone without ADB, just hold down the Vol Up and power button for 9 seconds, the phone should shut down.  if this does not power down the phone , you can try this . lot of people has reported success in this method for most of the htc phones . Put your phone under a bright light then hold power+volume down.  if both of them fails , you have to wait till the battery die and let it charge and power on the phone normally . hope this helps you . good luck .
i have had the same problem with my htc one m7 , but the vol down or vol up with power button did not force it to reboot . i was messing around with the phone and a call came in . i was able to answer the call and after the call my phone went back to normal ! so i would suggest trying to call the phone from another phone .
many android phones have a hidden app called " service menu " which runs when you call some codes in phone app . for example , service menu for sony ( ericsson ) android phones will appear when you call *#*#7378423#*#* or *#*#SERVICE#*#* and for most of samsung android phones , it appears when you call *#0*# or *#9072641*# from " service menu " , you can test screen , keys , touch , . . . and most importantly , sensors . so , test this code in your phone and see if " service menu " appears , then test your proximity sensor from there , without any need to install a third-party app .
install a sensor app like androsens or androsensor . they both are able to show you the proximity information . note : the sensor only distinguishes between near and far proximity ( 0-5cm and > =5cm usually ) . it is ok that you will not get accurate distance measurements .
switch the sim , answer no when whatsapp asks you to switch numbers . ref : stackexchange-url if you switch sim after installing whatsapp , you are good to go with the old number . the servers " save " your activation phone number during that initial sms . i tested it on my own phone ( it is a gingerbread p1000n - all hail the venerable p1000 ) with a borrowed sim card , the app just kept sending messages with my old phone number . whatsapp did not ask to switch numbers . there is a " change number " setting . if you reinstall the app while switching sim , then you have to restart and get a new number . about what is usually done when travelling , i can say from the world cup visitors we received , several just bought a new temporary sim card after arriving here in brazil . the local phone companies even set up special and attractive prepaid plans for the football fans . ymmv anyway , and you should check your home carrier overseas fees and the local fares . usually you can get a better deal buying a trowaway sim . here in brazil we even do it when traveling to another state . if you want to keep your number and still enjoy the reduced local mobile internet fees , you can try and get any old android device that can do tethering ( or buy a unlocked mobile hotspot ) , and then insert the other sim into that device , then tether the internet to your main phone using the old phone as a mobile hotspot . just turn off data and use wi-fi . on verizon 's global ( not really global ) plan , i urge you to read what peter shankman wrote of his personal experiences with that . my advice , is : do not . or if you do , monitor closely your fees .
click on the handle ( a solid dot ) on the right side of the red horizontal line above the orange line , and drag it down to 500mb . that adjusts the scale of the graph . look for the lime green arrow at right to see the handle .
nope , unfortunately there is nothing like this to my knowledge . i would love to be proven wrong though
here a guide form xda-dev if you like to learn visually and would rather not go through of steps , check out this youtube video . some warnings : this is not a full unlock ( s-off or to unlock your sim card slot . ) this will void your warranty . this will work with any version of hboot . -this is a how to for windows only . if you are logged out of htc dev at any time during the identifier period ( 1 - 5 ) , just sign back in and do not click anything . it will automatically redirect you to the last page you were on . i am not responsible if you did not follow a step correctly and your phone lights on fire , cracks into two , wants to destroy you , etc . . . what you are going to need : -a computer -fastboot and adb [ api ] &lt ; -- these are applications to be use to flash rom 's . - htc drivers &lt ; -- drivers htc gives , could not find them on htc 's site . - android sdk -microusb cable , phone , and some time steps to root : 1 . ) you are going to want to head over to the htc dev [ eloper ] site ( [ link ] ) and make an account or sign in . once you have done one of the two , you are going to want to click ' unlock bootloader , ' then ' get started . ' it will next ask you what device you are trying to unlock , click ' droid incredible 2 ( verizon ) ' then ' begin unlock bootloader . ' then a pop up window will ask you if you are sure , just click ' yes . ' then , another pop up window will appear , just tick the two boxes and press ' proceed to unlock instructions . ' 2 . ) go to your phone . take off the [ back ] battery door and remove the battery ( do not hold the power button and make it a proper shut off , just rip the battery out . then , put the battery back in . once you have replaced the battery , hold the volume down button and the power button at the same time until a white screen shows up . you can use the volume rocker to highlight your selection , and the power button to select the highlighted selection . right now , we want to highlight ' bootloader ' and use the power button to select it . next , grab your miniusb cable and plug it into your computer to your phone . 3 . ) next , make a folder on your computer in the c:\ drive . in windows vista and 7 , you can just go to computer from the start menu and it will be labeled local disk ( c : ) . you can name the folder whatever you want , i am just going to name it android . next , you are going to want to download my adb , fastboot , and adbapi . zip file and place all three files into the android folder . after you unzip the adb/fastboot folder , you are going to want to ( if you have not already ) download and install the android sdk manager . you will need to install sdk tools [ and i believe a version of android ? ] after you have installed everything , you can go to the start menu again and type in ' cmd ' in the search bar and press enter . then type in the following : ( or you could take the easy way of going to your c:\ drive and shift-clicking the folder and press ' open command window here . . . ) code : cd c:\android 4 . ) after you have got into command prompt and are in the \android folder , type in the following : code : fastboot oem get_identifier_token you will then see a great big brick of random characters . right click in the bottom right-hand corner of '&lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; identifier token end > > > > > ' and click ' mark . . . ' hold down the left-mouse-button and select the great brick of text up until '&lt ; &lt ; &lt ; &lt ; identifier token start > > > > ' ( do not highlight any of the ' info ' things . ) then , right-click again and you will have the identifier token copied to your clipboard . back on the htc dev site , it will ask you for your identifier ; just paste the identifier in the box and it will send you an email with a . bin file ( unlock_code . bin ) and just throw that into the folder with adb and fastboot . 5 . ) you are going to want to click the continue link that htc dev sent you as well to downloading the file . after you have finished downloading and put it in the folder , type in the following : code : fastboot flash unlocktoken unlock_code . bin once you have done that and pressed enter , your phone will change screens . it will ask you if you are sure you want to do this . just press the volume rocker up and press the power button . your phone will reboot and take you back to android . it is normal and it does not mean it failed . . . your phone is fine and it should have went ok if you followed the steps . we are done with htc dev now , so you can close it . 6 . ) next thing we are going to want to do is flash clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery onto your phone . you are going to want to download the . iso for cwmr and flash it to your phone ( download link [ link ] . ) after you are done downloading the . iso , place it into your adb and fastboot folder . once your phone has finished starting up , take the battery out again and put it back into hboot mode ( step 2 . ) you are going to want to go back into fastboot ( step 2 , again ) and flash the recovery by doing the following : code : fastboot flash recovery recovery ( press tab ) once you press enter and fastboot says it has completed , it will just have the fastboot screen . just highlight ' bootloader ' and press the power button . next , to make sure it worked . . . scroll down to ' recovery ' ( which is right under fastboot ) and select it . the htc screen should show and then cwmr should come to life . 7 . ) this is where the real magic happens . we are going to install superuser on to your phone now . reboot your phone into regular android . now , you can plug it into the computer and make it a disk drive or pop out the minisd card and put it into a converter . now , you are going to want to download superuser ( [ link ] ) and put it onto the minisd ( i recommend not putting it in any folders so it is easy to find . ) now , put your phone back into cwmr ( step 6 . ) now , use the volume rocker to scroll down to ' install . zip from sd card ' and press the power button . now , find the superuser . zip ( or whatever it is named ) and press the power button . the ' yes ' to install it is in the middle of all the ' no ' options , use the volume rocker to select ' yes ' and press the power button . wait for cwmr to finish , and in the meantime . . . just stare at your phone . after you have finished installing superuser , restart your handset into android . once it has finished restarting , go into the app drawer and find the superuser app . press the ' menu ' button and tap ' settings . ' scroll down to ' su binary x.x. xx ' and tap it . on the bottom it will say ' update binary , ' just tap that and it will do its ' magic . ' once su has finished updating binary , you have a rooted dinc2 .
the general approach to gaining " root " on the htc incredible 2 is to get s-off , so you can flash a custom rom . i am on the road now , and have neither the inclination nor the resources to compose a full guide here , so i will point you to the best rooting guide for our phone : gain s-off and root the htc incredible 2 note : the guide is aimed at linux users--use an ubuntu live cd if you have to . anyway , it is a much better guide than the ones i see in the google top 10 , which are either hard to follow along , or leave out ( possibly ) necessary steps , like hboot downgrading . finally , another helpful resource : comprehensive s-off/root methods
the command is : adb remount . please try this first however if it does not work , make sure your device is rooted , and try these commands : adb shell su mount -o remount,rw /system those commands will directly remount the system as rw , however you must be rooted .
try this , from the whatsapp faq . to restore from a backup , follow these steps : uninstall whatsapp . decide which backup file you want to restore . rename that file from " msgstore-yyyy-mm-dd . 1 . db . crypt " to " msgstore . db . crypt " install whatsapp when asked to restore , tap [ restore ]
basically , the problem with this is that your phone cannot distinguish between what you want to say and transmit to the other end of the conversation , and words you want to be commands to the phone . what if you call an automated system that says " say ' one ' for x . say ' two ' for y . " ? when you say ' one ' or ' two ' , there is no way ( without very advanced ai ) for the phone to decide whether you intended to transmit that speech ( e . g . " two" ) or intended it to be a command for the phone to dial ( '2' ) . you could possibly have a custom dialer app where if you press a button on your phone , it stops transmitting your voice and accepts commands , and pressing again stops accepting commands and resumes transmitting your voice . i would bet a lot of money that no one has made such a custom dialer . of course , there are many phones where you can enter " pauses " into the dialer , followed by menu choices . for example , 555-555-5555-pause-pause-pause-2-pause-1 will : dial 555-555-5555 wait for the call to connect press '2' ( for a menu option ) wait for the next menu press '1' ( for a menu option ) this might serve your needs if you know the menu layout , but otherwise i think you are stuck ( unless you want to use headphones as lie ryan suggests ) .
you have to go to the path /sdcard/data/colornote/BACKUP/ and there should be the idx and dat files . if you have them and you want to backthem up , it asks for the password . i solved this problem by adding another android device . take another android phone and install colornote make a new note and save it go to settings and turn off auto sync . now you can backup manual it will ask you about a new master password ( type in 0000 or whatever ) now connect your android phone and copy the whole folder and paste it into the second device in the same colornote folder /sdcard/data/colornote/backup/ start colornote on the second device . if you go to backups , you will see the backup from your first device the backup will work now and you can easily write it down or take pictures of your notes to put them back on your first device .
on the samsung galaxy s3 , you have to do this from the contact , and re-save . from the ice list that contains the contact , click the contact and edit it ( s3 uses a pencil icon to indicate editing ) . see the groups area for the contact , and uncheck . save the contact/group association . save ( again ) for the contact . the contact should now show as removed from the ice list .
i got it back . for answer check the xda forum with same question . . anybody in same condition . . please visit the link . .
the Couldn't open connection to server happened to me as well on imap email set-up , then i noticed that the default imap server was imap.mydomain.com . so i made the following changes and it started working : incoming : imap server : mail.mydomain.com outgoing : security type : SSL/TLS (Accept all certificates) - if i did not change to this security type it also gave me the Couldn't open connection to server . this may be different for your server however .
ok , i tried restarting the imap server with no luck and then i decided to try a second factory reset , not that i was expecting it to work but apparently something changed because suddenly it worked and i have no idea why . ah , the magic of user-friendliness .
it worked for me after i deleted google as my main account in the phone , installed gmail on exchange and reinstalled google as my main account .
in order to get a font of the regional language you will first need to root your device . follow this in order to understand what does rooting a device mean and this question on how to root . there is one more site which is providing rooting specific to your device after you have rooted the device then you need a file manager application like es file explorer now download the font file open es file explorer ( give root access open the file explorer> config > give root access ) copy your font file and paste it to ( root ) /system/fonts set permissions as 644 or rw . reebot/restart your device . now if you want to give gujrati as the input font download the keyboard app from the play store . rooting your device will void your warranty and you will be doing on your own risk . please understand the risk 's or data loss involved and go ahead only when you have the complete knowledge of it .
root the mobile first . then install the app " font installer " from play store . download some gujarathi font , keep it in sdcard and install through font installer app .
i am in a very similar situation where i want to install a new rom but i do not want to have to re-install everything . fortunately , we are not alone . seems wartickler from from xda-developers have done the hard work for us . he has posted the very detailed solution at http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1994705 it actually recovers your partition as a raw file , coverts it to vhd and then recovers the data from it ( using magic i presume ) it is not a 5 minute exercise and not recommended for beginners , but seems to solve the problem . ps . i have not tried it myself , so results may vary .
let me starting answering the title question , about backups : honestly , titanium backup is overrated . ( unless you have a lot of non-market app , or apps that have weird local data storage --i , like most people , do not have either ) second , depending on rom compatibility , your apps will be untouched . but do not count on it . i count on it when i update the nightly cyranogen rom on my device , but that is the only case when i do that . for a new rom , you would not even want the same apps to being with . for example , most of my apps before i flashed cyanogen mod were to give me lame solutions for what i was missing without cyanogen . after i got cyanogen , i think i reinstalled only 1/3 of the apps i had before . also , very few apps will store anything exclusively locally nowadays . just go over your list of app , see the ones that install data locally , export it one way or another , just wipe , reinstall and restore . now it is even easier than before as the market will save your previous installs . now to the particular phone issue : there is something wrong . i never had a phone sans sd-card , even the touchpad has a fake sd partition . . . i assumed every install of android required a /data partition to begin with . but even if your phone does not have one , i think it is possible to create , as the guys from cyanogen mod created on the touchpad . now , if by full wipe you really mean full wipe ( factory reset something ) than you are wiping the /data partition as well as the system and the dalvik cache , and everything is normal . you just have to stop doing it : )
you can use adb backup command to back-up everything to your pc . use this manual on xda for correct parameters .
a combination of titanium backup ★ root and foldersync might do . you need to set it up once , then have tb taking care to backup your apps and apps data -- while foldersync automatically transfers those backups plus additional selected folders ( "sd contents" ) to your computer when connected to your local wifi network .
i tried galaxy nexus toolkit to take backup when i updated my galaxy nexus to android 4.2.1 . it worked very well and i was able to restore my apps with data . but for the games like need for speed , i lost the downloaded data . so if your app downloads extra data from servers , you may need to take /android/data/ [ app package directory ] to avoid extensive data download after installation . there is an option in this tool to take entire internal sd card image as virtual sd card . just explore more about this tool and decide if it really can work for you .
looks like this phone does not support flashing partitions via the fastboot utility . according to this guide you will first need to root the phone by following the instructions from here : download the latest version of framaroot and side-load the apk . open framaroot select the action to perform . select “install supersu” . in the rooting menu , select an exploit in list above to potentially root your device as barahir or boromir and proceed further . the rooting has now started and you will be getting an awesome success message . after the end of the installation process , reboot your device and you can now enjoy the rooted lenovo s920 . after the phone is rooted , you will need to do the following : download cwm for lenovo s920 and extract it to the root of your sd card . install mobile uncle app from google play store . once installed , launch it from your app drawer . select “recovery update” from the menu . the tool will search your sdcard automatically and find your “recovery . img” file . select the recovery under “recovery file in sdcard” . click “ok” it will ask you if you want to reboot into recovery . click ok to confirm that your phone boots in cwm recovery . if installing recovery . img doesn’t work on first time , no problem , after reboot install it again through same procedure . this installs the recovery temporarily . if you wish to install it permanently , also do the following : install root explorer and run it . mount the system partition to read/write . navigate to /system/ and delete the file named " recovery-from-boot . p " . re-install cwm as described above .
first , please make the question match your description ( in description you wrote s3 , in question s4 ) . to your question : i think it can be disabled in wifi menu . press the hardware " menu " button , then go to settings .
you can construct a mount out of something like sugru . your mount will remain stuck to the dashboard and you would have to make it in such a way that the nexus would slot into it . for the elimination of doubt : i do not have any association with sugru . i use it to mount my iphone on the dashboard .
is this a sd card that you have used for a long time on other devices ? do you , or have you , done a lot of writing to it ? sd cards have a limited lifespan , so the less amount of writing you can do to it , the better . you might want to do a chkdsk on it to see if it finds any bad sectors . if you find any , that would be your culprit . i have had sd cards last for about a year and then files start disappearing , etc . that is when i would use it for everything - as the main sd card ( swapping it ) , which means a lot of writing as apps save their data , backing up nightly with titanium backup , saving photos , caching , etc . once i learned about the limited lifespan of sd cards , i finally retrained myself to not use it as the main sd card . now , i do weekly backups , once a week and i only store my music on the sd card , and photos that i take with the camera . the latest sd card i have has now lasted over a year which is longer than the others before it . also , quality of sd cards is a given . do not go for the cheaper , off-name brands . they do not last long . it is better to shell out a few extra bucks and get a name brand .
this happened to me both with my samsung galaxy s4 and with my galaxy note tablet several times . samsung products in particular are very specific about which microsd cards they can work with . the general advice for this situation is to buy a samsung brand memory card for the phone , as there should be less issues with it . before you try that , make sure to format your current card on your tablet . formatting it on your pc will result in a slightly different memory format that may not be as compatible with your tab . here are instructions on how to format your card : http://eguides.sprint.com/support/eguides/samsunggalaxytab3/index.html#samsung_galaxy_tab_3_ug/format_a_memory_card.html this will delete all data on the card , so make sure to back up your important files ( if any still remain ) before you format the card . best of luck to you !
there are other apps which allow users to view whatsapp conversations without starting the official whatsapp application . whatsapp also performs a backup of your conversations and stores it on the sd card ( internal or external , depending on device ) . it is possible that when the new user entered his credentials , the app detected a previous backup and allowed the new user to import the old conversations in . afaik , whatsapp authenticates the app with the sim card that is present in the device . so , your new chats should not be visible . in any case , prudence dictates that when selling a phone , always perform a factory reset and wipe the data off the internal / external sd card ( s ) .
there are a few camera app in the market that can capture image and replace the background with chroma key . one of them , is aptly named simply green screen . in stock camera app of android 4.0 and above , in the video recording there is a live effects called background , that allows you to replace the background with an image or video . the live effect works by capturing the background without you in it , so it knows which part of the captured image to subtract when you enter the recording area . it works best if you put the device on a stable surface , have a good lighting , and does not need it to be perfect . it is best however , to post process the video on desktop instead . green screening in the phone is an expensive process since it has to be done real time while the video is captured , better quality processing can be achieved by chroma keying on a desktop video editing software since it is not constrained by time .
get " s note helper " from google play store
its indeed quite possible that either the two directories residing on the filesystem , /data/local/download or /cache/download is probably full of temporary files and is not deleted which contributes to the symptoms of the app not installing after 100% downloaded . some roms do have this facility or feature in place , called run-parts , which is invoked by the busybox which does this clean up on boot to clear out the temporary downloaded files saved in the specified directories . again , this is dependant on the rom . maybe that is what you should try doing , reboot to force the system to clean up the directories and try again upon bootup ? if that fails , then it sounds likely that the /cache partition is very small not to hold the downloaded files . the trick employed by roms is this , the /cache/download is either sym-linked to /data on the /data partition . the other trick is that /data/local/download is re-binded to the /cache/download directory . ( see this script below to see what the second trick is about ) why /cache and /data/local/download ? it is found in the init . rc script in the ramdisk of the rom in question which has the following environment variables that tells the google play store , where to save the downloaded apps . export ANDROID_CACHE /cache export DOWNLOAD_CACHE /cache/download  the only thing i would suggest is to use file explorer ( just as i type this i realised yeah , root . . . but i digress ) , and clean out the directory manually for a start .
i was having a similar problem . when trying to install an app from the market , it would get to 100% download , then say download failed . also , the same behavior occurred with updates to previously installed apps . tried all sorts of things from various forms and nothing worked . i am running eclair , and decided that my phone was becoming a paperweight without these updates . . . so i resolved to install a new rom , thankfully i did not have to go that far . i ran a one-click root application , and afterwards i could download updates and install new apps without issue . pretty sure rooting your phone will void the warranty , if that is not of concern and your at a dead end . . . perhaps give it try , it worked for me .
you either ran out of space , or you had updated google play .
someone already solved this without rooting the phone by uninstalling updates for google play store app : go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; all ( tab ) , scroll down and tap " google play store " , then " uninstall updates " . source : samsunggalaxyforums
my tablet was connected to my home wifi and then stopped . sitting in the same room as my router it reports the connection as out of range . i am using an old router set as an access point and everything else ( android phones and laptops ) connect to it just fine . to correct the problem i went in and reset the channel on the ap from 13 to 11 and voila instant connection .
it is not easy to know , but : 2 posibilities : check that the ip address configuration is correct . dhcp is properly configured , if needed . if you can not connect , try to change the security of your wi-fi . . . check if the mac access is enabled . good luck !
this is a quite old d-link wifi router . it likely needs to be either replaced or a firmware update . it may need to be re-configured to use different channels , to be compatible with the samsung galaxy ace .
create a dummy apn and select that as default . with this , even if you enable data accidentally via toggles , it would still not connect . ps : added as an answer as suggested by op
boot into recovery mode , and connect your device to your computer ; then mount your device 's internal memory/sd card and download the corresponding firmware for your device ( ensuring that you have the correct firmware , or you will brick your device ! ) . after this , flash the firmware via the recovery , bearing in mind that it will wipe the current version of android from the device . samsung devices are usually very good , as they keep personal data such as music and photos separate from the system partition , and so your personal data should remain intact . with this in mind , attempt to back-up your device first ( your recovery function may have the ability to do this ) . try and establish a connection with adb using the ramdump mode ( usually volume down+power+home ) , and it may work . otherwise , adb requires a fully functioning device to work ( for security reasons ) . before installing something that modifies the way your device works ( such as chainfire 's mods , beats ' sound driver , etc ) , always back-up your device first ! only you can be blamed for not taking a backup before you installed the mod .
no , i suspect that there is not any app that can do the job . you could write it yourself , it should not be too hard . it seems that the best way to do it is using the ndk but it should be possible even in java .
have you tried the standard android hard reset ? i heard this works for all android phones . turn it off ( if you cannot shoot it down , remove the battery ) . hold both volume-buttons and the home-button and then hold the power button . about 5 seconds use this at your own risk ! you will lose all your installed data and get a clear reset to shipping settings , if it works . there are some videos about it on youtube .
the radio chip-set is more than likely , shared with bluetooth and thus issues the commands specific to bluetooth to be able to switch on the fm receiver . this will depend on the handset in question . you do need the headset to be plugged in as that acts as a fm antenna . the fm radio framework was an add-on to the cm source at the time of gb 2.3.7 ; the headset acting as antenna is indeed the mechanism ( do not ask me how/why , but its common among certain chip-sets that requires it ) . the actual fm radio app was developed by andorko , he used to hang out on the zte blade community , developed the radio and one of the cm devs on that same community , integrated the radio framework into cm , ( which was non-standard ) . as due to the popularity of the fmradio application , it was tweaked and adapted for other chip-sets in question based on handset . depending on handset , silicon industries is one , si470x ( x being 8 or 9 ) is common ( used on galaxy 5 , zte blade ) , there is texas instruments ( ti ) which shares the bluetooth functionality within the ti chip-set - we are talking soc ( system on chip ) , by sending a series of bluetooth hci commands , the fm radio receiver starts up . by your comment below ' why did it work before ? ' that is assuming it was a stock rom that came with galaxy fit handset , then in that case , the fm radio support was based on some proprietary software within the stock fm application itself . cm 7.2 handled it differently using a non-standard framework for communicating with the fm radio , in which the above radio application that comes with cm , was adapted for that very reason .
according to this page the original stats are this : input ( ac ) : 100-240v , 50/60hz output ( dc ) : 5v , 1.8a here 's an image : the newer charger is 9v and 1.8a .
you have to write the mount command using -t nfs ... nfsvers=4
i can tell you that is is not the mount command , it is the nfs . ko module that probably does not support nfs4 . when you call mount -t nfs ... the mount command is going to look for the filesystem type of nfs . if it does not find it , then you get the no such device error . if it does find it , it basically hands off the " mount " to the module . for the mount manager issue , if you do not have a cifs module , cifs will not work with mount manager . andsmb uses its own cifs/samaba implementation , and that is fine , but in order to accomplish something that allows any application to access the mounted share , it has to be cifs . ko module . i have to do some more looking in to the nfs issue you are still having .
might not be what you want but i do this busybox mount -o rw , intr , soft , nolock , nfsvers=2 192.168.0.7:/mnt/hd/hd_a2 /mnt/sdcard/nfs
yes , you actually can do this . it is kind of kludgy looking when you inspect the clipboard , but it works just fine . first off , you can inspect the current clipboard contents with service call clipboard 1 from an adb shell ( or , without shelling in first , adb shell service call clipboard 1 ) . it may start out initially blank after a reboot , for example : you can put text into the clipboard using service call clipboard 2 , which basically takes 3 parameters - two ints and the string you want to put on the clipboard : # service call clipboard 2 i32 1 i32 0 s16 "Hi there" Result: Parcel(00000000 '....')  to be honest , i am not sure what the first two parameters are . one answer on stack overflow has suggested the first int is " number of items in the parcel " ( one in this case ) and that the second is the length of the string . however , i have used 0 for the second parameter and it works fine , and i can not find any documentation that matches up with this particular function . . . so take that for what it is worth . in any case , it is basically creating a parcel object with 3 fields , then passing it into the clipboard . the clipboard then unpacks the parcel and sets the string value passed in as the clipboard 's contents . you can see this when you go to retrieve the value afterwards : similarly , if you long-press on a text entry field and hit " paste " after doing this , you will get the text that was set via the call service clipboard 2 line above ( and it will look completely normal ) . ( the above examples come from my htc evo , running cyanogenmod 7 )
your old mobile phone was not really " off " when you turned it off .
i did an " experiment " with my phone ( samsung nexus s , android 2.3 ) : settings --> date and time --> automatic --> off then i manually set the time to a wrong value ( real time + 5 minutes ) . i switched the phone off . with off i mean really off , not standby , the status when the alarm does not work . after a few minutes i turned it on again . the time displayed was still the wrong value i set before , i.e. the updated current real time + 5 minutes . this means that the phone should have an internal clock that works even when it is off . in reality it may not have one , but it should store the delta between the current time obtained from the network and the time i set ; however this seems to be quite unrealistic . so , this makes me think that android phones have an internal clock with its own battery , and this should be able to make the phone boot at the appropriate time . could be something missing in the android os itself ? p.s. : does anyone know if it it possible to make the phone wake up at a specific time ? if it was , we just should make it boot five minutes before the alarm is set . . .
there is no power to the phone when it is off . it is actually off . the android os is designed to use minimal power when not in use . if you have a problem with the battery dying overnight , it is probably due to a third-party app .
after setting your alarm , instead of powering off the phone , turn airplane mode on . this way the operating system is closed to an idle state with the clock running . htc could link holding the power button to turning airplane mode on and going to standby . an then when the user holds the power button again to turn the phone on , the phone would actually perform a restart . the power on/off function would appear the same as before .
neither . unlocking is entirely unrelated to the os .
go to your wifi settings and hit the menu button and click the advanced menu item . check the wifi sleep policy , and if it is not set to never , try setting it to never to see if this resolves the issue .
i had the same problem and solved it on a samsung captivate ( galaxy s - sgh-i896 ) with rogers in canada . the problem was an annoyance at first ( disconnecting every 10-20min ) but got worse one day when it stopped allowing tethering altogether with a message " this account is not configured for tethering . please contact rogers customer care . " calling rogers solved nothing as the problem is not at their end . the problem stemmed from a bad version/copy of a file /system/app/tetheringmanagerroger1126 . apk i first rooted the phone using superoneclick : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=803682 ( had to turn off my antivirus to unzip the files and they contain linux exploit code . ) after ensuring i had successfully rooted my phone , i got the app : " es file explorer " from the market . in that app , i had to go to menu-> settings and turn on " root explorer " which required superuser permission . and turned on " mount file system " as writable . once that was done i could browse to the : /system/app/tetheringmanagerroger1126 . apk file and just rename it to . bak that solved both the error message and the constant disconnecting and i can tether indefinitely on the phone now . i assume that if you are on at and t , there is a similar tetheringmanagerapp file that is the cause of these problems and renaming it should fix it . hope that helps .
so , as said , i had tried everything , refresh included , the international code for my number and all contacts numbers , everything . the problem was much more idiot : my friend finally told me that the number connected to whatsapp was the old one . as it was associated to the email , it was not letting the new number appear . something like that . i still do not understand how this is possible , i mean , somebody uses whatsapp with a number , then changes number but not email , and start sending messages through the new number , but does not appear with that number because the email is registered with the old number ? crazy . how can then this person send messages from the new number ? complicated . anyway . thanks : )
is it an international contact ? whatsapp sometimes does not add 00316-* numbers for me but it does add 06-* .
some options you could try : option 1 tap on icon and then go to Menu &gt; Refresh . option 2 tap on icon and then go to Menu &gt; Help . there are some instructions their which you can try and tap on Show invisible contacts . option 3 follow this article from whatsapp to try to troubleshoot : how do i add contacts to whatsapp ?
well you just need to edit the contact by adding + ( country code ) follow by the existing contact number .
mobile number should have+area code
take a look at network discovery -- it lists all devices within the same network , together with some details on them , as e.g. ip , mac address , available services : network discovery ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) other port scanners will do as well .
works in 2.3.6 i have 2.3.6 version ( galaxy y ) . i am not sure if this works in 2.3 alone but this answer could help others as this ( text forwarding ) is tricky in android which you will not find any menu options directly . even i had trouble forwarding initially but i found the actual answer from hedgeterimmer 's answer . long tap the message text ( message options menu appears ) scroll down the menu and look for forward option ( button ) and that is what you wanted
you could long-tap the message , select " copy message text " , then paste that into the input field of a thread with the new recipient .
i do not know what your app did , but i find it strange that it is no longer booting . i would suggest trying to get your device in to recovery mode . i have never done this on a non-rooted device so i am not 100% sure you can do a factory reset from the " stock recovery " . but i know you can do it on a rooted device . i found these steps , but again , i am not sure if this pertains to only rooted devices . turn your desire off , now hold the volume down and power button in to boot into hboot . now use the volume button to navigate to boot recovery and select it by pressing the trackpad button .
does it have a physical power button ? usually , that is the ok button in recovery mode .
on my gt-p1000 when in recovery mode , the lit up buttons ( four light icons on the side where the cable plugs in ) , the home key is your ok button .
while in this case it turned out to be a carrier issue ( and solved on the carrier 's end , see this comment ) , in other cases one of the test menus might prove helpful . for a starter , you can find a lot of " secret codes " in this list for the sgs , together with a short explanation . but use them on your own risk : )
seems like you need to turn either camera or storage in settings > storage > ( overflow menu ) > usb computer connection ( on your nexus7 2013 ) to install the adb driver
when changing mode and looking at device manager : mtp : i see only the " nexus 7" device under " portable devices " , not updatable ptp : i see " nexus 7" under both " portable devices " and " other devices " none : i see only " unknown device " under " other devices " , not updatable so , to fully install drivers , with adb interface , i had to put it first into ptp mode ( +debubbing mode ) . then update the drivers of the nexus 7 device under " other devices " manually with the google drivers . now put the tablet in mtp mode and update the nexus 7 driver under " portable devices " . choose " let me pick . . . " , then " composite . . " . the " android composite adb interface " now appear under " android device " . et voila . .
i ended up doing a variation of this . . . the problem i had was the portable/other devices issue . the mtp portion of the driver seemed to be working so i was not getting a warning in device manager . . . ergo , i did not even know that existed until you mentioned it in this post . updated from the " portable devices " bit and it worked right off .
i am posting the solution ( as @danhulme asked me ) despite the fact that it is trivial . if you already use latest drivers and have no option to reinstall a part or entire system , the only way is to keep trying with what you have again and again . i do not know what exactly happened , but after a day of trials ( plugging the new device and removing it , pointing the system to the drivers in this way or another ) it was finally connected . as for the other side-question about mtp , it was actually answered by @eldarerathis in comments : mtp mode can be enabled/disabled in settings > storage > ( overflow menu ) > usb computer connection .
i assume you can you adb to push it on , but do not take my word . you run the risk of bricking your device . xda-developers . com is the best place to ask android questions . they also deal with this technical side . sorry for this not being a real answer , but i can not comment and they can help you out more . generic answer get root access unlock bootloader install custom recovery like a clockwork mod flash rom
i updated avatarrom with the 4.0.10 nightly update . that fixed the problem . the keyboard crashes are history .
i have looked for that kind of app in all my installed apps but no photo viewer requests such permission . i really doubt there is a photo viewer that keeps your screen awake , because of battery drain ( which is not exactly what an average user would be looking for ) maybe what you should do instead is to search in google play for an app made specifically for keeping your screen awake , and use it with your favorite photo viewer . there are lots of them , and many are free , like this one ( keep screen on )
your os is supported . your phone should be as well . do not know about your country . i hate to speculate without know exactly what is going on , but honestly i have never seen anyone have all the trouble that rovio is having getting their app visible to anyone in the market . since the beta its been randomly blocked from rather unusual groups ( like samsung vibrant owners in the us ) -- and all rovio does is blame geographic restrictions in the market . anyway , all that explanation aside -- here 's an alternative download for an ad-supported version : http://www.getjar.com/adp/angry-birds mobile version : http://m.getjar.com/adp/angry-birds
getjar is where they first posted it and it got hammered . they got it on the android market pretty quickly , but rovio 's complaint ( and why they went with an alternate market in the first place ) is that a lot of people complained they could not find the beta in the android market . a few people who were able to get it set up mirrors , including a torrent . a quick web search should find an alternative download location for you , if you have not already got it .
this is what i have : http://www.appbrain.com/app/angry-birds/com.rovio.angrybirds
on a uk galaxy s , i know that i could not find the beta version in the market for ages , then samsung released "2.1 update 1" and straight after i upgraded i could see angry birds in the market , now the full versions there i can see that too . have your network released 2.1-update1 ( aka build jm x ) for you yet , try checking with the samsung kies software .
shockingly , you can not block calls with xperia phones . unfortunately it is not possible to do this without installing any 3rd party software . i know that truecaller has this function if you want to use a 3rd party app . source : official sony forum you need to download 3rd party softwares that are mentioned earlier : truecaller calls blacklist
there is an app called ' truecaller ' i think to do this job . search it in google play . here - truecaller
well , let us try doing this again , 1 ) pickup your sony xperia j , 2 ) open the contact page 3 ) select number from the list ( i.e. . the number you want to blacklist ) 4 ) press menu key 5 ) add to reject list . all done i think you are going somewhere wrong , it has to be there ! let me know if you find it out !
this seems to be a known bug in the play store app from v4.8.20 . try uninstalling the updates to the play store app . this could be a temporary fix until the bug if fixed in a future version of the app .
if you go into the market on your phone , then navigate down to a category ( e.g. , games | arcade and action ) there are three tabs : top paid , top free , just in ( i.e. , new ) i do not know what they use for their algorithm beyond the star ratings , nor if it varies from how things are presented on the official market website , but it does appear to be offering the top-rated/popular apps in each category .
appbrain . com allows you to view the android market and which apps are most popular , most downloaded , hottest . . . all within different time frames .
the web market and the honeycomb tablet market app now have a whole set of pages listing the " top x apps " for a whole set of definitions of " top " . i can not see any way to get to all of these categories in the current gingerbread phone version of the market app , presumably they have less screen room to show all of these different views . here are some direct links to the web market 's pages , if you are on a tablet most of these should show up as links on the market app 's home page : apps top free apps top paid apps top grossing apps ( see this question regarding confusion over what defines " top grossing" ) top new free apps top new paid apps games top free games top paid games top grossing games top new free games top new paid games apps and games combined editors ' choice trending apps to directly answer your question i would guess that most of the " famous " and " must-have " apps and games would show up in the " trending " and " editors ' choice " areas .
the version the op is running should not be a test build . 6.0 is their stable , but checking out their forums is not a bad idea . changing the launcher is a good troubleshooting step , but should not make a difference in this case since cm roms do not have sense running . so if a widget works with lp it should work with the default launcher of cm and vice versa . the op should follow gathrawn 's advice and make sure the official widgets from the marketplace are being used . since the op has a hero it is possible they might have a sense version of one of those apps installed and sense anything will not work on a cm rom .
i am not able to reproduce that . on my g1 , with actual cyanogen mod 6.0 i am able to add the facebook and also the twitter widgets ( both , big and small ) .
can you download another home launcher like launcherpro ( i highly recommend it ) and see if the widgets also do not work there ? it could be a problem with the launcher you are using ( adw or launcher2 ) . or you could re-flash cm6 with the other launcher than the one you chose . if these are the official twitter/facebook app widgets , then i doubt it is because of htc sense no longer being available . additionally it sounds like you are running a test build of cm6 , so it may be a bug . check out their forums to see if anyone else has your problem or to report the issue .
not exactly what you asked , but mapsaurus beta comes close to it . you can also use the corresponding website : mapsaurus : just enter the app you look for " alikes " , and it shows you related apps : click on one of them , and the tree continues . a separate frame ( not shown in my picture ) gives you the playstore link to the centered app . the screenshot was made from the website .
i think press menu > settings > accounts and sync > and select the account > then it should display options with checkboxes like calender , contacts , email . . . thats what i have got in my phone running froyo good luck
i had the same issue . you will have to change your phone notification settings . go to " settings , " then " call " , then " phone settings " under " other call settings . " scroll all the way to the bottom of the call setting screen and select " phone notification preview " ( to show caller id for missed calls and voicemails on locked screen and status bar ) . most likely , you downloaded an app on your phone that adjusted your phone settings . i hope this helps .
this is probably because you do not have a good reception when the phone call happens . if you have a good reception but is still not getting the call , contact your operator ; standard voice mail is managed by your operator not the phone ( that is why you can still get a voice mail even when the phone is turned-off/out-of-service-area , but it will not show in missed calls , which is managed by the phone itself ) .
disabling the default action for an intent is easy enough to do on ics . from the launcher , press the menu button , and choose Manage apps . select the app that you chose as the default for the action . scroll down and touch Clear defaults .
if you can not find an appropriate setting on your device , you may have another app take care for that . there are some on the playstore addressing exactly your problem , e.g. : defaultapp reset 1 explicitly states this will work on android 1.5-2.3.3+ and 3.0-3.2+ and 4.0-4.0.3+ and 4.1+ , default app manager 2 does not explicitly state ( but is free , so you could check ) . to your second question : it is rather system-wide for the same action . for example , if you open an audio file from the file manager , and select the player for " always " -- this will also be used if you select an audio file from , say , the browser . a second screenshot 3 from the default app manager app may be helpful to understand this part :
on the kindle fire ( gingerbread ) , i go into settings > applications > third party applications and select dolphin browser , my usual default browser . there is a clear defaults button on dolphin 's page . that button un-defaults my browser and restores the question . i would expect you had have to do something similar - use system-settings for a given application - to undo it is default-ness .
as photosphere pictures are just " normal " jpg-files , you just have to download the photosphere image . if you use android you can view photosphere images with the google+ app . there is no real download-button , but you can use the share button and then send the picture to your email-adress for example . the standard android gallery viewer will open the picture like every photosphere picture you make with your mobile by yourself .
there are known issues with certain sd cards causing some read/write errors which prevent your phone from entering the deep sleep state . this causes your phone to drain battery fairly quickly as compared to a phone which goes into deep sleep when not in use . you should update your phone as certain kernels have also been known to fix battery drain issues . if it does not help , consider changing to another sd card from another manufacturer .
if your device is rooted , you might want to take a look at button savior ( root ) – if not , at button savior non root . or at virtual button bar : button saviour and virtual button bar ( source : google play ; click for larger images ) what do all the three have in common ? as the screenshots show , they enable virtual softkeys at places where you want them . so you can avoid the " dead areas " , and still have them present . admitted , this does not resize the screen ; but at least fixes the problem with the buttons .
so i combined what you asked for into a single task . you will first create a profile which triggers when a state changes . you will select display state and chose off . tasker can not actually able to tell if your screen is locked , only on or off but we can get around that as long as we know the time it take for the screen to lock . the task is as follows : wait until seconds : 60 until : %screen matches on if %screen matches on wifi set : on stop end if if %screen matches off wifi set : off goto type : action number number : 1 end if explanation of task : 1 . this causes the task to wait before continuing unless the condition is met . the total wait time should be the screen time until lock plus the time you want to wait until the wifi turns off 2 . if the screen turns on goto 3 3 . turn on wifi 4 . stops task 5 . ends if statement 6 . if the screen is off on goto 7 7 . turn off wifi 8 . cause a loop to keep checking the screen status . note 1: this task assumes that wifi is already on to start with . note 2: as the task stands now it will check every minute . if after the first min you want to change the time it waits to reduce battery usage you will add this take to beginning . 1.SET VARIABLE NAME:%DUR VALUE: 60 2.WAIT UNTIL SECONDS: %DUR Until: %SCREEN Matches ON  and add in between 7 and 8: SET VARIABLE NAME:%DUR VALUE: WHATEVER TIME  last note : if you do not want to wait seconds every time you can use a variable for mins or hours like with seconds . you will set the variables for min or hour as zero at the beginning and then change them before you start the loop . to use variables instead of static numbers you touch the symbol of 2 arrows crossing opposite of min/hr/sec . if you have any question please feel free to ask . also since i am new please do not forget to mark mine as the answer if it solves your problem and to upvote the answer
i know this answer may be of low quality , having no concrete explanation and all ; but sometimes recoveries behave pretty weirdly . once with my old device , i tried to make a nandroid backup , and it completed within a few seconds . seeing that the backup was basically empty , i ran it again , and this time i can not select the nandroid option . you can try what i did - just select the option with your volume keys as though it is there . just guide yourself with the highlight .
gameloft has been reluctant to publish on android market because of their own drm policies , but lately they have been changing their stance and putting more of their games on android market . ea has plenty of titles up for sale as well ( in europe , see ea netherlands ) . some other big names like id software and epic have mentioned a strong possibility of bringing ports to the likes of rage and unreal engine to android some time in the future as well . and then of course , there is zynga , if you are not getting enough spam from their apps on facebook .
how did you search for the publishers ? electronic arts , for example , most certainly has applications in the market . i only see one square enix game , though . beyond that , the xperia play will be supported by a line of playstation titles . they are already starting to hit the market , in fact . i would not recommend purchasing them unless you own an xperia play since i have no idea what running them on a non-suported device would entail ( or if it is even feasible - i will leave that to xda ) , but it is another angle to it . whether or not they will continue to update them or develop new games . . . i could only speculate , really .
in the developer options , look for a checkbox that says " force rtl layout direction " and turn it off . it is a developer feature that helps with testing how apps will look on a device that uses a right-to-left language ( such as arabic ) without having to actually change the device 's language .
in the links you provided in your question , are the devices that are required . they have that feature built into the hardware .
technical answer : yes . practical answer : it is hard . you will need : " manual intent shortcuts " app to add really custom shortcuts on the desktop ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.cwfk.ig88.intents ) . plus : knowledge how to generate a specific intent that does exactly what you want to do ( install above app and see what information it wants , you have to know exactly what to do ) . ps : i had a look at ezpdf and it seems to allow to launch a specific . pdf file by an intent at a given page , so your problem is solvable , but requires deep knowledge of ezpdf and android 's intent subsystem ( intent extra data : path , page ) . edit : sample for ezpdf , alas jumping to the page does not work , but the correct file is opened shortcut name : test action : android . intent . action . view category : uri : file:///sdcard/test . pdf component package : udk . android . reader component class ( fqdn ) : udk . android . reader . pdfreaderactivity extra key : page extra value : 14 [ ] broadcast regarding how to get those values : use a file browser to open the ' test . pdf ' file you want to open by the shortcut later . <code> adb logcat -d | grep -i ‘test . pdf’ you should see some line like this : i/activitymanager ( 123 ) : starting activity : intent { act=android . intent . action . view dat=file:///sdcard/test . pdf typ=text/plain cmp=udk . android . reader/ . pdfreaderactivity } </code> manual launch via adb :
after checking this on a samsung galaxy s 3 , a nexus 7 , and a nexus 10 , with several different keyboard apps , i could not see a similar issue , so i suspect this problem is specific to that model of phone . perhaps htc skimped on the touchscreen for this device , or did a poor job with the touchscreen integration . if that is it , there is probably nothing you can do but hope that a software update will fix the problem . alternatively , it could be a problem with that particular phone . try giving the touchscreen a wipe with a damp cloth . try to get access to another phone of the same model and check if it has the same problem : if it is only your phone , you should take it back to the shop and have them fix it .
the one best solution i have found after a long research is ' pansi sms ' . it gives 2 options basically : 1 . the default way of sms in ' conversation mode ' and 2 . the ' folders mode ' . in ' folders mode ' , which is the answer for your query , you have folders like : inbox - all the messages you receive . outbox - the messages which you have sent but still have not left your mobile . sent - the messages you have sent successfully . drafts - the messages you started to send but din't complete . add new folder - so , you can add your own customized folder like ' bills ' , ' payments ' , ' reference ' , ' actions ' etc . the very reason this works best ( atleast for me ! ) is that i clear my inbox ' then and there ' , and i do not want my ' sent ' messages visible until unless i wanted it to . . . which is not the case in ' conversation mode ' . hope that clears !
i think stock messaging app does not support this . however , you can try a 3rd-party app like sms folders . creating multiple folders for different types of messages
this may seem drastic but in the long run it may save you time : have you tried doing a factory reset ?
for me , it was the plex service . i had to clear it from  Apps -&gt; Running  and from  Apps -&gt; Running -&gt; Show Cached Processes  i used iptraf to verify ( like top for network traffic ) if that helps any . . .
this is part of google play store settings . select do not auto-update apps in the following path : google play store> settings> auto update apps> do not auto-update apps this is a global setting , but it may be overridden by a specific setting at the application level . for instance , an application may have a specific setting to update itself , especially if that application came from a 3rd party source . you will need to check those application settings individually and prevent auto-updating there . however , this is not generally true , in fact i think it is a violation of terms , if that application comes from the google play store .
this may be solved by clearing the cache and data of the dialler app . to do this , go to Settings › Apps › swipe to All › select the dialler application from the list › clear Cache and Data .
the following answer is supplemental . i recommend using the phone settings menu to disable sns . if it is already running the phone will handle that automatically by force-closing it . go to Settings &gt; More &gt; Application manager &gt; All . if you ever want to enable sns again , you can do so by going to Settings &gt; More &gt; Application manager &gt; Turned Off . you will find it listed here . tap on it and then tap the turn on button to enable . following screenshots are taken from a samsung galaxy s4 plus ( gt-i9506 ) . i hope these can serve as a reference for future visitors . one of the apps that are clearly affected by disabling sns is the gallery app . the sns app has the following special permissions . com . sec . android . app . gallery3d . read_sns com . sec . android . app . gallery3d . write_sns if i am right ( which i may not be , but which i certainly should be ! ; ) and i am mostly right anyway ! ) this menas that you will not be able to share things like photos and videos directly through the gallery or the camer/gallery app ( camera switches to gallery when previewing photos ) . you will have to start the facebook app and then pick your photos and videos for upload . as can be seen from the screenshots above , the icon of sns does not look like a facebook icon . it is a plain simple android robot icon with a package on his belly . it may indicate he is pregnant ! hihi = ) a baby droid is on the way !
using titanium backup , freeze the SNS x.x.x app with a facebook icon . you can also disable this through the phone 's Settings &gt; More &gt; Application manager . sources : xda androidcentral
in the end , it turned out it was working for the original usb cable , while the generic usb cable did not allow data connection , only charging . for the original cable , the problem disappeared on its own , and i do not know what caused it , or what caused it to disappear .
in short , the ota upgrade clobbered your root settings , am afraid to say you will have to run either superoneclick or zergrush to get root again . [ technical ] the ota reverted the original default.prop when on froyo from this ro.secure=0  to this after the upgrade ro.secure=1  thus you may still have the su binary etc , but it is the above line that is preventing you from trying to switch user to id of 0 ( that is what su stands for ! - s witch u ser )
that very much depends on the update . the manufacturer/vendor might have made only " bug fixes " with this update -- but he might as well have decided to replace the entire system . in neither case you end up with an " empty shell " ( i wish that would be the case ! ) , as manufacturers/vendors are rather known to add stuff nobody really wants ( see : bloatware ) rather than to remove apps that ship with android by default -- but it might very well be that some apps got replaced or will simply be removed . what surely will be gone , according to the description you gave , are all your data and the apps you have installed yourself , as obviously the update implies a factory-reset . if your device is already running android 4.0 or higher , you might wish to take a look at full backup of non-rooted devices for how to make a good backup . at least apps+data should be restorable to a newer version of android then ; for other things ( sms , call logs , etc . ) you might rather prefer some dedicated tool -- or rely on your google-cloud-synced data and pray they will restore automatically ( if they start to , do not interrupt them : you cannot re-start the restore , which is one thing making it so unreliable ) . see also the backup tag and especially its tag-wiki for details on available backup methods plus hints for recommended readings on this topic .
as dan asked : what do the new icons look like ? what is your question ? i have had the same problem for the year i have had a lg-p925 . the only way to resolve this is to reboot the phone . since i rooted my phone , i go the app quick boot and put a widget button on my screen to reboot it . you will also realize that if you leave the wifi turned on and it does not connect , it might continue to keep your phone alive and drain the battery faster . i have used betterbatterystats app ( free on xda developers site ) to find out that it was not an app draining my battery , but the fact it fails to connect to the wifi because of this issue . i suggest rooting the phone and installing quickboot and put a widget to reboot it . this happens to me once every other day . i hope it helps you !
you can leave this group only , you can not delete it for everyone . go to the group -> group info . on the very bottom of the user list , you can see the button delete and exit group you will exit this group and the group will be deleted on your phone . you will not recieve new messages ( as you are no longer in the group ) and the messages you already have will be removed .
from google voice settings ( on the web , not the phone app ) , under phones , select your mobile number , and edit . uncheck " receive sms on this phone "
make sure you have updated to the latest version of the google voice application in the market . then open the app on your phone . go to : settings > sync and notifications . uncheck the " notifications via text message " box . back all the way out , and just for good measure , reboot your phone .
just to let you know that my issue seems resolved installing the latest gapps package suggested by cyanogenmod wiki : gapps-kk-20140606-signed.zip . i followed these steps : download zip copy to /sdcard/ reboot in recovery install zip reboot device during the first boot the device asked me for a backup account , but in the Settings i had still Backing up to debug-only private cache . then i set the new backup transport with $ adb shell bmgr transport com.google.android.backup/.BackupTransportService  without problems .
i think this issue is rom related , the . backuptransportservice should be there . i have checked the list on a similar setup ( lg optimus g , cm11 20140813 nightly ) bmgr list transports * com.google.android.backup/.BackupTransportService android/com.android.internal.backup.LocalTransport  have you tried newer cm versions ? ( also see this thread at xda from nov . 2013 )
you should be able to use the same screen type as the i9100 , the main difference is the processor . samsung galaxy s2 gt-i9100 vs . gt-i9100g comparison guide basically both the i9100 and i9100g have the identical features as claimed by samsung but the only thing that differentiate both is the processor and gpu that the unit run . i9100 run on 1.2ghz arm cortexa9 exynos 4210and arm mali-400 gpu while i9100g uses texas instruments omap4430 cpu and powervr sgx540 gpu .
hold the power button until the phone turns off . wait a few seconds . then , turn it on , with the usb connected . wait until the charging symbol appears . then , turn on the phone . now , the nexus 4 is showing in My computer again .
i had a similar problem . my lg nexus 4 was not listed in adb devices . make sure usb debugging is enabled from device , and do the following on your pc : update android sdk ( google usb drivers updated ) from pc control panel , System -&gt; Device manager -&gt; Nexus 4 -&gt; Install driver . set android sdk as path to search , include subfolders checked . after that , adb devices list will include nexus 4 .
usb debugging must be enabled . you will know the device is connected , because it will show when you type adb devices into a command prompt . ensure you have the correct drivers installed , the ones from google and/or lg , and then reboot your computer . once that is done , reconnect the device . you may need to delete it from the device manager before it will install the adb driver correctlty .
apparently some custom roms do not come with any google services and to fix this you need to flash gapps using a program such as clock work mod . this page has a link to download gapps .
this could be caused by flashing an incompatible gapps package . if that is not the case ( and you are sure you have the correct/compatible gapps installed ) , try the following : open the " google play " app and press the home button to return go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications select the " all " tab , search for " google play store " and press it to open . press " clear cache " press " force stop " return to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications press " google services framework " press " clear data " press " force stop " start " google play store " and it should give an error reboot . once your device has restarted google play store should work . wait a minute or too if it does not . this should help if a corrupt cache is the cause of your problems ( a corrupt cache might lead to strange error messages , amongst others ) . if it does not help , you might try the same steps but include " clear data " for the playstore app .
rooting the atrix 4g does only that - gives you elevated privileges on stock os . in order to be able to install a different recovery image and custom roms , the phone 's bootloader must be unlocked first . this is a fairly complicated process that carries the usual warnings and disclaimers of modifying phone software . it will most definitely void your warranty with at and t ( and possibly with motorola as well , ) so be very certain that your phone is either free of hardware defects , or out of warranty with your carrier before unlocking it . see this thread on xda-developers forum for further details and installation instructions .
i have taken a motorola atrix a couple of months before and all the threads i found have links to " sbf " ( required to unlock ) which have been removed from the net ( i believe by motorola itself ) so basically i could not find any working " sbf " files to be compatible with firmware 2.3.4 nor a version of a program fastboot with inside a command called oem unlock available ( all the versions i have tried are telling me that " unlock is not implemented " ) i was not able to un-lock the atrix for my girlfriend which is very depressing , because the actual rom installed burns the battery in a very short space of time . so , can anybody point me to a website that has a " sbf " file that works with firmware 2.3.4 or a fastboot.exe which has enabled the function oem unlock thanks for help
i fixed it ! i did it like this : the problem . . ? i do not know it . in console these commands helped me answering both comments of rossc and izzy i did not have a custom recovery installed . philz touch recovery is a custom recovery that is based on cwm and has a touch interface . u can see it here md5 sum was okay and was the same as from the downloaded page . so that would mean there were no corrupt files or downloads . gladly that it worked . just seems like you can not flash custom roms with a stock recovery ( i do not know if it is true , but seems like it ) . so the steps are ( for windows ) install adb driver ( i used these ) navigate to the installation foldler with cmd ( next steps are cmd commands ) adb start-server adb usb adb start-server in mobile phone " install zip from adb " adb sideload ( philz recovery ) adb reboot recovery adb start-server in mobile phone " install zip from adb " adb sideload ( custom rom ) adb reboot done !
asc is an app that allow you to record your screen without root , but only for non-tegra devices . i never tested because my galaxy nexus is not supported .
the best and the most simple way and the more beautiful , how to capture/record android screen without root http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k2udfp4ln8feature=youtu.be
if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . for example a Blackmagic Design : UltraStudio Mini Recorder is only $145 for an hd-sdi and hdmi thunderbolt device , and a micro usb to hdmi cable can go for as little as $10 . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
well , the reason screencast and similar apps require root permission is that the video data has to be accessed using the administrative privileges ( i.e. . roots access ) but you can always use an app such as no root screen recorder to video record your screen . but the problem with this option is that you have to connect your device to a windows computer in order to capture . this is the only option which is available to given you have no root access .
afaik the temperature sensor that measures the battery is built-in ( in the battery ) . in your case either the battery is defective , because it get 's to hot immediately when charging or the sensor is defective . either way , i think you have to replace the battery with a new one . before you replace the battery you should rule out a software error by doing a factory reset to see if the problem persists .
i know this is an old post but , i just had this problem and found a good solution so thought i would post the answer here in case someone else is looking for the same help . power down the phone . take the battery out for 20+ seconds . plug in the charger . put the battery back in . turn the phone back on .
i left my phone in the car on a cold night , and it said it could not charge because the temperature was too high or too low . all i did was let it warm up in my house for 15 minutes . then , i plugged it in , and everything was fine .
there is an app for that ! it does exactly what you want and even lets you share to more than one app at the same time . it really ought to be something the system options let you do , but anyway . the only problem is that the app apparently has some issues with some apps in ics , but i can not speak to that from experience . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andmadesoft.share
this list is generated ( on every boot ) from the installed apps that have registered themselves with the system to handle this function . the only certain way to remove an entry from this list is to uninstall the corresponding app . you can try de-compiling the app , removing the share intent from its " manifest . xml " file , and re-packing it . however , this will most likely cause issues with market updates because of signature mismatches .
so the problem was : market and market updater were not signed by the same key , no idea why . as a result , the market was not able to send an intent to a receiver in the market updater that was protected by a signature-level permission . here 's what i have done . i took marketupdater . apk from the device . i took it apart with apktool: apktool d -s MarketUpdater.apk mu  i then opened the androidmanifest . xml . i changed the package attribute under &lt;manifest&gt; to package="com.android.vending.updateralt"  that was to avoid a name clash with the vanilla market updater app . changed the &lt;receiver&gt; element 's header to this : &lt;receiver android:name="com.android.vending.updater.UpdateMarketReceiver"&gt;  see - no permission attribute . no longer requiring that the intent sender is signed by the same certificate . spelling out the java package name in android:name was necessary , since the apk package name no longer matched the java package name of the class . i then packaged the apk back : apktool b mu MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  i signed the apk , using the jarsigner tool , with an arbitrary key that i had from another project : uploaded the apk to /system/app , registered with pm: adb push MarketUpdaterAlt.apk /system/app adb shell pm install -r /system/app/MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  and forced a market self-update . removed the preferences file : adb shell rm /data/data/com.android.vending/shared_prefs/*  then restarted the market , waited for five minutes , and closed the market . the update went through like a charm . now i have market 2.3.6 , in-app billing and all . good thing the permission-based coupling between the market and market updater was not two-way . . . edit : the alternative updater apk is available for all at http://www.jishop.com/temp/marketupdateralt.apk
it probably has nothing to do with cm ; the market is just really , really bad at updating itself . sometimes clearing the data for it will help , but sometimes you will additionally need to install a newer version manually before it will start updating itself again . i have installed the 3.4.4 market from android police a few times , if you are looking for a safe file . just put it on your sd card or internal storage ( make sure it has the . apk extension ) and install it via a file manager . Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources needs to be checked for this .
the solution of creating a new marketupdater did not work for me . i am a newbie at rooted android devices so maybe there is something that would be evident to someone who has more experience with it . i ran into an install_package permission issue , and yes i did put marketupdateralt into /system/app/ and it was signed with my key , but that did not do the trick . the whole permission thing seems a bit finicky ( see for instance this discussion ) . at any rate , i have found an alternate way of getting the upgrade : grab a relatively recent version of the market app . ( i used an apk titled market-3.4.4 . apk . it needs to be reasonably new but having the very latest does not matter since it will upgrade itself after a bit anyway . i have 3.10.9 now running . ) verify that the package is signed by google . clear market data . ( that is what i did back then but now i think pm uninstall , without the -k option , will accomplish the same thing . ) adb shell mount -o remount , rw /system adb shell rm /system/app/vending . apk adb shell pm uninstall com . android . vending adb push [ path to your new apk ] /system/app/vending . apk adb shell pm install /system/app/vending . apk adb shell mount -o remount , ro /system if you got an older version than the latest , any necessary upgrade will occur after a while . it may take a bit before the web interface to google play gets is view synchronized with what the local app says . that is how i got the latest version of google play up and running on an old rooted mytouch 3g running cm 6.1 . someone with more foresight than i have could presumably integrate a newish version among the google apps when they do their initial flashing .
most phones have separate ap ( application processor ) and bp ( baseband processor aka modem aka radio ) . " rooting " results in gaining control over the ap . the carrier " subsidy " lock is residing in bp . most custom roms just include stock ( i.e. . still locked ) bp image as a binary blob . since the bp code is proprietary and never gets released to public .
broken headphone jack or the profile setting might be changed , i recommend changing the phone profile and trying if not i am pretty sure its a hardware fault .
developers can define the app install location in their app 's Manifest file . as you stated you cannot move apps to your sdcard , this might be the clue : apps having their install location set to the internal storage will be able to install , while those defined for external storage ( i.e. . sdcard ) are failing for the very same reason : they cannot be moved to the sdcard . so your real problem is : why can not you move apps to the sdcard ? to find an answer to this , it would also be helpful to know your android version . i would suggest making this a separate question linking here , and giving some more details on your device and android version there .
this is what worked for me . if the settings-> memory is set to sd card then change it to internal , or visa versa . unmount the sd card . install/update
i do not think this really has anything to do with any settings . i encountered this yesterday . all i did was restart my phone and the app installed fine afterwards .
ran into same issue , removed some really large apps off the phone and it installed fine . guess it was a space issue .
i have android 4.1.1 what i did to fix the issue about installing to default install location . . . . go to settings . . . . then to storage . . . . then the preferred install location . . . . then select let the system decide that is it . u can always change it back to sd card when u finish updating the apps with the issue
if you are saving music files to sd card , it may be the problem of the sd card . change the sd card and try . good luck .
if you start gowidget , there are 2 lists . installed and not installed widgets . you can install widgets from there . if you installed the switch widget , you can add it to your homescreen tapping on a blank space and selecting gowidget from the list . switch should now be listed in the installed list . obviously go launcher ex has to be installed , it cannot just be used with htc sense . you have to replace htc sense ( at least the launcher ) through go launcher ex .
you can make or buy a usb jig for samsung galaxy s2 i9100 . it’s a really simple circuit that involves putting 300k ohms of resistors between pin 4 and 5 of the microusb connector . with a usb jig you can reset the custom binary counter to zero and also remove the yellow triangle on start up if you have rooted your device . turn off your phone completely and remove the battery for 10-15 seconds put the battery back but do not switch on the device plug the usb jig into micro usb port of your phone wait for around 2-3 seconds you phone screen will show " erasing download information succeeded " in odin mode and custom binary download : no now you can remove the battery and restart the phone . you will also notice that the yellow triangle which comes at start-up is gone now .
a little information for people that may not be aware . the counter in the sgs2 is there for samsung to tell if you have flashed custom kernel / rom on your sgs2 . samsung ships these devices with unlocked bootloaders , but being a company and need to protect themselves , if your counter is not 0 and you try to return your device under warranty , they will not honor the warranty . even if you can not flash without increasing the counter , there are ways that the counter can be reset . with that said , there is no guarantee that you will be able to reset the counter . samsung may identify the way that people are using to reset it , and they may " change " it .
this previous question how to force network operator selection once and for all ? suggests that an app called apn lock should allow you to lock your network to the correct one . you had need to change the settings on it to change which network it locks to whenever you move between the countries , but hopefully you are not doing that every day ?
given android phones just run as usb drive mode for syncing : just for music : doubletwist media monkey all media : winamp * will also sync outlook contacts , files etc . missing sync for android * *syncs over wi-fi
you have multiple options to solve this : go to settings-> apps , scroll to skype , open it , and hit the " clear defaults " button if that for some reason does not work : simply install some other voip app , try to call a person again ( now you should be able to chose ) , hangup , and remove the other voip app again try default app manager lite , defaultapp reset , or similar apps to reset single default actions chuck-norris-mode : try clear default app for action to reset all default actions last ressort : uninstall and re-install skype all above solutions should reset the default app selected . besides : same procedure works for multiple web browsers , home screen replacements ( launchers ) , image viewers . . .
looks like this is a bug caused by agenda view and multi-day calendar entries . if you have one that includes the current day , calendar opens to the first day of that entry . fortunately , i think the bug is fixed upstream : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=21605 simplest workaround is to delete the multi-day entry . :/
assuming that you are using outlook when you are at a pc in the office , you could just export your contacts from outlook on your last day , and then import them into gmail . gmail is good at handling csv imports from outlook , and will also suggest duplicates that can be merged and help you to merge them . a few helpful links : export outlook contacts to google gmail ( outlook 2002/2003 ) transfer contacts between outlook and google gmail ( outlook 2007 ) export contacts ( outlook 2010 ) then follow the final steps from either of the above guides for the gmail import stage merging duplicate contacts in gmail
you may want just transfer your exchange contacts to gmail . there are quite good duplicate/merging tools in gmail contacts . use More actions and Find and merge duplicates . there are automatic as well as manual merging modes . you can import csv formatted contacts into gmail from its More actions and Import menu .
if it is stock , and you do not see an " export " option , you are probably toast . i know cyanogenmod allows contact export to sd card in vcf format , at least in version 6 ( do not know about 7 , do not run it ) . cm4 did not allow contact export . i can not imagine a system administrator allowing rooted phones on their network .
for syncing music to your device i use songbird and find it throughly good , and a great itunes alternative . i would suggest you run songbird , then let it find all your music files , take the original files off your samsung , and then sync sonbird with the galaxy device . good luck ! builds can be found here
the easiest way to do this is install winamp on both your computer and your phone . it is a free software and app , so no purchase is necessary . this will do exactly what itunes does with i* devices . winamp will discover your phone on your computer and allow you to literally drag and drop your music files to your phone within winamp . it also imports all your songs from your itunes music folder , so it is a very simple process . it even updates the library if the itunes music folder is updated ( songs are deleted or added ) .
just move your mp3 files to the media folder on the phone and music players will see them . you will also be able to assign the files to the contacts from your address book as personal ringtones .
the answer is not to copy to the directory named usbStorage . probably , just for galaxy s2 . create new directory named Media in / and move your music in it . then , reboot ( optional ) .
remount sd card or even restart will also work or just browse using any file manager type of apps and play using music app . . .
yes , you will be able to use the logitech revue google tv unit without the set-top box . i am doing this with the sony blueray player w/gtv . during the set-up process simply skip the section for setting up the tv provider and you should be all set . here is a youtube video of a revue functioning without a cable or satellite stb .
it sounds like you are not using the correct update . zip file for your model ; if the software/hardware architecture is not a match , installation will fail .
with full device encryption , unencrypted fragments should be available in volatile ram only – which means an attacker needs physical access to the running system . there is no such thing as 100% security , but i would say that is as close as you can get , when combining it with a good lock mechanism ( best encryption is useless if you do not lock your device and an attacker can get physical access ) . als for luks , i would recommend checking with their project site , which contains a bunch of information . a raw scan ( i do not use luks myself ) even revealed information on how to use luks to fully encrypt partitions on the android device . the luks team will also be the best address for technical details .
if you are needing it as always-on wall plugged you will probably need to stick with that . however newer devices stop charge when 100% and then recharge back from ~95% . answer here : stackexchange-url says that you simply can not use any software to stop the charging .
easy way : wipe your phone and try again from fresh stock . but only do this if in [ adb shell ] you can execute " su " successfully .
i solved ! i flashed a hacked chinese sbf . this sbf let me use z4root . apk to get root access . sorry about do not put the file name , that is because it does not have a meaningful name , it is just firmware . zip , i found it in xda-developers forum . be careful using the files above , you can easily brick you cell phone . the chinese hacked firmware is this : firmware part 1 and firmware part 2 . the application who enables rooting is this z4root . apk . *sorry , i do not know how much time the links will be available .
i tried all those ways ( superoneclick , unlockroot ) you have a simple way you did not try download framaroot . apk move it to your defy+ install it open the app shoose ( install superuser ) press ( gimli ) and reboot your defy+ it will works 100% it is very effective
try changing the channel that the wireless is hosted on . i have had this recently with two different devices ( one android ) where my wireless did not appear in list of available ssid 's . in both cases it was in the 5 ghz spectrum and moving my n to a different channel fixed the problem . apparently certain driver do not implement the full spectrum properly .
i think you should contact your home wifi broadband for assistance . if you already did this , i think the problem is in your own tablet
flash it using recovery , but you will need to wipe your cache is after flashing or gapps will crash , therefore making your phone unusable and forcing you to wipe .
you should be able to do that . first make sure you download the correct version ( the version of the gapps archive must match the android version installed on your device ) . put the gapps*.zip file on your sdcard , and boot to recovery-mode . select " install update . zip " , and navigate to your gapps archive . select it , have it installed , reboot , enjoy : ) as you have tagged your question cyanogenmod , you might also wish to take a look at their gapps page . this will make it easier for you to find the correct gapps archive .
the only thing you can do is to maybe put a " gel case " on the device . that should make it less sensitive to presses . the only other option would to modify the source code of the android core .
try kingsoft office . . . it can open and edit all sorts of office files , and view pdf . it allows you to have several documents open and switch between them in a tabbed interface . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cn.wps.moffice_eng
to answer my own question : while i have not found a completely satisfactory solution to this problem , i have discovered in adobe 's reader app the " recents " list - which shows recently read documents in the descending order of last-opened date . this , combined with the fact that the reader app remembers the position of each document that you read , and the fact that the " recents " menu is only a click of the back button away , gives a workable solution to reading multiple documents at a time , albeit slowly . i wish that someone from 1998 could come back in time and give us proper multitasking . how great it would be ! for now , i hope this idea helps someone else .
use stick app in android hope it helps
i had same problem , i searched forums , but could not find a nice solution . than i switched to test some appps , and kingsoft office and pdf is quite good . if you open a new pdf file , it will appeae as a new tab . and the same with docs , but all different file tipes are in a new window link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cn.wps.moffice_eng i started to use it today , so a cant tell anything about bugs or stability of the app
there is an article that discusses the semi-technical reasons/issues that have lead to the differences in smoothness of android and iphone devices . but after gathering some key points from the article one can conclude : from the very start , ios had been built around a multi-touch screen ( meaning ios had been built from the gound up to be very responsive as opposed to most other oss that adopted full screen multi-touch displays ) yes , it is not always hardware ( processing power ) dependent it is merely a result of ios operating system giving more priority to ui rendering , etc where as android distributes the processing power equaly ( this may be an advantage or drawback as with a faster ui everything from download speeds to loading content will slow down ) ui rendering occurs on the main thread of an app ui rendering has normal priority android is very popularly known to be highly customization and it is simply a matter of tweaking kernel parameters like ' lowmemkiller ' that can make ui : amazingly smooth -- easily as smooth as the iphone or wp7 phones it is not that android lacks the potential , but simply that developers prefer to spend resources elsewhere ( like on the bigger screens of some devices ) . then why does not android spend more resources on ui ? well , android is widely distributed among a wide variety of devices , and that is exactly why when it comes to android , only individual owners can overcome these ( there is no optimum setting android developers can set . . . every device that runs android has its own set of ' optimum settings ' and every user has his own perspective on what they should be ' optimum settings' ) . so the solution , balance the power . . . and no it is not something that has been ' overcome ' on newer android devices . but it depends on what you mean by overcome , as the lowmemkiller of rooted android devices can easily be tweaked ( but it comes as a cost to battery , etc . . . ) for more technicality , see dianne hackborn and andrew munn
in my device（nexus 5） i have google translate and chrome . if i want translate words→long press →share→translate them . you can try it . : ) ps : forgot my poor english .
aha i have found it : the emails were still in the trash . once i viewed the trash , highlighted them all , and than choose the ' delete permanently ' , than when syncing on the device , the ' deleted ' mails were gone too . gathrawn was so convincing in his reply that they should have been deleted , i investigated some more . . . thanks . i will keep my answer here , since it might help others in the future .
to upgrade your phone to official lg 's ics release do the following ( remember to backup all your important data before starting ) : go to official lg support page for your region , downloads and manuals section scroll down to search by keyword and input this : Optimus-2X-P990 , click the only result . scroll down to downloads click the tab software update follow carefully all the instructions there .
there seems to be a range of apps that may do what you are trying to accomplish . here are a couple that look like they have potential . root call blocker pro call guard call blocker gold outgoing call blocker
i am using samsung galaxy note , ics 4.0.3 . there is a decrypt option . go to settings - security - encryption , theres a " decrypt device " and " decrypt sd card " option . after you select " decrypt sd card " , just uncheck all the boxes on the next screen ( see screenshot below ) .
i sent this question into verizon wireless as well . here is their reply : thank you for contacting verizon wireless through our website . . . i understand that you have been having an issue trying to decrypt files on your handset . at this time motorola has not provided an update for your phone to be able to do this . without that , we are unable to assist you because this is a phone issue and not a network issue . so it looks like ryan was correct in his comment that this is an issue with a motorola os add-on , not vanilla android . since originally asking my question , i experimented some more with my phone . my phone has 2 check-boxes for setting encryption : one to encrypt the sd card ( that i mentioned in my original question ) and one to encrypt the main phone memory . when i unchecked both boxes , my phone decrypted all files , both on the phone and on the sd card . so , that is my solution for now . thank you ryan for your comments -- they helped lead me to this answer .
i encrypted a file and the whole day i needed to search on the internet for how to decrypt it but i found something that helped me , icare data recovery and i recovered the encrypted file i did not decrypted it and now i have it again but it still is encrypted somewhere on my phone so you can recover all the files with that program save them on the pc , format the sd card and you are done : )
samsung galaxy s2 . . . same solution touch click " incoming settings " which looks like a label rather than a field
changing your account setting will allow you to access your e-mail , but will not reset the google account synchronization . after you update your passwords in the accounts of the security section then open the playstore application . the playstore application will then notice your change of password and will prompt you for the new one . give the new password and that is it .
in samsung galaxy s2: settings > accounts and sync > ( select your exchange email ) > account settings > ( select your added account ) > scroll down to sub heading " sever settings " > exchange server settings under that heading is : domain\user name password exchange server settings the phone does not prompt you for a new password . that would be nice if it did , instead of continually updating you with notifications that it could not connect to the exchange server .
the phone should prompt you for the new password once it gets an error back from exchange . if it does not - you can try removing the account and re-adding it on Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync page .
Settings - Account and Sync - &lt;your exchange account&gt;' - Account settings - (scroll down) Incoming settings' - password field . on my samsung galaxy s - running froyo 2.2.1
short answer : no . explanation : this action would involve multiple steps : re-mount /system read-write write the hosts file to /system/etc/hosts re-mount /system read-only each of the step requires root permissions , as the file belongs to system:system and usually is read-only to other " users " .
no , you cannot edit the host file without root privileges . but , if you have access to the internet connection on which your kindle in connecting , you can modify dns entries there . your kindle first looks at its host file , then asks the dns server to resolve a hostname . provided you have admin privileges somewhere in the chain , you can insert your own record ; since you do not have admin access on the localhost ( kindle ) , you go further up the chain to a link where you do have admin rights . if you are going over cell data or are on a wifi network that you do not own , you could instead set up a vpn to a network to which you do have full rights . then set up whatever dns records you want ( in the hosts file of the vpn server , or some other method ) . when connected to a vpn , your device should query the dns server over vpn , thus giving you control once more .
if you mean that thingy in the notification bar that upon touching let 's you chose your desired mode -- that is still there with launcher pro as it has nothing to do with sense and launcher pro has nothing to do with your notification area ( unless of course you decide to disable it )
i had the same problem . i needed to clear all the data from the app so it would need to re-sync everything again . seemed to fix the problem for me after that .
try opening the gmail app , go to settings ( click the three vertical dots in the top right ) , click on your email account and select " default inbox " as your inbox type . i expect this is happening because you have got " priority inbox " set as your default and this does not show all your messages .
the issue you are referring too is well reported on google support forums , as it seems to be affecting many users and/or devices . all points to an update ( s ) that raised the issue with certain devices . you can go around this problem until it gets resolved : step by step : access your device settings ; touch on " applications" ; scroll down until you find the " google play music " app ; touch to open it ; touch " clear data" ; if any updates have been installed , on the upper right corner of your screen you should have a " uninstall updates " button , touch it to revert to the previous version ; it may ask your confirmation about going back to the previous/factory version , in that case , confirm the action . prevent recurrence : to prevent this issue from raising anytime soon , you should also disable " auto updates " at least until a new update is launch and the reviews are positive : open the " play store " app ; touch your device " menu " button ; select " settings" ; locate and touch " auto-update apps" ; touch " do not auto-update apps " . quoted answer from google support forum : go into phone settings and select &lt ; applications> scroll down and select . . hit and then upper right corner select it will ask if you wish to go back to old factory version . . . select ok . should fix problem . any app you wish to update manually uncheck allow automatic updating . read the reviews first to see if updates and new versions do not have bugs . good luck
i do not know of a better solution for now , but i could do it by adding telnetd in the end of the .bashrc file . it is run many times , but the command fails if the address is already in use anyway . this is a quick hack , but it would be nice to have an initialization script run when the app starts .
you can try another way : wireless connection via wifi . some apps such as airdroid , web pc suite can help you transfer files by wifi . connect the two devices by scanning a qr code , then you can send files between the two devices easily .
first , there is something off about the model number you mention . gt-i9505g is the model of the galaxy s4 google play edition that you purchase directly from the google play store . it works well with all us gsm carriers ' hspa+ and lte frequencies , but i am not sure about its compatibility with canadian carriers . in canada there seem to be two variants of the galaxy s4: sgh-m919v which is sold on wind mobile , eastlink and videotron , and sgh-i337/sgh-i337m which is sold on canadian bell , rogers and telus . your trouble may be because you flashed incorrect version of clockworkmod recovery and cyanogenmod rom , which are incompatible with your phone 's model . seeing how you are on rogers , you should be using recoveries and roms made for the sgh-i337/m variant . the device code for this model is " jfltecan " . the corresponding cwm recovery can be downloaded here , while cyanogenmod rom can be downloaded here * . * according to cyanogenmod 's latest post on g+ , september 6th and 7th nightly builds have issues with being unable to boot on most devices . use sept 5th build to be safe .
found this on google after having the same problem , turns out the screen was just off but the phone was still booting , so try leaving the phone for a few minutes after the samsung gt9505g logo goes off .
the nightly builds of cyanogenmod are for testing only . they are not suitable for a phone that you actually want to use . the nightly build can be completely different from one night to the next , and might not even have passed any tests . not booting at all is a very likely outcome ; the next day , it might boot fine , but corrupt your filesystem as soon as you try to use it . if you want to install cyanogenmod on your phone and actually be able to use the phone , you should download and install the stable build . if you want something that is newer and not quite so well tested , but still likely to mostly work , you can try a release candidate version instead . there are no guarantees whatsoever for the nightly build . looking at the cyanogenmod website , it appears there is not a stable release for your device yet . perhaps this is why you tried the nightly build . if there has never been a stable release for your device , it is even more likely that the nightly build is in an incomplete , not-working state , and will continue to be until the volunteers can test it on real devices and fix all the problems . that said , there does seem to be a release candidate for 10.1.3 , so that is probably the best choice . the bad sd card error you got might be a symptom of the nightly build having corrupted your sd card . before trying to flash a new rom , you should try to put the sd card in a pc and scan the filesystem for errors ( e . g . using fsck , or another method depending on the os your pc uses ) , or use a fresh sd card . after that , try again to flash a stock rom or a stable release of cyanogenmod . supporting 10.2 on your device would take a lot of volunteer time , and devices to test on . if you want to help get a stable release for your device sooner , you could offer to help the developers with your time or money to support the development . details are towards the bottom of this page .
the sureshot way is to root and install cyanogenmod . it has a host of options to increase the speaker output .
i ended up doing this : transform the data from . csv to . osm download and run osmandmapcreator in osmandmapcreator , let only " build poi index " checked , then click file > build . obf from osm file . . . select the . osm file distribute the resulting . obf file . users can easily use it with osmand .
just a guess , but worth trying : i did the same with locus maps . i created a kml , which imported fine , and could be used as layer there ( locus even supports kmz containing images and more , so you could use that for a " self-made travel guide" ) . the article using kml files on the same site suggests at least the kml part should work with osmand as well , so i considered placing this as answer ( instead of making it a comment ) . this article even explicitly mentions pois – which probably is the reason your linked article contained that few details : you may use any format containing your pois , if you are able to convert it to osm format . and all points inside the kml file are converted into osm points , assigning them some properties like tourism category and museum type . note the categories mentioned here match those on your linked article .
i solved this by reinstalling the store update ( i.e. . switching it back to the basic market app and let it update again )
i noticed that you said you tried clearing the cache and data for the google play store app , and the target app 's cache . can you try to uninstall the application and install it from scratch ? that might help .
try http://www.fosshub.com/myphoneexplorer.html for me works like a charm , i have fingerbread 2.3.5
you can use mouse using usb female cable i can use this cable to control my huawei assend d then you can remove the lock to avoid interruption
requirements your phone must be rooted you need a usb cable you need a pc usb debugging must be enabled android sdk or at least adb must be installed on the pc you need to be familiar with command prompts/terminals tutorial connect your phone to the pc open up a command prompt to connect the phone terminal , run adb shell to emulate a power button ( to power on the device ) , run input keyevent 26 to unlock the screen , run input keyevent 82 your phone now is unlocked ! notes this did not work for me but it is confirmed to work with others references to see a list of useful adb commands , visit this site advices install a vnc server on the phone such as this one , and install a client on a pc such as this one , and connect the pc to the phone and then you can use the phone on the pc directly
you can use a usb cable and buy a usb mouse so that you can use that [ a mouse ] instead of touch screen . check out a usb adapter for android that fits your budget [ and make sure it is compatible with your device ] and purchase it .
there are several approaches possible . some devices already ship with some kind of power management , which just needs to be enabled ( check in settings ) . apart from that , specific power management apps are available in the playstore . e.g. battery life saver can be configured to take actions on " battery low " , like switching off wifi , bt , and others ( not sure if a power-off is included here as well ) . big battery promises to allow a shutdown at battery-low in its donate version . and then there is always tasker to do things like shutting down the device at 20% , or shutting off wifi etc . at 30% , and so on . as a free alternative , automateit can do the same . but i am afraid in both cases , this will require a rooted device .
titanium backup has an option to re-link apps to the play store .
tasker can do that ( and a lot more things ) , as long as the app in question supports it ( a list of apps with tasker support can e.g. be found here − never mind the german , if you are just after the list ) . as you have described , it supports " shake gestures " , and if your device has a camera button , you could utilize that as well . " flip gestures " might also come in handy ( flip the device to face down , then face up , etc . ) i know it is a paid app . but to try it out , visit the app 's project site and get a 7-day trial ( remember to export all your configuration and profiles before " day 7" , then you can simply uninstall , re-install , and re-import your settings for another 7 days period − this hint comes from the dev himself , so it is nothing bad ; ) the app needs some time to get warm with it . but once you did , you do not want to miss it anymore : )
i do not know if you are rooted or if you have custom recovery or not , but in some of the later versions of clockworkmod recovery there is an option to " delete battery stats " . without root , there seems to be no way to reset the battery statistics .
you can recalibrate the battery . what happened is you battery status file is corrupted . use a battery calibration app from playstore and recalibrate battery . if it is rooted go to recovery and wipe battery status and do calibration
i would probably try something like tubemate . it does not do exactly what you want it to ( cache the videos ) , but it allows you to click to download , and saves them in an easy to access location within the app . you could think of it as manually caching them ; )
playtube is a software which does the thing you want
google 's youtube app has an option to preload videos that are either in a channel you are subscribed to or that are in your " watch later " list . i have not tested this but i think it will keep a video that you have preloaded cached for a while after you watched it for the first time .
i would think , that videos are not cached because of memory constraints on mobile devices . software developers have to design and implement software that works for the great majority of users . perhaps adding an intelligent ( device agnostic ) cache function is not on the top of functionality they want to implement right now .
i fixed it : ) in case somebody is in the same situation , here is what i did : i flashed my phone to its original rom using flashtool ( if u dont know how to use it go here ) thats it thanks everyone
try holding the " back " key while turning the phone on . it sounds as if the phone is in a boot loop . why did you need to install busybox in the first place ? cyanogenmod ( and most other custom roms ) already has it included . i would recommend re-flashing cm6 again .
this link is a discussion of this issue on the android open handset alliance project site . users on this page talk about the problem in detail and discuss some possible solutions . i would recommend you star this issue . if the enhancement is implemented or there is a status change you will be notified and can try again on your phone .
the gmail app does not support downloading attachments . it does support viewing a limited amount of mimetypes . if you want to download the zip file , you will need to go to gmail . com using the browser on the phone and download it from there . another alternative is to use another android email client . k-9 mail works well with gmail accounts and can both download attachment to the sd card as well as open them from the mail itself .
so it turns out that there is no other way than to do it manually , and it is not difficult at all : ) get myphoneexplorer ( i am sure you can do it using the phone portal too , but myphoneexplorer is just so convenient : ) go to the contact tab , right click on any contact , click on export/import , export all contacts , and select the csv format check that the csv file is ok opening it in excel for example open gmail , go to the contacts link and click on import , select the csv file and import now return to the phone explorer , and delete all your contacts click on android 's settings - accounts , click on the gmail account and click on synchronize contacts . all your contacts are restored to your phone , but now they are linked in gmail .
have you tried to use 0000 for both ? it is the most commonly-used password for devices that does not ask for password , or also set as the default passwird .
i have thought about this as well for my senior parents . there are really only two options : replace the stock launcher with something like big launcher ( $10 ) or large launcher senior ( free ) . the downside to these is that they feel more childish , and some older tech-savvy users might not appreciate that . increase the font size that android displays text in . some versions of android already have an option under Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Large Text ( sidenote : magnification gestures may also be helpful to some senior users who can remember them ) . additionally , big font ( free ) offers more granular control over font sizes . pair that with a third-party launcher , like apex and holo launcher which allow you to change the icon sizes on both the home screen ( s ) and the app drawer . another nice thing is that you can hide apps with these launchers too , so you could hide apps that might not be helpful for the user to see every time they search the drawer .
when my mother first switched to a smart phone i made her a customized launcher with lightning launcher . its free and has tons of customizations . downfall is that it might take a bit to learn all the features but once you learn its really incredible . you can change icon size , text size , icon rotation , and even set it up with massive fonts so putting on glasses to use the phone is not always required
what i ended up doing was selecting the " upload all " option under the google+ settings for instant upload . this uploaded some photos that had not already been uploaded and seems to have kick-started the process .
in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Your Google Account make sure google photos is selected this is in Settings-&gt;Google in 4 . x . edit : i just checked , and reinstalling the google+ all fixed this . uninstall the app , then install it again . you then need to go into the settings menu and enable instant upload .
quite possibly , the contacts folder has been officially deprecated . it exists for vista compatibility where it was introduced for the first time . i have not yet tested the 3.0 sync app . i am still using 2 . x and sync with outlook .
i think you will find that is normal . i wondered about it at first too . . if you lock your phone by pressing the power button , your phone is locked , but not secure . because you have only just been using your phone , if you unlock it immediately by re-pressing the power button and pulling down the clock , you will not have to enter your pincode or pattern , because it is highly unlikely to have been stolen in the past 30 seconds . however if you lock your phone via the power button ( or if it times out by itself ) and then you leave it for a few minutes then the next time you drag down the clock to unlock it , you will also have to enter your pincode or pattern , to verify that it is you . if you want your phone to ask for your pincode every time , straight away , go to : " settings " > " security " > " lock phone after " > and select , " immediately " . i have mine set to 3 minutes for convenience . hope this helps . .
after some troubled tries i could save ( not sync ) all my contacts . first try was to remove all contacts again and sync with mac address book ( which is also synced with google ) using kies ( samsung ) ; it always crashed when around 80% sync task was performed . then i remove all contacts again , created a vcf file containing all address book data , copied it to the phone and finally imported data from file . just to check sync with google i added a test contact to address book , synced to google and then synced from the phone . the contact was added despite ' sync is currently experiencing problems . . . ' was displayed again .
i am afraid that the native facebook app is very limited in functionality . while it has improved ( quite a bit ) from its initial launch , there are still a lot of things you can not do in the app . you may be able to do what you need from the mobile-optimized website (http://m.facebook.com) but most likely you are going to need to hop over to your desktop and use the full website in your desktop browser .
the recent applications list show only what applications have been recently used , it does not check whether they are still running or using memory/cpu . therefore , this list does not affect battery use one way or the other . instead , you might want to check Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; [swipe to the right] to show running applications , processes and services . here you can see the apps that are using your device and consuming battery , and kill unnecessary processes by tapping the app and then Stop .
you can access the built-in graphic equalizer by going to settings , then sound , then audio effects .
try somee appz like power amp , pro player for equalizer setting
move the big application installed in the internal memory to sd card and clear cache . . with some appz like ccleaner for android . .
go launcher ex looks like you can turn that on , at least for some apps . related is the next notification plugin for next launcher 3d .
in windows , install/use nexus root toolkit to install the playstore . apk , then re-install missing gapps direct from playstore .
i tried to download the gapps from here and installed them from the sd card but nothing happened . how can i get them installed ? perhaps there is not enough memory in system . check and flash a lighter version with only essential apps ( or trim down the package on your own )
i think the problem could be the default " unconfined domain " the binary gets executed when no policy is specified . an attempt i would try would be to move the sshelper_sshd ( i think it is the sshd server ? ) somewhere on the /system partition ( /system/sbin/ ? ) i think the best and updated document to read to deal with selinux implementation on android ( seandroid ) is how-to su . here an extract from chapter 5.4.4 . android 4.4.3 a good example of the unconfined domain not being all-mighty , is executing files from /data . starting android 4.4.3 , this will no longer be possible from the unconfined domain ( see #74082 and #78801 ) . the established practise of including binaries and scripts in your apk , extracting them to /data/data/ [ package ] /files/ or placing them in /data/data/ [ package ] /lib/ and executing them from there through a su call will no longer work out-of-the-box . while there are other work-arounds possible ( like copying to and executing from rootfs ) , one solution is switching contexts to a context not in the unconfined domain ( like u:r:untrusted_app:s0 , the context the rest of your app is likely to run as ) . you will need to do extensive testing to see if all the calls you want to make still run in the context you choose , though , and you may have to try some different ones to get the capabilities you want . note that executing files in /data will still work as expected from your app if you are not trying to run it as root .
now that the phone is released , i believe sparx 's answer is incorrect for part 1 . it has an 8 mp rear camera , and a 1.9 mp front facing camera .
no - one 3.15mp camera on the rear 3.15 mp , 2048x1536 pixels , autofocus , geo-tagging , face and smile detection , video- qvga@15fps . here 's a comparison of the galaxy 3 alongside images from its peers . yes , the default browser does indeed support multiple windows .
try booting into safe mode . it should set things right up . you could determine the problem much easier there . that will turn off all 3rd party services , leaving plain android behind . to goto safe mode , press the power button on your device . touch and hold the power off option in the dialog box . touch ok in the following dialog to start safe mode .
go into the app info by going into settings applications and finding your ted app or dragging it from the launcher to the app info button . disable and re-enable notifications with the " show notification " button .
i would actually recommend upgrading past donut , since there is a great custom rom community for the g1 . for example , this looks like the best froyo rom for the g1 , but you can look around xda 's android development forum ( specifically the rom bible thread ) if you want to find out more first .
if you did not explicitly configure your device to automatically use " open " and unprotected networks , it will only connect to those you explicitly tell it to -- so you need not worry about this . as for your "3g turning off " issue : that is very strange . something in your device still seems to think that , as soon as some wifi is near , you are going to use that . probably you can avoid this by turning wifi off . you need not do that manually everytime ( you might forget , and you might be annoyed when it is not on when you need it ) -- but rather let smart wifi manage this for you . this app remembers wifi networks you connected to . when you get disconnected , it will switch wifi off . as soon as it detects you get close to it ( it remembered the cell towers near , so this is it detects the area where you have been connected to some wifi ) , it switches wifi back on . it just could get weird with " mobile hotspots " , if you connect to another android device 's hotspot functionality in the middle of a desert , it would always turn wifi on at that place , even if nothing 's around . oh , well : no cell towers close ? so this will not happen : )
the share menu simply lists apps that have an appropriate intent filter for the share action with the type of data being shared . so the only way to get a new item on the share menu is to install an app that does the thing you want . if one does not already exist , it is not that hard to create one following the official documentation , but since this is not a programming forum , we can not help you any further .
i to am using my phone as a 3g modem and sometimes this happens when i messed up some settings in the phone . i just clear the Settings data on my phone and it returns to normal . open Settings app go to Apps go to ALL tab find the Settings app open it and Clear Data try tethering again this usually fixes the wifi dropping while tethering issue on my xperia play if your internet keeps timing out while you are connected then it might be also a network issue , or your phone automatically disconnecting from the network due to inactivity . if you frequently take a break using the internet but like to keep the connection alive then i would recommend using a pinger
each mobile phone has an unique unlock code . you can buy the unique unlock code for your sony ericsson xperia x10 mobile phone in unlocking4u , and follow their free instructions to get free from the locked network .
it does not look like there is any reliable way to unlock it without the unlock code . you should call the carrier and ask them to help you unlock it . most will give you the code if you are persistent enough , and apparently you can enter it by typing *#06# on the dialer .
you should try resetting defaults for your browser app from application manager . go to settings > application manager > click your browser app from app list (which ever browser u r using) > you are in app info now > clear defaults . this might help u .
go into Settings -&gt; Applications search for Youtube scroll to the Launch by default section tap on Clear defaults
on the kindle fire , on the list of apps to be updated , there is an update all button at the top right . you can update one-by-one or all-at-once , but there is no facility to update a selected group .
if you do not depend on a data connection , there may be some solutions around : the google playstore has a lot of automation apps to offer , which you can use to set up more than this . in your case , this would be a time-based scenario : from 11pm to 7am , disable wifi and mobile data no data connection => no new mail => no new mail notifications . apps capable of things like that include e.g. timeriffic ( free , and one of the top-apps in this section ) , llama ( also capable of location-based and other rules ) , and -- my favorite -- tasker . though the latter is not the cheapest one , it is the most flexible , and you can get a 7-day-trial at their homepage . for examples what else you can achieve with tasker , you might also want to take a look at <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? , and the examples at the mentioned homepage . also , a google search on tasker profiles will list you a lot of goodies . to accomplish your goal using tasker , simply create the following profile : context : time ( fill in your " from " and " to " to define the time frame ) task : net-> mobile data : set off net-> wifi : set off that is all . say you defined it as described above ( 11pm to 7am ) , tasker would switch off wifi and mobile data at 11pm , and return to the previous state at 7am . more solutions can probably be found here : is it possible to only silence certain notifications ?
or one could use an alternate email client like k9 which has quiet hours feature built-in .
you could also find the file being used as the tone for email ( assuming it is unique to email ) and rename it to [ email_tone_name ] . bak for certain hours . then when your time period has elapsed , rename [ email_tone_name ] . bak to [ email_tone_name ] . you may actually need to have a silent tone file and rename [ silent_file_name ] to [ email_tone_name ] . it may be that it will pick some default if it can not find the one it is set to use .
kitkat has a feature where , when wi-fi is turned off , it periodically scans for networks to allow wi-fi-based location detection to work . to turn this off:- go to the wi-fi settings on the overflow menu ( the three dots ) select advanced uncheck scanning always available even when an app turns on wi-fi fully , this is not done with an intent ; rather , it is done by calling the method WifiManager.setWifiEnabled . only apps with the permission " connect and disconnect from wi-fi " can do this .
if it is not that kitkat feature dan mentioned , and the intervals are reasonably short ( so e.g. it happens at least once while you are sleeping at night ) : enable usb debugging connect your device to your pc via usb on your pc , run adb logcat | tee wifi.log go to bed next morning , press ctrl + c check wifi.log to see when it was triggered ( and hopefully , by whom ) this should at least help narrowing things down . even if it does not explicitly state " app x triggering wifi " , you can check for patterns , like " evertime wifi had been turned on , i find event z of app x mentioned a few lines before " . good indicator it might have to do with x then . so check whether x has some network ( or " coarse location" ) permissions requested ( and granted ) , as if not , it is unlikely to be your candidate . otherwise , try disabling/freezing/uninstalling it , and see if your issue is gone . if so , you found it – if not , repeat with the next .
i had the same issue with my device ( note 3 ) . t-mobile does not seem to have a " connection optimizer " feature in its line of phones . in t-mo 's case the feature that needs to be disabled is the " wi-fi manager " . to disable this feature you need to do the following : access your t-mobile account ( for me i just press on the " t-mobile my account " app ) . press the menu button on your device , then select " options " . under " notifications " uncheck the box marked " display wi-fi manager notifications " . under " connection assistant " select " open wi-fi manager " . uncheck the box for " manage wi-fi connections " . that is it . . . i talked to t-mobile tech support about an unrelated issue and offhandedly mentioned this problem . the rep informed me that this was a known issue and stated that this issue was being addressed . in the mean time disabling the " wi-fi manager " is a temporary fix to address this problem . here is the shorthand way to disable the wi-fi manager : t-mobile my account -> menu -> options -> " display wi-fi manager notifications " ( uncheck ) -> " open wi-fi manager " ( under " connection assistant" ) -> ( uncheck ) " manage wi-fi connections " .
rst2pdf is an application that can be used to compile restructured text into pdf . to read a pdf on your android should be trivial-ish . grab any pdf reader .
"0-click " batch restore ( as the market page describes it ) is one of the features of the pro version . you cannot do it in the free version , but purchasing a key for the pro version allows you to perform a batch restore unattended .
on what os ? for linux try lsusb to see if something is listed that could match your phone . is the debug icon showing in the notification bar on the phone ?
make sure " usb debugging " option checked and your driver has been installed properly . you can try following step command : 1 . adb kill-server 2 . adb start-server 3 . adb devices hope this help .
since you are talking about tasker , have you seen this comment from their google play page : tasker integration : add a locale variable to your layout and set the variable name ( click it ) in tasker select plugins -> minimalistic text for an action click " edit " , a new activity starts enter the name of the variable and the text that should be displayed for this variable ( you can use tasker variables ) everything else is customizable . add a new row , and use the + button to select and add new elements by checking them .
after you create a widget , you will be able to customize its settings as you see in the flow below . in the 3rd image , the layout section is the 3rd tab ( or whatever it is called ) .
go to settings > more > mobile networks > " use only 2g networks " make sure the above option is unchecked and you have correctly activated a proper 3g plan . also , do not forget to configure the apn for using the internet .
as far as i know , this is simply a bug in the htc email application . you can try using a different client ( k9 supports signed messages , i believe ) , but beyond that you will have to take it up with htc and hope that they decide to fix it at some point . here 's a related xda thread where someone includes what he says is a response from htc regarding the issue . there is also a thread on the android central forums where someone reports the same bug ( and no solution ) . those threads are a little on the old side , but i do not believe htc has fixed this yet .
the built-in google voice commands can not ( at this time ) launch apps . however , a quick search on the market revealed a few possible alternatives . here are two : cyberon voice commander voice actions
it depends on your application . for example , the " listen to . . . " ties in with several music apps like spotify and mspot . so far there is no way to launch an arbitrary app through voice actions if the app does not support one of the voice action keywords .
this was originally going to be a comment , as i am not 100% sure of its accuracy , but here goes : at least with the stock gingerbread browser , every link that you click makes the browser broadcast an intent to see which apps respond saying that they can handle the link 's target themselves ( like when you follow a play store link and it asks you if you want to open it in the browser ( play.google.com ) or in the play store app ) . since no apps respond the browser essentially ignores it . when you ask to open it in a new tab , the browser already knows exactly what you wantit to do with the link , so instead of querying your apps , it simply opens the link in the new tab ( like opening a new tab and typing in the url ) . so that is why it works when you open in a new tab , but not when you simply click the link . as for a solution , you could try http server , airdroid or similar apps . once you setup the server , your target addresses should look something like http://127.0.0.1/whatever . since this has an http:// protocol the browser recognizes this . edit : to my understanding , you can also use other ( potentially free ) server apps , like airdroid . when it tells you your ip address is http://xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:abcd , you use that when you are connecting from another device , like your computer . but when you are using the same phone that you are running the server on , just go to http://127.0.0.1:abcd in your android 's browser .
for android 4.0 settings---> storage---> apps---> contacts storage---> clear data sync the contacts with your gmail account before doing this , remove synchornisation , do the above steps and sync again with you gmail account , will take some time for the names and numbers to come
to answer your question , see this previous question for options on changing the country that the market think your phone is in : how can i circumvent regional restrictions in the android market ? for the second part of your question about which country to change to , from the app 's description : currently for u.s. and canada based phones only . but from this description : the application dials to our service , which dials to the other party , showing your phone number as the caller id . the service then records the call at the telephony level , and sends a very high-quality recording straight to your email box . i think that even if you get it to install , it will only work properly if you are currently in the us or canada , as it seems to work by redirecting your call through a landline call forwarding service , which either will not work in other countries , or will be using a hideously expensive international rate call for that purpose .
i had the same problem and asked google to help me . this is their answer : we use the billing address of your default payment instrument in google wallet to help determine your home country for accessing the play store . our collection of content can vary by country , so your view of the play store may differ from what others are seeing when you travel outside of the country listed on your default payment method 's billing address . please note that you must have a valid payment method with a billing address located inside a country in order to access that country 's play store . if you are having issues viewing your intended country 's play store and would like to change your default payment method or update an existing billing address in google wallet , please use the following steps : 1 ) sign into your google wallet account to manage your payment methods ( https://wallet.google.com/manage/paymentmethods ) 2 ) add a new card or change your default payment instrument to one with a billing address located inside your desired country 3 ) open the play store and navigate to any item available for download 4 ) click to begin a download until you reach the " accept and buy " screen ( no need to complete the purchase ) 5 ) close the play store and clear data for the google play store application ( settings > apps > google play store > clear data ) or clear your browser cache 6 ) re-open the play store . you should now see the play store that matches your default payment instrument 's billing country . if you have not yet added a payment method to your account for the first time , please add a card directly from the play store with a billing address that matches your intended country location . then , follow steps 3 through 6 to show your intended country 's play store .
i had the same problem and got over it by doing following go to samsung website , login and then delete the account . did this from my pc . go to android settings , accounts and then delete the account associated with samsung app go back to samsung app store on android device , create new account .
install adobe flash player for android . use boat browser as your android browser . enable flash via Settings &gt; Page content settings &gt; Enable flash/plug-ins . this is what i did to enable flash on my samsung galaxy s4 . no luck with stock browser and dolphin .
i hope it is okay to answer my own but i thought it might be useful to others . i found these looking around more : photon browser and puffin browser . both play flash sites without all the complicated installation of adobe .
there is a howto at makeuseof . com describing how to install adobe flash player on jellybean . excerpt : enable unknown-sources on your device grab the .apk for flash player from xda-developers and save/copy it to your sdcard use a file manager ( such as e.g. es file explorer file manager ) , navigate to the place you have stored the .apk , and tap the file once . this starts the installer . once the installation is finished , you should be able to play flash again . however , not every browser might support it . the very same article mentions how to enable flash support in firefox : open firefox , tap the menu button and open settings > plugins and choose enabled . that way you should be able to use it with your favorite websites .
if both devices are rooted , you can use airdroid , which offers an . . . realtime android screen ( experimental feature , root permission required ) view your android 's screen , take a screenshot , or even record a screencast . as you connect to the device using a web browser , you can just have two browser windows open - et voila , both devices should be shown simultaneously . alternativ solution : droid vnc server ( and other vnc servers ) . again , requires rooted device -- plus a vnc client on the computer . there are several more solutions , but they mostly fall in either of the mentioned categories .
connect to kies in this mode as shown in your photograph . follow instructions for emergency firmware recovery . it worked for me .
the below assumes you have the gt-i9000 ( international galaxy s ) . go to this xda thread and download the newest 2.2 firmware for your region . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
if you think the phone might still be on / not deactivated , you could try installing plan b from lookout mobile . there are other apps that you can remotely load and wipe your memory card remotely so the thief cannot access your photos . however if the thief has since removed your memory cad , he can unfortunately access your photos .
if your memory card is not encrypted then your images and other data is not safe from the thief . vaulty simply hides files , not protect and encrypt them . but then again , most thieves are only after the money . mostly likely they will find a way to reformat your phone , delete all contents , and sell it as refurbished/used on ebay .
dr ketan has an excellent thread on this topic at the forums at xda-developers . i would consider this the definitive guide on how to safely root your note .
cwm is not supporting roms and recovery images for the galaxy note yet . it is mistaken with galaxy sii and other models . if you are rooting your phone , do not use the cwm . zip file or you will brick it . i have done it myself without knowing and now i cannot install roms or ever restore factory settings : (
the option you are citing is the very same . whether it says " about phone " or " about device " is usually dependent of whether it is a phone or a tablet . obviously samsung " thinks big " . to your main issue : you might be able to use a bluetooth device scanner on your pc to give you details on " devices in reach " . details should at least give you clues , so e.g. " edr " is not available before bt 2.0 , ssp was added with 2.1 , etc . ( see wikipedia on bluetooth ) . on the other hand , checking the s3 specs at gsmarena . com ( first address when looking for device specs ) shows : bluetooth : yes , v4.0 with a2dp , edr which should answer your question .
google your device model and where it says all the specs like ram and camera pixels and it should say bluetooth version . if that does not work then google bluetooth versions and look at the dates to see what version it would have .
one approach would be to find a vnc-like server for the phone . using that they should be able to bring up the ui of the phone onto a computer .
yeah ! i have it as a java file . saved the code below as the following file format ' androidscreencast . jnlp ' hope this helps !
the vibration you are referring to it is called " haptic feedback " , and can be disabled for certain ui interactions . this may or may not work for you : touch " home" ; touch " menu" ; touch " settings" ; touch " sound" ; scroll your way to " haptic feedback" ; disable it by touching to remove the green tick . try and see if it provides the desired effect . take not that this option does not affect all ui interactions , as mentioned under that option .
there is no official google talk voice/video chat for android phones . you can use google talk in android 2.3.4+ to make video chats now . additionally , any calls made via google voice are done via cell tower ( using your minutes ) , not data .
sorry to bump an old question , but you can now make both audio and video calls from android with google talk if you have 2.3.4 ( gingerbread ) or higher . 1
very elegant solution - root the phone , download nobloat app . disable all unnecesary processes - google for the ones u can disable . my phone is 500% more responsive after this . i am using original samsung 4.3 rom .
first a few things on the symptoms : on unix/linux/android , " free ram " is considered a " wasted resource " . if ram is not occupied by running processes themselves , the system uses it to buffer and cache other things , like the file system . this should speed things up , as usually ram allows faster access . for more details , please check out ram tag-wiki . " task killers " are discussed controversely . while most ( if not all ) people agree they are fine to stop " rogue processes " , it is certainly not their job to " free up ram " or even " save battery " . in these terms , they are rather contra-productive , as most killed processes simply restart themselves ( which costs more battery than if they had kept running , and fills up the " freed ram " again as well ) . for details on this , closer information can be found in the answers on e.g. do i really need to install a task manager ? , do task killers actually work ? and is it advisable to run a task killer app on android . and finally , to the issue itself ( experiencing lags ) . as you describe it as a problem " growing with the time " ( i.e. . it was not there in the beginning , but slowly became more and more visible ) , you will probably find some help in the answers to my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ?
the lag you are seeing is unrelated to ram usage . my " international " s3 runs the stock rom and is not rooted . right now it has 277 mb free and it never lags at all . as izzy explains , free ram is not a predictor of performance on android . android tries its best not to remove processes from ram when they stop running , because if the same process needs to run again , it would cost energy and cause lag to load it into ram again next time . the only time you get lag as a result of ram use is after you have used one particular ram-hungry app . when one app hogs all the ram , all these " cached " processes get evicted from ram to free it up . then , when you switch to a different app ( even the launcher or settings ) , android has to stop the memory-hungry process and load the new one into ram from storage . oddly enough , this is the behaviour you get for every app , if you use a task killer to keep stopping background or cached processes , or if you force-close every app ( or swipe them out of the recent apps list ) .
i believe what it stands for is " debug surfaceflinger hardware " , and there is only one ( that i know of ) reference to it in the android source code ( in displayhardware . cpp ) : or , in english terms , the system reads the value of the debug.sf.hw flag . if it has a value and that value is equal to zero it disables hardware compositing , otherwise it skips over that block of code . i think there is something of a misconception in that the default should be to have hardware compositing enabled , but you can set debug.sf.hw=0 in order to disable it . so really it is a debug flag , but setting it to 1 ( strictly speaking , any non-zero value ) would explicitly cause compositing to remain enabled . as far as i know , though , the only time it should really have an impact is if the device 's default value is 0 for whatever reason .
check out screenshot ultimate . what i would do is enable the folder listener trigger , and make sure the settings points to the correct screenshot folder . after this is enabled , i would take a screenshot normally . then , the app will ask me what to do with it . i would click edit , and crop it .
try to install xperia ray patch from http://www.androidizer.com/update-sony-xperia-ray-to-jelly-bean-4-1-2-latest-rom-version-8-0/ after doing it , flash boot . img . i recomend this nightly cyanogenmod 11 for xperia ray : http://legacyxperia.basketbuild.com/index.php?dir=main/urushi/cm-11.0/nightlies/
the reason for the error is , you have downloaded the wrong package . the downloaded package is not compatible for ray . to download the original package and detailed installation tutorial , read my article given below : how to install kitkat 4.4.2 on sony xperia ray hope this helps .
there is no easy way to roll back an official firmware update . generally when carrier or smartphone manufacturer releases an update , they do not provide a way to downgrade . you can try to find the original firmware on the internet , or try to install a custom firmware of the previous version , if one is available for your device . both these workarounds will most likely require you to root the phone and possibly unlock its bootloader , and will most likely void your warranty . regarding your particular issue with display , it is possible that a simple factory reset will resolve this . if that fails , you should take the phone to a service center and have their technicians examine it for defects . if the phone is still under warranty , you may want to send it for repairs .
android 's hotkey to take screenshots is vol down and power pressed simultaneously for about 3 seconds . the delay is there to prevent accidental presses . ( samsung phones hotkey is the power and home button )
you are right that is the way the image should be captured and saved in the folder screenshots . but sadly , some of the rom manufactures remove this feature from the rom , do not know why , but yes they do so and the user is not able to use this feature . i have a phone , qmobile noir a8 and on this phone i was able to capture the screenshot through the very same process and this was the very first phone i noticed android os has this feature too . but then i installed a new custom rom on it . http://www.incpak.com/tech/qmobile-noir-a8-jellybean-4-2-2-download/ ( link for the rom ) and til then , i am not able to capture the screen shot using these buttons . so the rom you are using might not have this functionality or might have been overriden by some other function . if you still can not figure it out , you can try contacting lg for this issue . they would guide you in a better way .
maybe you can remove manually using adb shell . adb remount adb shell adb su cd system cd app rm yourapkname.apk -> change to the apk you want to remove reboot
if it does not have to be bluetooth , but wifi would make you happy as well : for quite a while now , android offers a nice feature called hotspot . the one with the unlimited mobile data starts that on his device , and everybody with wifi capabilities can use it like any other wifi hotspot ­– if they are told the connection data ( wifi password and hotspot name ) .
the ssh server does not set all the necessary environment variables so it is easier to use a shell script . when successful : # rescan-media Broadcasting: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MEDIA_MOUNTED dat=file:///mnt/sdcard } Broadcast completed: result=0  this works on cyanogenmod 9.1 . depending on your system the environment may be slightly different . note : in later versions of cyanogenmod / android the sd card may be mounted at /storage/sdcard0 . make sure you know where your card is mounted or this will never work . diskinfo may help here . thanks to dan hulme for pushing me in the right direction . references : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1752749 http://intwoplacesatonce.com/ http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/start-android-media-scanner-from.html
did you try keyevent for power button ? adb shell input keyevent keycode_power
warning : i have not tested this procedure . you would need to have fstrim in system/bin . this xda post has a dropbox download link . start up adb and then switch users to root . $ adb shell from your os terminal . $ su to switch to the root user . to copy fstrim to your /system/bin path you first need to mount the system path as read/write from adb or some other file manager # mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system to mount /system as r/w then copy fstrim to the system path . # cp &lt;pathtofstrim&gt;/fstrim /system/bin next you need to change permissions of fstrim to include execute . # chmod 766 /system/bin/fstrim to make fstrim executable by root after setting the correct permissions on fstrim you can run these commands from adb ( as root ) : # fstrim -v /data # fstrim -v /cache # fstrim -v /system or , you could go the easy way . install the lagfix app , and trigger fstrim on demand , provided your device has fstrim support !
on my gs3 i looked under running apps and selected show cashed processes on clicking on one of them it gives the following description Old application process kept for better speed in case it is needed again  i can only assume from this that cache is storing certain data when an app is first ran , so by deleting the data the app will run from new each time
cache :-its a temporary storage file used by websites as well as the applications to store some data on your device . cache memory contains references ( where to store the settings i.e. in which folder it should load or store the source file ) , thumbnails ( images to be displayed in the application ) etc . advantages of cache:- 1 . once you have already loaded the application then your application loads exceptionally fast when compared to the first time load . ( apps like browser will load your websites much faster as they are stored in your cache ) 2 . instead of the application loading the wallpaper from the source ( phone memory ) every time you load the application it will create a buffer memory from which it can directly load the wallpaper saving the processor of the phone from doing this task . disadvantages:- 1 . the website takes some time to load the requested page as there is no buffer memory . this is not much big disadvantage as for the second time the page will load fast . 2 . although your pages are loading fast or the application is responding faster there is limited storage space which the cache memory can store . once it get 's filled / is nearing to then other application/same application will get slow as there is no space for the application to operate .
elixir is one of the most widely downloaded comprehensive system info app for android .
quadrant also give me the same information that android system info .
try android system info . you will me amazed how much information this application provides .
quick system info is what i use ( and was preinstalled in my leedroid rom )
both solutions mentioned by @izzy and @darknight in comments could work , but i found the easiest way is to replace steps 8,9,10 of the instructions by the following terminal command : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot  and then continuing as normal ( and of course write fastboot instead of fastboot . exe in steps 15,16 ) . that saves the trouble of manually downloading and installing flashboot and configuring files and so .
i do not think there is a good way to do this - the issue is not that the private number is being hidden by your phone , it is that the phone company is not transmitting the caller id info to you at all . so there should not be any way for you to get that data working strictly from your phone . unless you know people who regularly block caller id data , but do not leave messages , i would just assume it is spam callers and ignore them .
there is no way to get the number . private numbers are not sent by the network provider therefore your phone has no information about the caller .
you do not mention what version of the app you are using or which os version , but this is how i do it on my galaxy nexus with android 4.0 . open gmail app open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose Settings tap the email account you want to use under " data usage " tap " manage labels " you will see your labels there , including " pseudo-labels " like " starred " and " important " tap the label for which you want notifications ( in your case , " important" ) if not already on , turn on Sync messages ( either last 30 days or all ) tap the checkbox for Email notifications choose your options ( ringtone , whether to vibrate or not , whether to notify once or not ) you can have different notifications per label per account , which is nice , but if you overdo it you will have way too many notifications in your notification bar .
i could not connect my s3 to kies and tried everything other users posted ( usb debugging , scanning pc for viruses , etc . . . ) and i stumbled upon the fix that solved my issue and i have now connected with kies and have full functionality with kies and no issues with my s3 . the fix : on the s3 device : pull down from top of home screen ( swipe from top of screen downward ) to the screen that shows ( across the top ) wi-fi , bluetooth , etc . . . check to see how the device is connected " connected as a media device " should be shown . mine said " connected as a camera " and i changed that to " connected as a media device " and instantly connected to kies . hope this helps !
i realised that the problem lies with a mtp device driver which was not properly installed . all i had to do was delete all the drivers , including samsung kies , and reinstall everything again . one of the other thing i did before the issue appeared , was installing sgs3 easy ums . because i switched my phone from mtp to ums mode , that prevented my laptop from detecting the phone . switching it back to mtp , and reinstalling the above applications did help . however , i would continue to encounter connectivity issues every now and then . for instance , after i plugged my phone into my laptop via usb , and switch to syncing using kies air , i would encounter an error message that says my usb is plugged in . this could be easily resolved by restarting my phone . i can only conclude that samsung kies developer probably did not do a good job handling socket connections , resulting in the error above .
i had the same problem after rooting my s3 . the solution is easy : just unroot your phone and like magic your old driver will work correctly .
sounds like you need to clean up your internal memory first before you can do anything . there is three ways i can suggest to free some up : clean out your app caches to free up space ( browsers and maps are usually the worst offenders ) : you can use an app like sd maid ( it is tiny , you should be able to install it ) or by going into the application management section ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications-&gt;All , then click on an app name ) and manually clearing out app data for hogs like google maps and the like using the Clear cache button ( note : do not clear the app data ! just the cache ) . uninstall some apps , then reinstall them after you have moved other apps to the sd card . root your phone and uninstall bloatware / system apps you do not use with an app like titanium backup ( make sure you back up the apps first in case you need them later ) . note : this will keep your phone from being able to install carrier android updates in the future . android is usually pretty good about auto-installing apps to non-system storage when possible . does your version have an option to prefer installing to sd set ?
the official duckduckgo app has its own search widget that can replace android 's built-in google search widget . have you tried that ?
ok got it sorted . . . just writing this down incase anyone stumbles across the same issue . . . deleted both accounts and recreated them , now it works : )
my issue was resolved by upgrading google maps to v5.0 . for those troubleshooting this issue , also see this question ( which should probably be your first step ) : how do i set google latitude to auto-update with location regularly ?
i have found two different strategies work for this root the phone and install cyanogenmod . this has a setting under tablet enhancements that allows you to disable the lock screen , this negating the pin code entry install an email app from the market that is compatible with exchange , such as moxier mail . this still respects the security/pin code stuff for exchange , but only when launching that app , not unlocking the phone .
i too feel the same way that a remote wipe of the whole phone is way too much power to be handed over , especially in the case of our personal phones . unfortunately i do not think there is anything you can do about the built-in email app . i have a nexus s , and i decided to try touchdown because it does not allow a remote exchange administrator to wipe the phone , but rather only wipe the data associated with the exchange account ( i.e. . , your work emails and appointments ) . ( there is a box you can check for " enable wipe sd card " if you really want to grant them this power . there is also a feature where you can create a one-time code to self-destruct your own phone with an email , but neither of these things interest me . ) for exchange email and calendar appointments , i found that touchdown was able to connect via " activesync " without too much trouble , and it supports push email . the interface is not as smooth or simple ( or good-looking ) as the built-in app , but it seems like a small price to pay to know that my phone will not be wiped all of the sudden for any number of bad reasons . also the 30-day trial is fully functional ( except you can not change email sig , which mentions the app of course ) , and for $20 you can upgrade to the normal version ( which lets you change the email sig ) . hope this helps !
there is a lockpick app that will enter a pin automatically every time you turn on the phone 's screen to get around being required to enter a pin . someone was working on modifying the email files to accept the remote admin input and send the success replies while not actually performing an action . that would remove the need to use a pin and prevent remote wipe , but i have not seen that modded email come out into the light .
i had the same issue with a company i am working with now . i am a consultant , and my current client has given me a corporate email address , which i synched to my phone so i am able to view and respond to messages when i am not at the client site . they have a script that runs when your contract expires to send the remote wipe command . however , i have been extended several times , and their system treats extensions as a brand new contract , thus wiping my phone every time . touchdown worked like a charm . . . it keeps your data completely seperate from the rest of your phone . that is really the only negative , as you can not view all of your appointments ( personal and corporate ) on one central calendar . this applies both to the pin code and to the remote wipe command . . . since i have been extended several times , they have sent the wipe command each time and touchdown is simply wiped , not the rest of the phone . best 20 bucks i have ever spent . on a social note though i do agree since this is my personal phone , they should not be able to wipe all of my data unless the command is coming from me . i think this is a huge miss within the native email client .
i believe the remote wipe feature is now required for activesync . if you setup the account as a pop or imap account you will not have the remote wipe " threat " but the functionality is of course limited . maybe there is , or should be , a way to do it with a rooted device .
according to the gmail help pages , you should be able to easily export your contacts using a web browser : sign in to gmail . click gmail at the top-left corner of your gmail page , then choose contacts . from the more drop-down menu , select export . . . . choose whether to export all contacts or only one group . select the format in which you had like to export your contacts ' information . please note , some of these formats can lose some contact information . to transfer contacts between google accounts , use the google csv format . this is the recommended way to back up your google contacts . to transfer contacts to outlook , yahoo ! mail , hotmail , or various other apps , use the outlook csv format . to transfer contacts to apple address book , use the vcard format . click export . choose save to disk then click ok . select a location to save your file , and click ok . this ( and some other details ) are also described in a post titled how to create mail merge in gmail contacts . now you write you have some contacts which are not synchronized with your google account , but stored on your sim card . of course , you first need to " convert " them to " google contacts " , which is described in how do i import all contacts from a sim-card to an android phone ? : open the contacts app press the " menu " key navigate to import/export → import from sim card click " select all " ( or manually select the contacts you wish to import ) when asked where to copy the contacts to , select the appropriate option this procedure can also be found in a tutorial at androidadvices , together with some screenshots to visualise the process . your broken sd card should not matter here , as it is not involved anywhere in the process . see also : transfer all contacts in phone and sim to google contacts how to move phone contacts to google ? good idea to transfer all phone numbers from sim card to google contacts ? how do i import all contacts from a sim-card to an android phone ?
if your tablet does not provide a usb host port , you will need an usb otg adapter to connect your keyboard . there are many cheap usb otg adapters on ebay and other electronics shops .
the facebook app does not have this feature ( and several other features that are available on the web app ) . however , you can create a new list with a 3rd-party app like fast pro for facebook .
go to the contact you want to add the ringtone to , press the menu button in the top right corner and select Set ringtone . the mp3 file has to be in the /sdcard/Ringtones/ directory for the phone to find it .
just use ds super app2sd lite app , which gives you to system apps to your memory card and this app work in only rooted phone
this can often be caused by filesystem corruption on the sd card . the sd card might appear to work normally if you do not access the corrupted parts of the filesystem , but since the media scanner reads the whole filesystem , it is much more likely to get stuck on a corrupted file or directory . try removing the sd card and using a card reader on your pc to check the filesystem ( e . g . with scandisk or fsck ) .
seeing a file name like Computer\Nexus 4\Internal storage\Music\Christina St\u7709rmer\Freier Fall\1 Geh nicht wenn du kommst.mp3 points to a special problem with " special characters " ( such as german umlauts ) which got messed up on data transfer : while windoze uses its own character set ( ms-ansi or wone of the win-12xx , depending on configuration ) , android expects utf-8 -- which is why it is a good custom to use only 7-bit ascii characters in file names . due to this mismatch and the " unidentifyable character " , the media scanner most likely has crashed . which resulted in the media database not being populated , from which follows : the players think " no media files there " . proposed actions i would suggest to either temporarily delete or at least rename all affected files , so that no file with " special characters " in its name remains . then have the media scanner run again ( e . g . triggering it with rescan sd ) . once that is finished , i am pretty sure your media player ( s ) will find something to play ( with ) . that being approved , you know what to look for in the future . as said before , i strongly recommend to restict characters in file names to 7-bit ascii -- that avoids a lot of problems , though some names might look a little strange ; )
in the stock rom the nexus 4 default music player should be " play music " with an icon that looks like yellow headphones , never heard of apollo but it is possible this is something your custom rom 's changed . most music players on android get their " media library " from the built-in media scanner service , this should pick up mp3 files stored in any user-accessible storage location on your phone and add them to the scanner 's library . sometimes the media scanner does not " notice " new files you have just added and needs to be told to do a rescan , there are apps on the store that can do this , such as rescan sd , you can find a selection of them with a search of the play store if you run one of those and wait a couple of minutes all of your media should be picked up . it is unlikely from what you are saying , but it is also possible that a hidden .nomedia file may be sitting in your music folder , or one of it is parent/child folders . the presence of this file tells the media scanner to ignore the contents of that folder and it is child-folders . if you find that file somewhere in your music folder 's hierarchy , delete it .
delete the . nomedia found on your music folder . internal and external sd card music folder . install player pro media player . go to settings and point it to where your music folder at on your external sd card . once your songs showed up , it will show on your stock music player too . good luck
your music library might not be set up to scan even the /sdcard0/Music/ folder . connect your android phone the your computer and active " usb mode " on your computer access the sd card on your phone over the usb cable . so on windows it might look like " F:\Music\" as a drive letter . so , in this instance my issue looked like this " F:\Music\Music_aa\" i renamed it to " F:\Music\Music_ab\" the android usb helper service on the phone automatically starts a new scan for all media inside /sdcard/Music/Music_ab on the phone once you disconnect from usb mode . hope this helps .
had the same problem on android 4.4.2 . my solution : move sdcard/music to sdcard/media/music reboot to recovery mode wipe cache ( system cache , not the dalvik one ) reboot system enjoy with google play music ! ^_^
ok guys . . . . last night out of the blue my stock android media apps album and music player could not find any of the photos or songs that were actually in my sd card . after escaping a stroke by a little . . . . and four hours letter after readind a lot of forums i found a solution : for the music player i used an app called " next music " which could actually see the songs . i went to an option called scan by hitting the refresh button , did a full scan and magically my songs were readable by every other app including the stock player . without any rebooting for the photos i used quickpick . it was the only one that could actually see the photos . i opened each folder in my album then by pressing the hard menu key there was an option called " fix date " . did that for every folder and tbey appeared on my stock album app . without rebooting ps :deleting every . nomedia i found did absolutely nothing . . .
neither the pre-installed android music app nor apollo music player could see the files i side-loaded until i flattened the directory hierarchy to one-level . for example , music/band/song . ogg works , music/band/album/song . ogg does not . if only music players could see through those shallow id3 tags and get back to basics !
there are many things that can go wrong when messing around with the network settings , but the main ones to check are : that you have enabled Packet Data and is not Roaming on different network and that you have not set and exceeded your data limit . this can be both from your provider and also as a user defined setting .
i cannot tell for sure what is causing this , but there are two things i can think of as a remedy : try booting into safe mode ( see android safe mode in galaxy s3 for details if you are unsure ) . if that is still possible , think whether you have installed any app just before your problem started -- and delete that app from within safe mode . reboot to leave safe mode and see whether your problem has been solved this way ( hopefully it has ! ) last resort : factory reset . this will delete all data and all the apps you have installed , and make your device " virgin " ( see hard-rest . com for details on how to do this ) . i suggest trying the safe mode part right away as it does no harm . if it solves your issue , you are done ; otherwise you might to wait a little more for alternative answers here before going for the factory reset -- maybe someone else has an additional remedy to offer .
there also seems to be a little green phone handset ( unlike the white full phone mentioned in my question ) , indicating they are in a call .
tinyportriat ( solid ) : the user is reading the conversation . small phone icon : this indicates that the user is using the hangouts app on a mobile device .
i believe the solid green means you are using hangouts and the person is online . the sms indicator means you are texting instead of using hangouts .
i am not sure if it is the same on all devices , but if you long press on the letter e then you should see a pop-up that allows you to selected accented variations of the letter e .
as luke dunstan answers : but if i remember well , you do need to have froyo ( 2.2 ) installed . i do not think i had the accented characters when i had android 2.1 runnding on my galaxy s .
android 2.1 ( eclair ) plug in your phone pull the notification bar ; tap on " usb connected ( select to copy files to/from your computer ) " . tap " mount " . ubuntu should autoprompt you to browse the phone using file manager ( nautilus ) android 2.2 ( froyo ) ( and probably android 2.3 ) plug in your phone android should autoprompt you to enable usb mass storage . ubuntu should autoprompt you to browse the phone using file manager ( nautilus ) ( froyo image shamelessly taken from http://droidfreeapps.com/2010/05/usb-mass-storage-tweaks/ )
yes , it will : ) i do this all the time when a update comes up and available to my phone . i too am using play store 4.9.13 . even if this does not work out , you can uninstall updates in app settings in your phone .
turn off your facebook auto updates and auto sync and delete from the phone . be careful though . make sure your phone has been synced because all your contact info will be deleted . recync the phone and reload contact info . this appears to have fixedthe problem on my phone . also do not use htc sync to load music as it will fill all available space on the phone . copy music separately to the micro sd card .
your phone ( as most other android phones ) have two kinds of persistent storage -- internal and external . the internal storage is fixed into hardware , and is not intended to be user-serviceable . your sd card is the external storage , and is very much replaceable -- it is very accessible and can be swapped for another one , including greater capacity ones ( see this question for some additional information ) . however , replacing the sd card will not help in your case -- your phone complains that its internal storage space is low . this is a problem that has plagued htc desire , which is otherwise a great device . some things you can do : move applications to the sd card remove unneeded applications ( from your words , not quite possible ) clear up some messages , drafts , application caches , and in some cases application data downgrade some of the preinstalled applications that you do not use . see this question for more details
if you do not have a problem with voiding your warranty and getting your hands a little dirty , i can recommend the use of a custom rom with support for app2sd ( + ) , d2ext ( + ) or d2w . i am also a desire owner , so i really know what you are talking about , this has annoyed me for weeks , until i finally decided to see what all the fuzz with rooting and custom roms was about . so i rooted my desire and flashed this rom in the data2whatever-version ( d2w ) , which makes use of a partitioned sd card with an extra partition that , according to my understanding , works as an extension for the internal storage . so , after all of that , my internal storage capacity has increased to around 240mb instead of ~140mb ( yet the effect depends on the size of your sd card ( mine is 4gb ) and the size of the dedicated sd-ext-partition . ) it may seem tricky ( but it is not really ) , voids your warranty ( which you might need some time ) , and things like d2w over at xda-developers is , well , in development , so there might be the occasional bug , but it is been working fine for me for a few weeks now , and as i said , it is really paying off . so… if you want to read and test and learn a little , then xda-developers your way to go .
there is no way to do that with default android and you will need to find applications in order to do that . for example in regards to text messages you can use an application such as go sms which has the option to set up a reminder that will set off a different ringtone/alert until you acknowledge the message . i am sure there are different apps out there that will do this for other notifications such as email if you need it but it might take some work to find the apps you need .
try a different usb cable . or try plugging it into a computer to check if it is the cable .
ok . i found a even more strange thing . the differences are due to the language . if i set my browser language to portuguese suddently i see all the comments that i saw on the other account ( that i was seeing on an android device set to portuguese ) . this is very strange as all comments are written in portuguese . i have not discovered yet how they associate the language to the comment . . . my guess : comments are only visible on the language that they are added . for example : ( this is a guess ) if i add a comment with my browser in portuguese , only people with browsers/devices in portuguese will see it should not the market show all anyway , with somekind of language filter ( our language vs all ) or use google translate to translate all from the start ? does anyone else has a clue about this ? !
i ended up doing a factory reset on my tablet ( after doing a backup of my data with " app backup" ) . as far as i know the downgrade would probably have worked , but i decided not to risk it .
if you paid for the pro version of titanium backup , you should have the option to store the backups to several online storage locations . google drive , dropbox , and box are built-in to titanium backup pro . all you need to do is add your account info , then tell your schedule to back up to those locations . this is how my phone is set up . if i lost my phone , i would be able to restore my app settings and call logs/text messages on a new phone through titanium backup . and since i tell google plus to automatically upload photos taken by my camera , i would have photos as well . everything else that matters is already synced with google .
your sd card contains pretty much all the data you need . in addition to app backup , you can also use sms backup+ to backup your texts to the sd card ( and then to the home server ) . titanium backup pro version has an option to backup files to your dropbox folder , so you can use that instead of rsync if you like . also , try to move as much data to the cloud as you can - including contacts , settings , photos etc - you get peace of mind knowing that most things are already backed up even if your phone gets damaged or stolen .
usb , mini-usb , and micro-usb cables are standardized , the voltage and amperage are the same across all standard compliant usb chargers . as long as the charger is a standard , generic micro-usb charger then it should be alright . that does not make it impossible for a manufacturer to create a non-standard plug that looks like a usb plug , but they are pretty much screwed up if they do so .
no it will not cause any damage . any generic charger will do . i use a generic car charger like that all the time .
an official usb cable on the connector there should be a usb " trident " logo on the top , as well look for shorter tx and rx pins on the middle row of four , the two outside pins are ground and power ( +5volts ) . if not i would suspect it was not really an official usb device . not a fool-proof method but a good quick way to check with your own eyes .
whilst it will not cause an issue , i have noticed with my htc desire that non-official chargers are seen as " usb " chargers by my phone whereas the official chargers are seen to be " ac " types . this is significant because my phone will only draw 500ma in usb charger mode , but will happily pull 1a+ in ac mode . it is all down to the usb battery charging specification , which specifies that if the d+ and d- pins are shorted with a resistance of at most 200 ω , additional current can be delivered . the short disables data transfer , but allows devices to detect the dedicated charging port and allows very simple , high current chargers to be manufactured . the increased current ( faster , 9 w charging ) happens if both the host/hub and devices implement the new charging specification .
micro-usb is standard size and pinout , so it will provide the power on the right pins no matter what charger that you plug into the device . usually any charger that has the micro-usb plug will work . additionally , in most modern batteries , there are a lot of charging safeties inside the device itself , including overvolting , undervolting , charging too quickly , charging when the battery is too hot or too cold , and reverse polarity . i would be surprised if it would be possible to buy a charger on the market today which would ruin a phone .
if you are still paired to that media center , then unpair it and turn off you bluetooth visibility , this way media center will not be able to detect your bluetooth , but you will still be able to connect to other devices .
to delete a notebook , you will need to log in to the webapp . your notebooks will appear on the left side of the screen . moving your cursor over ( or tapping , on your device ) the notebook you wish to delete will show a triangle to click for a drop-list from which you can delete the notebook . edit : according to this link , you can not do it from the android app yet . http://discussion.evernote.com/topic/29175-helpdelete-notebook-on-android/
check android version . you are already at android 4.2 . resetting to factory setting will not reset it to earlier android version .
more of a status update than an answer : jelly bean 4.1.2 allows a landscape rotation on small screens . i previously had the same experience ( accidentally changed the rotation but could not reproduce it ) -- i received the system update yesterday and was pleasantly surprised after the reboot :- )
i was going to post a complete answer , but this xda thread has everything i was going to say and it would take me too long to reproduce it :p . this post is basically a shortened version of the other , if you prefer that , but it seems you had prefer more detail .
i am not sure if it is part of a truly vanilla ics build ( though i think it may be ) , but the early cm9 and vanilla ics builds i have played with all have a " developer options " entry in the main system settings . this contains several options which relate to overall graphics effects such as : window animation scale : can be set to " off " to disable window animations transition animation scale : can also be set to " off " force gpu rendering : apparently tries to force gpu rendering of 2d textures/effects . may improve performance according to some ( this generally caused my evo to overheat , though ) it also has an option named " background process limit " . setting a lower number should help improve performance overall , in theory .
it looks like all of the default ringtones and notification sound files are in /system/media/audio . if you can not get to them when mounting via usb , you should be able to use something like astro file manager to copy the files to your sd card and then get them that way . they just appear to be ogg files .
according to this forum post , the sd card is not fully encrypted . rather , after you enable encryption any new data is encrypted . so for example , if you take a picture , then enable encryption , then take another picture , the first picture will be unencrypted but the second will be encrypted ( assuming your pictures are saved to the sd card ) . if you pull out your sd card and try to look at the pictures elsewhere you will only be able to view picture #1 . however , putting your phone into pc mode and connecting it to a pc will allow you to view and copy both the encrypted and unecrypted files . at least according to that post . so to answer your question : no , you will not lose the ability to plug in your phone to your laptop and edit or view data on the sd card .
i think so . i have files that i used to copy from my sd card to my pc using the usb mass storage option under the " usb connection " pop-up that i could use -- no problem . i checked the flag under settings-> location and security-> data encryption-> storage encryption and now i can not read them . i tried unchecking the box , it says that future files will be decrypted , but existing files will remain encrypted .
try going onto your wifi settings page . when your on the list of available connections there may be a button at the bottom of the screen titled " wifi direct " . . . that is how it is on my s3 anyway
actually there is not any option like that . its missing . there were lots of complaints about 4.0.4 update for live with walkman that Wifi Direct is missing . look at here . also look at this review of update . . : may be sony will fix it in next update .
usually this is related to weather apps that refresh and update location when the screen is turned on . it could be any number of other apps , but most commonly it is weather apps trying to locate you to give you an accurate update for where you are at . check any weather apps to see if any are set to use your location .
what is running ? on today 's android phones , google play services samples and records your location occasionally , even if you have " location sharing " ( what used to be called latitude ) turned off , in order to support a number of use cases:- it allows apps on the device to define regions in space , and notifies an app if you go into ( or out of ) a particular region . this way , only google play services needs to be running and checking location , rather than every location-based app on the phone keeping track of your location separately and using power unnecessarily . it looks at which wi-fi hotspots are visible , and sends them periodically to google , to support the feature of finding " coarse " ( less accurate ) location without turning on gps . it looks at your speed to determine whether you are stationary , walking running , cycling , or driving . google now uses this information to show you a " you have walked five miles this week " card , if you turn that on , and the statistics are also made available to other apps , again so that they do not all have to burn battery by tracking location individually . it samples where you spend time in office hours and the evening so that google now can work out where your home and work are , and when you commute . this lets it offer you relevant traffic and weather information , and it tells it when you are travelling away from home to suggest places to visit and c . why only when the screen comes on ? this is to do with the way android power management works . usually , when the screen is off , your phone is asleep . apps can not run in this mode : it only does the minimum necessary to keep the device connected to the phone network . some devices can save power by even turning off the main cpu of the phone , switching to a smaller , more efficient ( but slower ) cpu while they are asleep . in this mode , android tries quite hard to avoid waking up , because each wake-up costs a lot of power . most apps that run periodically have their run delayed , and all run at once , so as to wake up only once instead of many times . this includes the location sampling discussed above . when you turn your screen on , the phone has to wake up , so at that point any periodic background tasks that were held back will run straight away . google play services is not trying to use the gps only when the phone is idle : it just runs for that split second when the phone wakes up .
you could start by not overclocking the device . that is a common cause of system instability even in roms that are usually stable . if it is still unstable because of that , it could just be instability caused by ( bugs in ) the rom you are using . try flashing back to the the stock htc rom . if it is still unstable after flashing back to the stock rom , it could be that your overclocking of the device has caused internal components to overheat , permanently damaging them . one of the functions of the cpu power governor is to slow things down when the device is overheating . overclocking the device , or using a custom rom where the governor is replaced by a less cautious or buggy one , defeats that protection , risking that kind of damage . if that is happened , you probably need to replace your phone and be more careful next time .
a similar question on stack overflow says you can find this info through the api - android.net.TrafficStats , or /sys/class/net/statistics on pre-2.2 systems . this might help you , i hope . i wonder what happened to the widget that question 's poster was writing . . .
your carrier would keep track of how much you have downloaded over 3g . i highly , highly doubt they do enough logging to tell you where all of it came from though ( and if they did , they had probably make you pay to access the logs if they let you at all ) . there is no way to tell exactly what you have downloaded over wifi , apart from browser history for file downloads if you have never cleared the list . presumably you could modify android to log everything , but as far as i know it has not been done up till now .
if your goal is solely to transfer your email , your best bet would be to create a dummy gmail account with imap and add it to tbird as a separate account ( so that it does not go to the general inbox ) . once you had that done , in tbird copy all the folders you want transferred to the dummy account and wait for it to sync with gmail 's imap server . finally , add the dummy gmail account to your choice of email client on your phone and wait for the imap sync to complete . if you want to continue to receive email on your phone from all these accounts , you can add them in as you like to the email client of your choice . personally i would recommend k9 for multiple email account management myself ; it has an unified inbox similar to tbird 's general inbox and is all around mucho handy .
try adb shell ls -l /sys and check the output . most likely , access to the /sys/module directory has limited access . it does not matter that your device is rooted , when you are not using your root powers . to view the contents of " restircted directories": # open a shell adb shell # obtain root permission su - # now access your target ls -l /sys/module  when issuing the su - , you will have to approve a popup to confirm superuser access − at least on the first try . you then can tell your superuser/supersu app to remember your choice .
fortunately there is no region-locking for phones , just carrier locking . if your phone came with european firmware then you should probably stick with european firmware . ideally you had be able to find something from your carrier even if it was re-packaged by someone for odin . as for your network settings , there are a couple possibilities . you may need to supply the apn information , which you can usually find by doing a web search for "&lt ; carrier&gt ; apn " or similar . you might also need to flash a different modem if the one you have is buggy or otherwise incompatible with your device/carrier .
first , see my relevant answer over here in regards to " killing tasks " , especially the use of task killers . the only way to stop these background tasks is to either : turn off any sort of background notifications the app does ( check the settings for each app ) uninstall the app or if you are rooted , you could " freeze " it with titanium backup . beyond that , you are not going to be able to do much more . it is up to the programmer to decide when he needs to have a background task run , and a good programmer will let you have to turn these background tasks off ( usually it is caused by polling for notifications ) .
use advanced task killer ! awesome app .
there are 3 potential work arounds to try first : 1 ) ensure screen rotate is turned on in the quick settings . number 4 on pic below . 2 ) reset your camera . a) Open Camera b) Click the Menu botton on the device c) Click the third tab (with the cog on it) d) Click 'Reset'  it is the third tab above . click this guy : 3 ) download a third party camera .
do you have an app called gallery ? i have it in my list . i would say just drag that on your homescreen and you should be good to go .
you do not mention which android phone you have got , depending on which phone ( and how much your manufacturer 's customised ) you have got , it may be slightly different from othermichael 's instructions . with stock android ( as on the nexus one , htc magic , g1 , etc ) , when you plug your phone into the pc 's usb you should see a usb icon appear in the notification area . pull the notification area down and you should see " USB connected: Select to copy files to/from your computer . " press this and you get the option to " Mount" . pressing this connects your phone 's sd to the pc . other manufacturers customize things slightly with their custom uis , for instance if you have a phone with samsung 's touchwiz ui on it , you get a menu up as soon as you plug into usb , with options to select usb mode , on the you had pick mass storage , and then do as above . i think htc 's sense ui also customizes things slightly , but i can not remember exactly how that works .
Settings &gt;&gt; Connect to PC &gt;&gt; USB Connection Type  should be set to " disk drive " ( you can set this as a default connection type , but i prefer to do it manually when i need it ) . also , you can set it via the notifcations bar by clicking on the usb connection type as it appears ; a selection box of the various options should appear . once mounted , you can open on your pc , and drag-n-drop , or what-have-you . note ( from the incredible manual , p29 ) : disk drive this mode is available only when you have installed a microsd card on your phone . select this mode when you want to use your storage card as a usb thumb drive , and copy files between your phone’s storage card and your computer . when disk drive mode is enabled while your phone is connected to the computer , you will not be able to run applications that use the storage card , such as music or photos . for more information , see “copying files to and from the storage card” in this chapter .
usually this should be an easy task – provided you have got a custom recovery on your device . turned out , it was not as easy in this special case , so i will list multiple options here . in combination , they finally lead to success – as one can see in the comments on the question itself . variant 1: custom recovery that is a one-liner : put the gapps archive on your sdcard , boot into recovery , chose " install update . zip from sdcard " , and select the gapps archive . done . after the next boot , google apps should be there . trouble in this case : no custom recovery . ok , next one . variant 2: use adb to side-load it this variant was even figured by the op himself . requires adb to be installed on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , and your device setup ( device drivers etc . ) as well as connected via usb . for a detailed how-to , please see how to : use " adb sideload " on your android device . here , in short : place the gapps zip file in the directory where your adb executable is make sure you have usb debugging enabled in settings → development on your device boot your device in recovery mode , and connect it to your pc on your device , use the volume up / down keys to select " apply update from adb , " then press power to select it on your computer , open a command prompt window and navigate to the directory from 1 . , then execute adb sideload &lt;zipfile&gt; ( replacing &lt;zipfile&gt; with the name of your gapps file ) when the installation is finished , select to " reboot " the device . done . once the device finished booting , your google apps should be there . or not , as in our case . services got installed , apps were missing . ok , let 's trick the remains . variant #3: doint it manually preparation install es file explorer on your device . this will help us a lot . unpack the gapps archive into an empty directory on your sdcard . might be an optional step , as es file explorer can deal with zips directly , but might make things easier do it launch es file explorer on your device . tap the menu button , tap " root-explorer " ( the text , not the switch next to it – though you must make sure that is switched to " on " as well ) . a popup should open , where you should find a " r/w " icon ( second to last entry ) . tap that . this should remount your /system partition , so you can write to it . now use es file explorer to navigate to your ( unpacked ) gapps archive . copy the .apk files from system/apps/ to /system/apps/ on your device . similarly , files from data/apps/ should be copied to /data/apps/ . now back to the menu , and re-mount your /system partition read-only . reboot . now , the google apps should be there . still not ? bang . variant 4: get another device . . . or at least another rom . . .
at this time there is not a way to attach a contact . you would have to copy and paste the details or use a different messaging app . hangouts is still lacking in many essential features , unfortunately .
each " hangout " you create is a seperate entity . if i open a chat with you only , then that is a hangout , and nobody can be added to it . if i open a chat with you and abqnm for example , that is a new hangout . and so on . so if you are talking to me and we decide to bring abqnm into the hangout , you need to click the + symbol for a new hangout , and me and then add abqnm into it . it is a whole new entity . if we then want a third person it . . . you guessed it another new hanout needs to be created .
you could make use of e.g. tasker -- an automation tool which can react on different situations and handle a lot of things ( basically , sometimes i think 80% of questions like " how can i . . . with android ? " could be answered by " use tasker ! " . though it does not come " cheap " , on the developers website you can get a 7-day trial to check first . it is worth every cent of its 5 bucks ! ) . so with tasker , you do simple math : condition + task = profile  for your case , it is probably something like . . . profile " docked-in-car " conditions : ( they are always connected by and with tasker ) " headphones plugged " " docked " tasks : " audio -> mic mute " optionally : " keyguard off " optionally : " display timeout 0" ( as it is connected to a power source , so you can continually see what is displayed ) most likely : " start app -> [ music-app ] " . save and go . now , when you dock your sgs2 and plug in the 3.5mm cord , mic should be muted -- and additionally some other nice actions executed .
i wrote an app named soundabout . you could change the media audio setting to " wired headset ( with mic ) " . if your headphones have a mic , it will use it . if your headphones do not have a mic , then there will be no microphone used at all .
yes they are the same . the one x and x+ use identical display and digitizer . buy the assembly the digitizer is adhered tightly to the lcd .
on my android 4.0.4 if i click on the picture of the contact , i get option to save it .
i suggest using lookout ad network detector . it is specifically designed to recognize ad-providers , and helpfully categorizes the ad-providers based on annoyances and/or best practices . it will then show you which app is using what ad-provider .
try using an ad-block app like adaway or adblock plus . most of these apps will show which ads were blocked and from where they originated . you can also check this link to know in detail about how to block ads in android
if these popups are appearing in front of other apps , look through your installed apps to find any with the " draw over other apps " permission . most apps do not have that permission , so this should help to narrow down which one might be the culprit .
download a terminal application for android and run the following command : ps the " ps " command will list all the running processes / apps . inside there you can see and analyze if a " weird " app is running behind and shows those ads .
nothing you can do . your phone is gone , and without a backup , you have unfortunately lost all your data .
the first and foremost thing of a backup is that it is just a copy of your data which is stored separately away from your device on some storage ( pen drive , laptop , pc etc . ) in case you loose the phone , update your software , format the data by mistake or wanted ( for updating etc . ) then you connect the device to a system , laptop and re-store the data back which you had stored earlier . depending on the device manufacturer you have various backup options available free of cost . in this case yours is samsung so you will be having samsung kies that helps you in doing the above tasks with ease and with . there is a very bleak chance of you getting back the valuable pictures that you have lost ( 1 out of 100 ) . what i can suggest you is to get in contact with vault support team ( email the support team given in the bottom of the app ) and explain your situation to them if they possibly have a copy then they might give you . in the future never forget to take backup and keep updating it ( the old backup may not have much data compared to the present day backup ) . most of us ignore it despite the fact that software/hardware is prone to glitches and the backup comes free of cost ( in case you have huge data you backup like in 15 gb and above you may be charged for the storage in case of drive , whereas samsung kies depends only on your system limits )
it depends on what application you record your voice with . but maybe it save the voices in a folder which is hidden . ( the folders which have dots at the first of their names . )
that looks like a job for tasker : profile camerarotate : condition : app → camera task : notify sound ( text : " rotate me , please ! " , sound : [ select file ] ) this way , whenever the camera app becomes the active ( foreground ) app , a notification will appear with the text specified . you can also include a sound ( maybe something annoying or shocking , to make the " user in question " really aware ) . also , instead of the notification you could chose " play sound " , and have a pre-recorded mp3 played saying/shooting something like " hey , do not forget to rotate the device ! "
i have looked a number of products and i have got to say touchdown by nitrodesk always comes out on top . i have just returned to android after a short spell with wp7 and fogot how much i relied on touchdown . my favourite is the fact it will read out emails , which is useful !
since i have currently the same problem , i found out that it is related to the import of a pst file . the error occurs if a pst file is exported from an ms exchange 2003 server and afterwards imported on an exchange 2010 server . ( e . g . in order to migrate from one version to another ) everything works fine when using owa or outlook to access the data . the error you described shows up only on mobile devices so far . ( in my case it is a symbian phone with dataviz roadsync on it ) except editing all items , which makes them available again , i found no other solution so far . but i am curious to know if there is anything else .
wait till till go to the verizon store . they can set up your number on your new phone while they desk with your phone transfer .
i once tried to format my microsd card in my razr with a safestrapped rom . my phone rebooted and i ended up having to reinstall my rom . buy a microsd card reader and format with your pc . if you have a friend that has a digital camera , you could ask them to format it for you . you would need a microsd to sdcard converter tho .
this part of your screenshot you can find explained ( partly ) in my answer to cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? . but more specifically to your question , here 's what it is about : network signal : quality of the signal ( colors are explained in this answer ) gps on : whether gps was actively used awake : some app requested a wakelock ( see : how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? ) . at least that is the best logical explanation to your question , though i cannot name a reference for that . screen on : the screen was turned on ( either manually by the user , or automatically by an app ) . if the user turns the screen on , that does not necessarily mean a wake lock being aquired . charging : a charger was connected and supplied the device with energy
well , annoyingly i could not figure out how to fix it . a factory reset did the trick . thanks dan hulme
i am surprised by what you are saying , so let me recap . yes , most networks send out their ssid ( it is called a beacon ) . if your wifi is enabled and you have not disabled scanning then your phone will listen for those beacons and try to match the ssid in the beacon against your phone 's list of ssid 's . depending on your settings it will also use the beacon to determine your current location and possibly even send the beacon 's mac address to google so google can keep its wifi location database up-to-date . so far this is all passive - it is just listening for beacons . the phone does not need to actively try to connect to networks unless some of the networks do not send out beacons ( hidden networks , as mentioned by @chahk ) . but even if you have some hidden networks in your list , i thought that android did not actively try to scan for those networks ( send out probe requests ) . actually , i remember people complaining about this , and 3rd party apps being written to address it , e.g. see " hiddenssid enabler " in the play store . has this changed ? can you tell me where you read about this ? if so , the only solution i can think of is to purge hidden networks from your list of known networks .
i am getting a similar problem here on an sgs with 2.3.3 the problem is that html emails are rendered as text ( hence showing the html source ) rather than rendered as html as the email is intended . i have tried this with email ( the default app ) , and also tried touchdown and k9 mail . in my case , neither email nor touchdown rendered them properly , but k9 mail did . this is a shame for me as email has a nice logo adjustment to show new mail , and integrates a little better into things like the social hub . i suspect that the problem is related to what is produced by my exchange type server , which is actually zimbra . i am sure your mileage would vary depending on your exchange version etc .
the native exchange client can not display html email if you use exchange server 2003 . the client " touchdown " ( from the market ) can . this is a known bug .
someone seems to have hacked samsung apk to make it compatible with all phones . it has full html with in-line replies , forwards
answer : menu/more/settings/send and receive and set mail size limit to no limit . enabling no limit will allow the inbuilt email app to render the html in emails . this does not work for exchange account however , but it does fix the text issue on all pop and imap email accounts .
mail app that comes on all android phones can accept html emails , i just tested it . go to settings > accounts and sync > add account and then add your other email accounts . once added and sync'd you should be able to view them by going to your apps screen and scrolling to mail .
turned out to be a hardware fault in this particular circumstance a faulty connection between the flex cable that connects the volume buttons and the motherboard . . . reseated the connector and ' safe mode ' was gone next time i restarted . found this by trial and error - do not know of any way to narrow down the cause with the help of software . so wish i had checked that connector before i went and wiped everything . . . doh !
i had the same problem . spent a night to fix it . first i thought it to be a software issue . . browsed and tried infinite fixes . i tried re seating flex cable that connects the volume buttons and the motherboard . i tries to factory reset through boot loader . thought of flashing a different rom . dint work out for me . here is what worked for me . open the back panel of the tablet . https://www.ifixit.com/guide/nexus+7+power+%26+volume+button+cable+replacement/9926 flip up the retaining flap on the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' connecting to the mother board . do not pull out the cable now . be ready to pull out the cable . 3 . press the power button to switch on your tablet . 4 . the moment you see google logo , pull out ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . this will disconnect volume down key , which forces the tablet into bootloader . 5 . now the tablet is on in normal mode . 6 . plug the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' into its mother board socket . 7 . close the panel and enjoy using your tablet . be very careful with ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . a slight twist or bend will short the connections inside the cable . p . s : after powering on , try not to switch off the tablet . the volume down key might malfunction again and your tablet might go back to boot loader . charge it before the battery dies out . in worst case , you will have to repeat the above steps again . messing with the power keys cable is not always a good idea :d the volume down key and power key combination lets you to go into boot loader . so when volume down key is malfunctioning , your tablet might go for a toss . this could be for various reasons , a . volume key is abused b . volume key cable is damaged c . mother board is unable to supply enough power to volume keys . d . volume keys socket in the mother board is damaged .
the only way to decrypt your phone is by doing a factory reset
without the encryption key , you will not be able to decrypt the files on the sd card . your only option , in this case , is to format the sd card and start over . the idea of encryption is that nobody can access your files without the encryption key . in the case of android , your encryption key is not the password you use to unlock the device . that password is just a password of a password .
press the power button for 10 seconds and its going to reboot itself if you have not corrupted any system partitions . or try adb reboot bootloader and from there select the start button and press it with the power key .
this is a software issue and it is fixed in a more recent firmware version that can be downloaded from http://www.pantel.in/driverdownloads ( look for the is709c firmware download ) .
is the usb icon on the virtualbox enabled on the guest os . if that is disabled , the usb on the host side will not pass it through the guest , this requires the handset plugged in host side . it is a small icon on the bottom of the vm window , near the hard disk where it shows blinking activity ? click on that , to enable usb pass-through . are you intending to flash the device from within a vm ?
backup your data and perform a factory reset ( settings> privacy> factory data reset ) . then restore the data
it seems that moboot in touchpad is corresponding to the bootloader in android native device , so i think it may be impossible to enter such a ' bootloader ' in hp touchpad .
on samsung galaxy s ii ( and possibly other similar phones ) the stock music player app can do this . just open the mp3 in any file manager , choose to play it with the stock music player , hit menu and select Use as... and Ringtone . another option is to use doubletwist player to show the music by artist/album and long-press the song you want , then select Use as ringtone . this way you do not have to select from one long list , but the downside is you can not use your file manager to browse , you are stuck with artist/album grouping . also , you could check out ringtone maker , you can browse files in menu -> browse . . . . this also has the ability to play , chop and edit volume/fade .
for the first part- samsung has notes on the system updates on their site . i am not sure what provider you are using , but you should be able to get to what you are looking for if you start at : http://www.samsung.com/us/support/ use the " start by entering . . . " search bar in the middle of the screen to pull up your specific note ii phone and scroll down to the " support overview " section . for the model i looked up , the " which version of the android™ platform does my samsung note ii use ? " question is already in the frequently asked questions list , but if not , use the search bar just about that . i did not check every device , but it certainly looks like it is the kit kat update that is been downloaded . for the second part- i am working off the assumption that your note is not rooted . upfront note ( haha ) : i do not have a note ii here with me , so i am going off reference materials and memory on the exact option names in the menus . these steps should let you disable the notification until you re-enable automatic updates . go to ' settings ' click ' more ' click ' about device ' click ' software update ' uncheck the ' auto update – check for updates automatically ' option when the update prompt is in your notifications , pull down the notification list and do the following : press and hold down on the update until you get a ' app info ' option click ' app info ' click ' clear cache ' click ' clear data '
you need to install the correct drivers for the device . i am not familiar with the device in question , but it seems that there are two drivers available on the gionee mobile india site . try installing one of the drivers there and then connect your device again .
check you ' contacts ' setting : open you ' contact ' -> go to options -> ' contact to display ' . see what is checked , setting it to ' phone ' should bring you phone contacts .
i had the same issue and i solved it by updating to the latest sdk tools using android sdk manager . the problem is actually on your adb not on your phone .
try to switch the device into ptp mode ( under settings -> storage -> usb computer connection and manually select the connection mode . . . ) and connect to computer . let it install , switch back to usb mode and plug in again . update : xda tread
windows 7 to install the android usb driver on windows 7 for the first time : connect your android-powered device to your computer 's usb port . right-click on computer from your desktop or windows explorer , and select manage . select devices in the left pane . locate and expand other device in the right pane . right-click the device name ( such as nexus s ) and select update driver software . this will launch the hardware update wizard . select browse my computer for driver software and click next . click browse and locate the usb driver folder . ( the google usb driver is located in \extras\google\usb_driver . ) click next to install the driver .
the issue with most class10 sdcards for most devices is it is higher clock speed a normal microsd ( class6-below ) operates only @ 0-25mhz compared to a class10 microsd ( uhs-i-uhs-ii ) operates @ 0-100mhz ( up to 208mhz for uhs104 ) this messes up with the controller on the card reader of your nook and mistimes the writing and reading on the card making its performance appear worse . some class10 sdcards adapt to slow controllers but i think most class10 's are design for the newer . i still have my xperia play and i use sandisk 's 32gb uhs-i class10 card . the card 's performance was terrible until i got across a hack to the ti card reader controller i found on xda forums . i flashed the custom driver which fixes the timing issue on newer card and now i can get up to 12mb write/ 25mb read , no write drops , and makes a it a great swap partition . try to find a custom driver hack for your nook , but you will be taking big risks because you will be modifying a very low-level part of your device .
i have noticed that it only worked when i have english us selected in the ( choose input method ) , all others did not work for me , i live in canada . english in canada did not work also having it set on automatic did not work either . thanks
have you downloaded the files for you language , that supports offline voice recognition ? under google now , hit the menu button at the bottom , select settings , select voice , then the option to download offline speech recognition . also , it could depend on what rom of jellybean you are running . some things work better than others in certain roms . . .
the people application itself is an htc exclusive , but merged contacts from multiple sources ( gmail , exchange , twitter , facebook , sim , carrier phonebook , etc ) is a standard android feature for 2 . x ( maybe earlier ) . by default the system tries to intelligently merge identically named contacts , but you can manually add/remove contacts from the merged identities .
i am using dice player to play dual audio movies on my sony xperia neo v mobile . i think you should try dice player . when you are going to play dual audio movies on your device , you will see an option at the top right side bar resembles music icon . you will need to click on that icon and you will see the movies dubbed in different language . choose your preferable language and you have done ! ! resource : http://www.ehowportal.com/play-dual-audio-movies-android-device/
that appears to be your carrier 's delivery report code . many ( but not necessarily all ) carriers implement it in some form or another , but the exact method can vary pretty widely . it is briefly mentioned on the sms wikipedia article . i do not recall exactly when the network sends the delivery report , but i am fairly positive that it would not be originating from the phone , and therefore would not count against any sms limit it may have . the device may respond to the provider when it receives the message ( though it may not since the carrier may send the report at some other point in the process ) , but the actual sms you get back should be originating from the network 's sms gateway , i believe . the phone 's os ( or sim ) may have some bearing on whether or not it " honors " the request , but i am not sure . i found a ( probably incomplete ) list of some of the various carrier codes here :
yes , you need a specific otg cable , or you need to modify your cable . an otg cable has pins 4 and 5 shorted , which is how android knows it needs to switch over to host mode . you can manually short ( cross ) the wires on a standard cable , then use a f-f adapter . for my nook simple touch , a kernel patch is needed to be able to use otg . i also need to manually activate host mode while using a otg cable , so i know the grounding of pins 4 and 5 do more than simply tell android to go into host mode .
when chaging android major versions , gb to ics or ics to jb or even gb to jb , its advised to do a full wipe , since many old files from the previous version might collide with the new android version . since you have not done it , i suggest you do the following : backup all your phone 's data with either titanium backup or a nandroid backup if you have a custom recovery installed . get your phone to recovery mode and wipe all data ( factory reset ) . if you have a custom recovery you can wipe /system , /data and /cache . once clean , reboot in download mode and use odin to update to 4.0.4 ( or 4.1.2 if you have the international version gt-i9100 ) reboot and enjoy a clean installation of ics/jb .
there is currently no way to limit the maximum volume . this has been asked on xda developers and there was only the one response since the beginning of august .
the tasker app will let you do this ( and much much more ) once installed , add a " task " widget to your homescreen , and have it run a " send sms " action . this lets you specify the target of the sms , as well as the full body of the message .
simple answer you can do this with media monkey remote app
after i posted this question , i found out that ' playerpro ' music player allows you to choose the type of ratings it saves to . mediamonkey is one of them , so this basically is what i needed . unfortunately , it is not a free app , but for me although this is a tiny feature , this is something i am willing to pay for .
go launcher , launch the drawer , click application settings , click app drawer scrolling orientation , set vertical continuous or vertical loop and then vertical waterfall . win .
the drawer and its animation effects are part of the launcher ( a . k.a. home ) app . stock launcher in aosp ( android open source project ) , which cm and many other custom roms are based on , has not included this particular effect since honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) . you can most probably find the app drawer 's " cube " scrolling effect in 3rd-party launcher replacement apps . i would start looking at google play store for various launcher apps ( e . g . apex launcher , awd . launcher , etc . )
i was having the same problem , but i can connect easily at home ( automatic ) but my problem was at work . i just changed some of the settings . turned connections optimizer ( yesterday in order to connect i had to turn it off ) and reset wi-fi timer for 7a-5p . we will see how that works once i get home . the settings have been on set for approx . 10 min and i have not lost the signal . decreased but not lost .
the solution turns out very trivial and surprising . it shows and proves practically that the behavior of complex software systems is unpredictable . the solution : go to mobile network settings and disable use packet data . next , enable wifi and then go back and enable use packet data . magically , all my problems disappeared after i applied described steps .
depending on your phone there could an option for a " hard " factory reset . this is usually done through a combination of key press just after turning the device on so it does not require the os to start . i would suggest you to google " hard factory reset " with the name of your device to find more information .
i9300 is international model of samsung galaxy s3 . so it will not come up with any specific carrier . you can also use i9300 with any carrier as you like . but there are some other models with specific carriers . if you want use them , you need to unlock it . like : 1747- at and t us . . . . you can check carriers and s3 model names here
note : this is based on samsung galaxy s4 ( android 4.2.2 ) in gallery , click all beside the gallery ( flower ) icon . then , press left menu button , and select Sort by latest ( if you see Sort by oldest , then your pictures are already sorted by latest .
i just called verizon customer care . they had me dial *900 and that fixed the issue . this cancels any possible call forwarding . works like a champ now .
you almost certainly have a rogue app , which a reboot usually fixes . however , in the long run it would be best to discover the app ( s ) that cause your battery issues so it does not catch you off guard when you really need you device to retain it is charge . first , you will need some idea of how apps use the battery . all apps use the battery ( to varying degrees ) while they are active ( i.e. . when you are actively using them ) , but some apps also consume your battery even when they are not active . there are many reasons for this , but the most common is that they need to perform some action , such are checking for new email . these tasks are performed by services ( belonging to the app ) , which run in the background . in order to be able to do their tasks when the device is sleeping ( i.e. . when the screen is turned off ) , these services use " wakelocks " . for background tasks , apps use " partial wakelocks" ; which basically means the processor wakes up , but the screen remains off . in a perfect world , an app would request a wakelock , perform it is task , and then release the wakelock ; this happens quite frequently and only lasts for a very short period of time ( milliseconds to seconds ) . the battery cost of these operations are generally quite low , and their benefits far outweigh this cost . as for discovering your rogue app , the standard battery status provides a good starting point , but you will need to use a 3rd party app that can show you the wakelocks used by each app . in particular i find wake lock detector very useful . it is free and can display both full and partial wakelocks . the app will basically show you the amount of time for which wakelocks have been active per application ( or service ) . when you have a rogue app , it is usually very easy to spot as it will have unusually high usage compared to the others . you mention that maps shows up in your battery usage ; this happens because many applications that request your current location pass this request on to the maps app ( it is location service ) , which performs the action and provides your location to the app requesting it . this is very normal , and usually nothing to be concerned with . some apps can however issue the location request too frequently - which would have an adverse affect on your battery . most decent apps provide a setting for the frequency they perform these update requests .
as far as i know , the official youtube app will not play 1080p videos yet . standard lq ( hq not enabled ) = 360p hq = 480p hd = 720p
just an addition . " mv " does not work on android because the internal memory and sdcard have different file systems . you have to copy the files and then delete the old ones . ( oniks answer is still the best . this information is just for those who ended here using google )
if you use mv on a directory containing files and subdirectories , it will move all of them . but in this case you may not want to move the amazonmp3 directory itself , so the command would be mv internalmemory/amazonmp3/* /sdcard/music/ , assuming the internalmemory directory is correct . the actual names for the internal memory and sd-card depend on the device , for example on my old galaxy s they were /sdcard and /sdcard/external_sd/ .
you can download android sdk for free from android developers website . the sdk includes an emulator or all major versions that have been released . the emulator can run any android applications that does not require specific hardware ( e . g . gps , accelerometers ) . graphic intensive applications ( e . g . games ) could be slow though , unless you have a very , very powerful pc .
you can try liveandroid . it is around 180mb and comes as an iso file . create a virtual machine in your windows machine and load the iso to boot the vm into android .
i have this issue too on an archos arnova 10cg3 tablet . it looks like the system is reading/writing to the nand flash ( your internal storage on which the system + the apps are stored ) and that fails for some reason . try to do a factory reset and if that does not fix the problem , send the tablet back for rma . the nand chip could have failed or the system is not properly configured to read from it .
unfortunately , it is not possible . those apps rely on parts of the touchwiz framework to operate . no touchwiz , no apps . the only way would be to install a custom touchwiz based rom . it would give you some of the performance improvements of cyanogenmod but with access to the samsung apps .
the best thing to do is to make a backup , and do a factory reset .
for common system apps like the ones you have mentioned , there is no way to uninstall or reinstall them : without root , it at all you can disable them ( not all of them even ) . but they are usually not held in the playstore for re-installation . even if they receive updates via the playstore ( like gmail , maps , and the playstore app itself ) , some of them must reside on the /system partition in order to function correctly ( the google play app is one example for that ) . but as the same situation could also apply to " normal apps " , let 's take a closer look : user apps though they are usually coming via google play , it might well happen they get removed there one day ( recent examples are the ad-blockers which got banned ) . for this , tools like appmonster come in handy : they enable you to store a copy of the apps .apk file to your sdcard ( the pro version even can do so automatically whenever an app is installed/updated ) . so in case you have to remove an app for some reason , and want to re-install it later ( or even if you want to install the same app on a device without google account ) , you can do so by side-loading the .apk . uninstallation , of course , is easily done either via settings&rarr ; apps , or even via appmonster itself . system apps here it is a lot different . without root , you can at maximum disable an app ( settings&rarr ; apps , scroll to the app , open its details , press the disable button ) -- if your device is running android 4.0 or later , that is . with root , things become a little different : theoretically , you could uninstall everything . a practical issue might be you are rendering your device unusable , if you e.g. uninstall something basic to the system . also , removing their data might be an issue on re-install . so if you really have need for this , here 's my recommendation : get adb installed on your computer ( either via the full android sdk -- or using a minimal installation , see is there a minimal installation of adb ? make a backup of the app you are going to uninstall to be prepared in case something goes wrong . you can use adb backup for this , which backs up the app including its data . make a copy of the app 's .apk file for a re-install . you can use adb pull for this . the .apk is located in /system/app , so your command could look like adb pull /system/app/Browser.apk . to copy the browser 's .apk from the device to the current directory on your computer . now that you have two fall-backs , you can try to uninstall the app . again using adb , you first call adb shell , then you need to become root ( su ) , and now you can use the pm ( package manager ) tool to pm uninstall com.package.name . you can also remove the .apk from /system/app . to re-install the app , you simply copy the .apk back to /system/app . to restore the data , you can use adb restore . note that dealing with system apps always bears the risk to render your system unusable . so it is always recommended to make a complete backup ( best using nandroid backup from your custom recovery ) prior to such operations -- so in the worst case , you can go back to where you have started . dealing with the " the process x has stopped unexpectedly " error there are several ways to deal with this error . to my knowledge , none of them includes uninstalling a system app . if the app in question is a user app delete its cache . if that does not help : delete its data . if that still does not help : delete the app . if that cannot be done due to the app being in a " force-close-loop": boot into safe-mode , and delete the app from there . if the app in question is a system app : pray you have got a good backup : ) as with the user app : first try delete cache , then data . nothing goes ? then you have got to do a factory-reset
that is two different things , at least the first depending on a ) android version , b ) manufacturer , and c ) sometimes even the device in question : before android 4.0 , /sdcard usually was were the external sdcard was to be found starting with android 4.0 ( or even 3 . x ? ) , this changed for most devices , and usually became the place of the so-called internal sdcard where the external sdcard is found with the latter group , differs a lot . locations known to me include : /sdcard_ext /sdcard/external_sd what really resides where , you can check with commands like mount or df . while mount will list all mounted file systems ( including the " virtual " ones like e.g. /proc and /sys ) , together with details on where they were mounted from and what options have been used , this might be a bit confusing ( at least to beginners ) . so you might rather want to use df , which sticks to the " real file-systems": it does not show where they are mounted from , but instead shows their total/used/free space , which might be even more useful to figure out what matches best . as for /data: yes , this usually resides on internal storage -- but might also depend on implementation . with android 4 . x , " internal storage " and " internal sdcard " are often " unified " ( i.e. . the " internal sdcard " often is nothing but a directory on internal storage ) . this was done a.o. to get rid of the problem of a filled-up internal storage ( it can " expand " into the internal sd area now ) , or a full internal sdcard and plenty of space on internal storage ( can " expand " the other way around , too -- as it is all the same " drive" ) .
thanks for the suggestions ! after i posted this i started changing my search terms . macro brought up my salvation . using macrodroid i created one macro that hit the home button , another macro that killed the calendar app running in the background and another macro that started the calendar app . i set the calendar app to open to day view by default . without rooting the devices i could not just kill the application and restart it . turning off the display also did not do it . along with these 3 macros i added one to turn off the display m-f @ 7pm and one to turn it on m-f @ 6am . so for my needs the free macrodroid ( comes with 5 free macros ) worked perfectly !
i only have a couple of suggestions . purchase tasker to automate a task that resets your screen/sound on a schedule . disclaimer : i have never actually used that app , but i have heard good things about it . email the developer of that calendar and ask for that feature ( his email address is on google play ) . and also leave a review on google play asking for that feature . look for android calendar applications/widgets that are compatible with google tv . in other words , if you find an application that was explicitly tested to be compatible with google tv ( which is android-based also ) , then it is more likely the developer took the time took to test his application on a screen that never locks and that is always turned on from day to day .
triggering the volume is one way it updates you have observed . i am sure there are more . for example , turning the display off and on should also do . and while to my knowledge no app can ( physically ) trigger any button , there are some that can switch the display on and off . one of those is tasker , which is only available as paid app ( though a 7-day-trial can be downloaded at its homepage ) . as a long-time tasker user , i feel it is worth every cent as it is the most flexible automation app there is for android – but ymmv , so there are several other candidates you might wish to check . relevant for your issue are time-based apps , such as timeriffic or llama . now for the idea : schedule a task for midnight ( or shortly thereafter ) , have the app turn off the display , wait 1 . . 5 seconds , turn it on again . this should cause a " page refresh " – with the side-effect of your calendar display being updated . experiment a little with the start time ( set it e.g. to 0:05 to be sure it is the " next day " when it executes ) and the " wait time " ( e . g . start with 15s to see whether it works , and then reduce it slowly to figure how short you can keep it ) .
download wakelock detector from the google play store , if it happens again open wakelock detector and it will show you cpu and partial wakelocks ( will only show partial wakelocks if you enable advanced mode ) , if the largest cpu wakelcok is " powermanagerservicewakelock " this means the largest wakelock is the combination of all the items listed in partial wakelcocks . i would suggest ( if it happens again ) looking for anything over 7% and doing a web search for the wakelock name , and seeing what you can find . if it does not happen again , problem solved . i would also recommend you do not kill background processes , instead install greenify ( play store ) which blocks the processes you select from starting . other than this we can not tell you the reason due to androids default battery diagnostics not being very good . it is most probably the software , if you download nova battery tester and run it , it will tell you your battery capacity , and you can then compare this to what it should be to verify it is not a hardware fault .
you do need an internet connection to install apps . it does not matter if you install them from your phone or from a pc . in order to connect to the internet through a usb connected to your computer , you can use this app , but it requires you to have a rooted device .
the information below is from a developer website , it is the closest i could find to a definitive answer . from website : if you are using api level 7 or lower , use getexternalstoragedirectory ( ) to open a file that represents the root of the external storage , then save your shared files in one of the following directories :
there is a free ( as in freedom ) application send reduced , available at the f-droid repository of free software . install f-droid , install send reduced , select your photos , press share button , select send reduced and then select the sharing method . your photos will be sent reduced in resolution and file size .
there is no stock option to do this . here 's what i do , and it works pretty good , but is not perfect . download reduce photo size from the play store . when composing an email , click add attachment . a choice of locations will pop up . choose reduce photo size . then choose either select image or take a photo . if you click select image , then choose gallery . once you have selected the photo you want to send , click reduce . now a confusing window will pop up and this is where it gets a little tricky . you really have to know picture sizes as measured in pixels . click custom . the smallest photo size will be shown as a default ( 320x240 or something ) . i usually use 640x480 for a small 25kb pic , but you could resize up to anything you want . hit ok and then choose the three dots for the menu and choose done . that is it !
image shrink lite is just right for me ; there is a paid version with more options .
find similar post with a feasible solution . http://www.droidforums.net/forum/no-way-resize-photos-when-sending-email- image-processing
alternativley use google+ auto backup option , by default it resizes photos to 2048x2048px and reduces by size . you can then share this photo or just send it by link .
the free version pic resizer lite allows you to resize up to 5 photos . select images from stand-alone app or images viewer ( gallery ) . there is a paid version with more options .
you could try justresizeit ! it is optimized to send many pictures to many emails . you can send entire albums to all your friends . install the free version , create a widget with many email recipients . then open your gallery , choose as many pictures you want , tap on share and select justresizeit ! . wait the pictures to load , then just tap on the widget you predefined .
i do not see how the duration of the charge would relate to whether or not it is harmful to the smartphone . i have never seen any documentation that keeping a phone plugged in perpetually ( whether plugged into usb , ac or dc ) would cause any harm to the phone itself . an argument could be made that it is harmful to the battery . constant charging is not generally a problem for lithium ion polymer batteries ( which most new cell phone batteries are ) . it is in fact better to frequently charge them , and not let them fully discharge . one factor that does degrade the battery life of all lithium ion batteries is heat . the more heat it is exposed to the faster it will lose capacity , so i can see how keeping it plugged in may keep it warmer longer and theoretically degrade the battery life . here are a couple good resources discussing battery life : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries http://www.droidforums.net/forum/tech-issues-bug-reports-suggestions/1974-understanding-battery-life.html
this is more like a manual job , but can be done . with titanium backup pro/donate version , you have this feature ( compare versions here ) : backup/restore sms , mms , call log , bookmarks and wi-fi networks in the portable xml format ! you can combine both sms backups into a single xml file format and restore it to your phone all in one . afterwards , perform a backup like you usually do , to have it all together . ps : will probably require you to go back and forward , but here 's a guide : backup to xml the existent sms on your device ; restore the old sms to the device ; backup the old sms to xml ; edit both xml files to merge them ; restore all back to your device . you can refer to titanium backup website to collect more information or to request support from the developers .
i would assume this is due to the cell radio firmware , not android . but i am not sure . in many cases you can flash older modem firmware using odin or clockworkmod , so you could test and see if the froyo firmware affects this under gingerbread . there should be a thread in the galaxy s forum on xda with the modems , i will update this if i remember to look for it later .
yes , your gingerbread phone does this , and no , it is not a feature of gingerbread . this is not an android-specific behaviour at all : it is part of the gsm protocol itself , so all phones do it . when the cell tower transmits , it says the transmit strength in the signal . the phone then works out how much attentuation there is ( i.e. . how much weaker the received signal is ) . the more attentuation , the louder the phone has to transmit to reach the cell tower . this works well regardless of whether the attenuation is caused by objects/buildings between the transmitter and the phone , or just because of distance . if it did not do this , it would either have to transmit at full power all the time ( which would be very bad for phone battery life ) , or it would get disconnected owing to the slightest bit of attenuation , even though it has enough power to reach the cell tower . both of those would be much worse . because the details of how strong the transmission should be are specified by the gsm protocol , it is very unlikely that using a different official radio firmware ( aka modem firmware ) would make a difference . even if you hacked the radio firmware yourself to disable this behaviour , you would not be using a gsm phone any more , so any " if there is no signal at your house " provision of your contract would not apply .
it depends on how the app was designed . android provides means to allow an app to choose from multiple layouts automatically depending on screen size and density , so if the designer cared to , they could provide completely different app appearances for phones and tablets to suit their app to the screen size . further information on the tools the developers may have used can be found here . if they did not do any of that , then the screen compatibility mode kicks in and its behaviour depends on the version . in version 3.1 and earlier , if the screen is larger than the app is intended for , it will occupy only part of the screen . in 3.2 and later , it will expand to fill the screen .
it totally depends on how the developer has coded it . this can be fine if it is coded reasonably or it can be horrible if the coding is bad . android makes it pretty easy to design for both and the new development environment they are releasing makes things even easier for developers so hopefully in future all applications should deal with phones and tablets gracefully . an example of a badly coded app is viewwebsource where the text blows up massively : screenshot ( click image to enlarge )
there are a vast multitude of app manager apps in the play store . i use the android system info app but it does more than just management . as for your exchange issue what are you using to sync ? i know the android pre-installed has issues with exchange depending on how the server is setup and each version has different quirks . you may try using touchdown to see if it will get all of your contact information into the phone , however it is only a free trial and i believe $20 after that .
as stated in ayush 's answer , motorola customer care advises to wipe the cache to solve the issue , and it reportedly worked . as ayush omitted the steps required to follow whis advice , here are the steps to do " wipe the cache partition " . this will remove any temporary files that may be causing the problem , but will not delete your files or settings . with the phone powered off , press the vol down key for 2-3 seconds , then power key , then release . the device will display different boot options use the vol down key to scroll to recovery and vol up key to select tip : if the device reboots , you may have waited to long to make a selection , you will need to begin the process again . the device will display the motorola logo and then the android in distress ( logo with exclamation mark ) press and hold the vol up key for 10-15 seconds . while still holding the vol up key tap and release the power key tip : you can try this step , holding the phone in landscape . if you are stuck on step 6 , try a force reboot by pressing the power key and vol down key , and start the process again . the device will display additional menu options ( text will appear in blue ) use the vol down key to scroll to wipe cache partition and the power key to select this option the device will then perform the partition wipe the device will reboot and start the normal power up sequence
motorola is working on a fix for this issue . see the forums on their site . following kitkat upgrade , devices appear to show any of the following symptoms : lose mobile signal display ' no sim ' icons , fall into aeroplane mode ( while not displaying aeroplane icon status ) mobile signal can often be recovered by swapping into and out of aeroplane mode . pop-up errors about being in aeroplane mode while attempting to make calls during signal problems . aeroplane mode observed in about phone status ( while no aeroplane mode shown on icons ) 7 . popup errors - the process " com . android . phone " has stopped not specific to individual sim cards - multiple sims ( cutdown/original confirmed as impacted ) suggestion that it only occurs with mobile data enabled - to be investigated . the release notes also mention your low volume issue . apparently the patch is ready and the release notes have also been confirmed . this is just a matter of time . people should not update to kitkat 4.4.2 on moto g until above mentioned patch is available . note : i am not a moto employee , i am just a fellow user like you , who now tells others to beware before updating the phone to kitkat .
just to close this issue , i exchanged the device at the vendor ( same model ) , upgraded to kitkat , and everything seems to work fine . sorry for not having a more technical answer , i would love to have one , but in the end i needed a phone that works .
i am using moto g ( 16gb comes with kitkat ) for last 3 three week . and last night for the first time when i was calling then there were no sound at all . seems there was no voice transmission . then i rebooted and it worked but after some time same thing happened and continue to happened frequently . then i did factory reset and now it works well . it has been passed 1 day and no issue . i think its a software problem . i goggled a bit about this issue and found a post which states the same issue and occurred after 3 week of usage .
motorola customer care told me to " wipe the cache partition " ( and also described how to do this ) , and it is now working fine .
obviously you need an internet connection to create or log into your account . as you do not have a mobile internet connection yet , the phone needs to connect to a wi-fi network first . that is why it is showing you the wi-fi settings right away .
this is a tutorial how you share your files from android to pc or pc to android using wi-fi . . . no need to use airdroid or wififileshare . . . http://youtu.be/wlbrsia_4au
plenty of solutions available here . depending on which device you want to work ( i.e. . using your android device to push things to/pull things from your laptop , or working on your laptop and accessing the android device ) , your choices may differ , though : es file explorer is a file manager app for android which also can access remote resources via wifi . amongst others , it supports cifs ( aka " windows shares" ) and ftp . es file explorer ( source : google play ) airdroid is an app running on android , and offering access via web browser . so you can work from your laptop and access your android device via a web interface . airdroid ( source : google play ) both variants require your android device and your laptop being in the same network ( well , there are ways around this restriction — but this is how it definitly works ) . using the same wifi access point for both should guarantee that , for example .
i know that this has been marked as answered , but i wish to add this : most apps like that tell which country your from from your locale setting . this can be changed from the settings menu , or using the app locale switcher .
i had no trouble getting it myself , but that was a while ago . have you tried using a us proxy or sideloading the app ? another option would be to switch to data or wi-fi for the download , whichever you were not using , to see if it is just the particular network that the play store has a problem with .
yes , its possible . but , not with adb . adb server runs only in android ( device or emulator ) . on pc , you get adb client only . with usb , you have got a network . install a ftp , samba or ssh server ( like filezilla server ) on pc and use a ftp , samba or ssh client app ( like andftp ) on android device to pull files from pc . you can do the same over air , too . just connect pc and android device in same wi-fi network and do the same . if you do not have wi-fi router , use connectify or mhotspot ( assuming its windows pc ) to make a virtual hotspot .
on the sdk emulators and virtual machines like genymotion , adbd starts up as root and provides a root shell . short of modifying the source code to do otherwise and rebuilding your vm images , i think you will have to use the su approach suggested above . su shell does indeed work on both sdk emulators as well as the genymotion vms . specifically : note that the initial shell is running as uid 0 and after su shell is running as uid 2000 . in fact , you can su to any linux uid ( android appid ) configured on your emulator/vm . for example , after doing adb shell from ubuntu : android# su u0_a16 android$ id uid=10016(u0_a16) gid=10016(u0_a16) context=u:r:su:s0 android$  on my emulator , uid 10016 is the calendar app . remember that after you su , you only have the privileges of the new uid , and this may not include permissions to run linux commands or view certain directories . finally , if you just need to do one or two operations as the non-root user , you can string the whole thing together as one command in ubuntu . something like : ubuntu$ adb shell su u0_a16 id uid=10016(u0_a16) gid=10016(u0_a16) context=u:r:su:s0  or above tested on sdk x86 emulator running 4.4.2 and genymotion vm running 4.4.2 .
php mysql server app is available for android device . install it and then download and generate your yii project by using cmd , then copy that project to your android device wamp root directory . for better development , install it on your pc . before running the command in the cmd , install php and make sure to set the php path in your system environmental variables .
have you tried clearing the data for the app ? or uninstalling then reinstalling ? or does hootsuite cache unsent/failed tweets to the cloud ?
i had the same problem when i originally rooted on my droid with stock rom . eventually a newer version of froyo came out and i had to upgrade ( and lose root ) or switch to a custom rom . i ended up switching to cyanogenmod . no more nagging update messages and i kept root . you might want to consider rooting your phone and switching to a custom rom for the incredible .
try remote droid player . it also requires server software , though : this application requires a server which needs to be installed in your windows pc ( which you can download from http://doinhtml5.org/remotedroidplayer/ ) .
if ur phone has 3.5mm jack , just connect your speakers pin to jack on your phone . when you play any songs on your cell phone it will just play in your speakers . instead of connecting headphones your connecting speakers thats it . hope it helps
what i am " assuming " is that you want your android device ( with the music ) to play through your speakers at home ? in my case ( may not be the same for you ) , my speakers have cords that plug into the computer . and i can easily take out the cord that plugs into the computer , and plug it into the jack on my android device , then proceed to play the music . if your speakers are built-in and you can not easily do it , look for an adapter of sorts that'll connect your phone and your speakers directly . should be able to find some for cheap on amazon or something . sorry if this was not the answer you were looking for , i might not have quite understood the question . however , i hope this helps , or sets you in the right direction .
try twonky . instantly stream media from your phone to devices on your home network ! it can stream not only to you pc but to other dlna capable device and not only music but photo and other stuff .
yes , you can do this in windows xp and 7 . it will stream all audio from the phone- apps , games , etc . you do not need any additional software , just bluetooth connectivity on the pc . airdroid lets you access your device , including streaming music , over wifi via web browser . you could also just plug your phone in usb to your pc , and play the music on the pc with musicbee or any other media player .
go to settings > accounts > whatsapp > my whatsapp account remove the account make any necessary contact changes open up whatsapp at this point , whatsapp should re-associate your contacts with the existing users .
this was resolved . unfortunately , i do not have any recollection of how it was resolved . presumably a software update ?
you could download a third party customizable lock screen such as magic lock or go locker , both free .
it most likely will work , depending on a few facts : your device must have gps built-in you must have the map data downloaded while connected to wifi ( e . g . using maps ( - ) offline navigation , which fills google map 's cache ) for navigation , you must have calculated the route in advance i am not sure whether google maps supports pre-calculation for navigation -- but even if , there is another restriction : once you hit a " closed road " ( road works or the like ) , you are lost -- it cannot do a re-calculation of the route without network . also , getting a fix on gps might be a lot slower ( unless you aquire your fix while still connected to wifi ) . background is : to get a fix , gps needs to know where which satellites are . these data are contained in what is called the almanac . while agps downloads those data from the network ( e . g . via mobile data ) , " plain gps " does not have this feature , and thus needs to get the data directly from the satellites -- which obviously is not as fast . if it does not work with google maps , there are several alternatives to be found on the google playstore . i successfully used locus map free this way , so i know it does work . locus lets you download map data directly from within the app , from different sources , and also offers pre-calculation of routes . this app is just one example , there are a lot more available .
answer : yes you can ( no google tho . . . ) explanation : there are 8 toshiba excite tablets currently in the market , all with gps capabilities : this means that any of the existent toshiba excite tablets have gps and can perform map navigation . official toshiba excite product page here . based on the question dilemma , i have solved the same issue about one year ago with the following setup : navfree : free gps navigation navfree is a completely free navigation app that offers turn-by-turn directions , spoken and on-screen instructions , offline map use and address search and live search via google and microsoft bing , among many other features . the maps it uses are available for free download from the navfree store . the map data is stored on your device so there is no need for a constant data connection while driving . it also allows you to browse maps anytime , anywhere without paying for data connections , which means no costly roaming charges when abroad . it uses high-quality , open-source map data from openstreetmap that has been created and is continually improved by as many as 400,000 users around the world . if you see a problem , you can help to improve the quality of the maps by signing up to www.openstreetmap.org. i have highlighted the important stuff . . . steps taken : download the map ( s ) for the location ( s ) you are traveling to : you can do this directly from the application : touch your device " menu " button ; touch " upgrades" ; select the maps you wish to download . test you map download by opening the application and plotting a root : i have done this while in a garage underground , no gps signal , but still the map data i have downloaded contained all necessary requisites to plot the root , avoid tool charges and stuff . . . to best acquire a gps signal when you are on your destination , what i have done was get to a place without tall buildings around , to have the closest to 360º of clear sky as i could . in about 1min gps signal was fixed . from here , gps was at " poor " while inside city streets surrounded by tall builds , but the navigation was very satisfying with a very small margin of error from time to time ( 2 to 5 meters ) .
it will not work for 2 reasons : it would take a very long time to get a gps fix without agps . you have to be connected to the internet to download the map data . there are a few offline map options on google play - you just have to look for them , this is one of them . one other thing , make sure the tablet has gps . some of the cheaper ones do not .
it depends on the device , and what you mean by "2 . xx " . do you want a : stock android ? b : a rom ? c : a manufacturer-skinned stock image ? i am going to assume that the answer do the question above is d : any of the above . i am also going to assume that by "2 . xx " , you mean 2.3 . there are a few general requirements that will need to be fulfilled for it to be practical , and remember that this depends on the device and software ; do your research before buying ( assuming you have not bought already ) . the requirements : 1: the device was launched with android 2.3 or earlier . 2: the device has an unlocked , unencrypted ( or unlockable ) bootloader . 3: ( pseudo-requirement ) the device had , at the time that android 2.3 was still important , an active development community . if you meet the requirements : you will have to do some google searching for various solutions . if you want . . . a stock device image ( not stock/"pure " android ) then you can find instructions generally by searching " unroot [ device name ] " on google and xda developers . a rom : go to xda developers or the popular dev community site for the device ( google is your friend ) and search for cyanogenmod 7 , or any other 2.3 rom . stock android : good luck . i do not think you will be able to find any flashable images with stock android 2.3 for non-nexus devices .
most honeycomb tablets should get ics officially ( unless the manufacturer has already moved on ) , or unofficially ( cm9 ) . not an exhaustive list , but the ones i know of are running today : motorola xoom ( source ) asus transformer ( source ) asus transformer prime ( source ) acer iconia ( source ) archos g9 ( source )
i have a galaxy 2s with this exact problem but i wonder if i might offer a suggestion as to what could potentially be the cause . i have no idea how to fix it but i’m hoping that what i share here might help someone who knows more about the way these things work to be able to solve the problem . i have spent much of my career working in broadcast radio , the problem i have heard my phone have with audio dropouts followed by either a ramp up of volume back to the previous level or an audio dropouts followed by a momentary slight speed shift in the audio playback ( sounds a bit like an old cassette recorded when the batteries are starting to fail ) many people would probably not notice the later problem because it is very subtle and you have to know what you’re listening for . anyway , i believe this could be caused because of a lack of word clock sync between the phone and the bluetooth receiver . i say this because there have been times when i have had digital audio devices such as cd players that are connected to an audio console or digital amplifier and with both devices free running in terms of their clock synchronisation exhibit almost exactly the same symptoms . you see all digital audio devices require that the audio data be put into frames much the same as regular ethernet data is transmitted around a network is put into frames , however in order for the audio to be at the correct pitch and speed generally speaking both the playback device ( phone ) and the receiving device ( bluetooth receiver ) need to have the same word clock , otherwise you end up with the two devices running freely and the audio frames wont by in sync . depending on the error correction implemented ( sample rate conversion ) on the receiver you can get really odd audio results . i think that this is what is causing this problem . basically the bluetooth receiver and the phone aren’t in sync so every few minutes you get a drop out . it doesn’t seem to happen when you are talking on the phone which makes me think that when you have a call connection as this is bi-directional , the phone is probably synchronised to the bluetooth device word clock . but when you are listing to music the connection is mono-directional so there is no sync . anyway just a thought . maybe someone out there who understands the way these units synchronise can figure out a fix .
you can eliminate /system from your list : it is mounted read-only , and ( usually ) never changes ( except when flashin a rom or applying an ota ) . we can also eliminate /sdcard as possible candidate , for multiple reasons : first , it still has 2 gb free space available . second , android devices should also work without an sd card inserted . and third , plus most directly clear : the error message says " phone storage " , not " external storage " or simply " storage " . which leaves us with the other two candidates ( if your above list is complete ) . usually , this alert refers to /data ( or /data/data , if that is a separate partition ) . reason : /data is where your apps store their data , and also where apps are installed -- so here the activities take place : installing and using apps . do not be confused by the " relative value " ( about 30% free space ) . it is rather the absolute value which counts ( here : 1,313 mb ) . considering that some devices ship with less than this available altogether ( e . g . htc buzz ) , this should be sufficient free space , and thus not trigger such an alert . which would leave us with /cache as the most likely candidate here . you can ensure this by deleting some caches ( you can do so from applications &rarr ; manage applications and walking through the apps , hitting " clear cache " for each one that has caches -- or use some helper app which does this for you , like e.g. app cache cleaner or easy cache cleaner . if this makes the error disappear , it was /cache triggering it -- otherwise it could only be /data .
it is usually /datadata that gets full on the galaxy s . interestingly this partition is not displayed in the Storage setting menu . the quirk is that /datadata is mounted on a special very fast flash chip that only provides 170mib of storage space . while this was enough in the " early days " of android when the galaxy s was released , it can easly become tight with modern apps . /datadata is used to store application user data , and while many apps only place a few kib there , some apps require to store more . typical candidates that store around 20mib in /datadata are google chrome and google currents . atm the best practice is a fix that lets you control which apps can store data on the fast chip and which are outsourced to the slower ram . this script can also be installed with an app called datafix . to find the apps that consume the most space use su &amp;&amp; du -s /datadata/* |sort -gr |head . for example on my device :
first , do you have unknown sources checked under Settings --&gt; Security ? ? ? also , have you tried another apk ? if it is one you , or someone else developed you may need to uncheck Verify Apps in that same spot . second , do you only have windows ? i do not know about permissions on windows , but linux requires sudo adb install or adb install as root user . . . actually any use of adb requires root or sudo permissions . second , does it just say failure ? does it say permission denied ? have you ever had that app installed before ? adb install application . apk will give a failure response if you have a left over /data/app-lib/application folder or /data/data/application folder , or if you copied the apk to /data/app first without installing it , and then try to install it with adb , because the place is taken up already . if that is the case try ( reinstall flag ) : adb install -r application . apk you should also try ( install to sdcard flag ) : adb install -s application . apk or last : adb push application . apk /sdcard and then install from sdcard with a file explorer , or package installer .
there is a good comparison of the available software on syncdroid i have used the companion link trial . the sync worked fine , but the software on the phone was not that good . but there is a new version i did not try . i will try gsyncit next .
for others who are looking to move their contacts from a nokia s60 phone to an android phone , these instructions work well : http://www.upfrontsystems.co.za/members/gustav/the-perpetual-newbie-experience/how-to-move-contacts-from-nokia-phone-to-android-phone the idea is essentially the same , but the aim is to create a big vcard ( . vcf ) file containing all the contact details in place of the csv file . the part requiring a command line terminal can be replicated in dos/windows . instead of : cat *.vcf &gt; contacts.vcf  use : type *.vcf &gt; contacts.vcf  works very well .
your aim needs to be to get the contacts in to the google account that it is associated with the phone . once the contacts are in google , they should automatically synchronise to the phone . the first step is to create a csv from your outlook contacts : from outlook , do the following : File -&gt; Import and Export... choose Export to a file choose Comma separated values (DOS) select the Contacts folder choose a filename to export to and ok it hit next and then finish and let outlook create the file now that you have your file , you need to import the csv file in to google mail . log in to google mail in the normal way select Contacts from the left navigation bar from the top right , choose Import choose the csv that you just saved from outlook hit the Import button once that has finished uploading , your contacts should be available in google mail . they should automatically sync up to your phone within a few minutes .
the easiest way would be to synchronise your contacts with your google account ( you have one of those , right ? ) . if your account is signed in to that google account all your contacts will soon appear on that phone . something like oggsync might help , although i am sure there is others .
enter download mode . download odin download offical firmware from here place the tar file in the pda location in odin and it will install the offical rom again . tutorial here if you have kies delete it just install the drivers
this is not an answer to your question , but it is worth clarifying that both operating systems are fully multitasking [ 1 ] under the hood ( insofar as they can and do run multiple processes ) . your question is clearly about application-level multitasking ( "can i leave one application running while using another ? " ) , which is a relatively new use of the term , and is not always well-defined , even if it does have some obvious examples ( like listening to pandora while reading email ) . specifically , many applications do not need to run in the background in order to present themselves to the user as if they had never stopped running , so long as they save/restore their state . applications which must perform periodic operations ( like checking mail or popping up alarms ) do not need to run continuously in the background either ; they can invoked occasionally by the os . the big issue is usually applications which need constant cpu while in the background , like pandora . in general , apple has worked much harder to discourage or prevent continuously-running background applications , whereas android seems more open to it . but they are converging , as apple allows apps like pandora to run in the background and android provides richer tools to discourage needless background tasks when polling or saved state would suffice . [ 1 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/computer_multitasking
as far as i can tell . the iphone multitasking is much more restricted . the multitasked activity must be one of the following : background audio voip background location push notifications local notifications task completion fast app switching [ thanks gizmodo ! ] android , on the other hand , allows for true multitasking in a similar way to a pc . before i get accused of being an android fanboi , let me explain something . the iphone multitasking model is more than sufficient for most situations and avoids a lot of the problems ( ie memory shortages ) that accompany the android system .
android has a different concept of application level multitasking than a pc . there is more of a disconnect between data , how to view the data , and how to operate on the data . you can only have one app view open at a time , but the operation on the data can be going in the background . this makes it tough for application developers to make it feel like the desktop when switching between apps , quitting apps , and starting new apps . it sometimes feels impossible to kill an app , but it also sometimes feels like it is impossible to switch to one task and back again . it depends on how the app developer did it . you can have as many background processes going at once , and they are scheduled like desktop apps . the linux kernel will choose how to prioritize which ones get memory and cpu resources . when the phone decides it is out of memory , it will start killing things to make more memory . this is done differently than the way linux or most other oss normally behave . the data of a program is always available . as long as the app has permissions to access the data , it is available . you do not need a service running in the background for it to be available . apple has very specific ways in which you can multitask . they are a subset of the ways that android allows . only specific types of apps can run in the background and they have to be specifically programmed to do so . a desktop is very different from both of these things . each application 's view , data , and data processing logic are often locked together . i would say that webos , symbian , and maemo/meego are examples of this on mobile devices . if an application does expose it is data and background processing to other " views " , it will tend to be a very special application .
four steps : open the moboplayer app ; if you do not see a small menu with icons at the bottom of your screen , tap " home " to bring that up , then tap " . . . " ; from the white extra options board , scroll to see the far right side . there you will find " streaming " , tap to access ; enter url and enjoy the show .
rom updates from vendors/manufacturers/carriers usually evaluate checksums of at least the system partition -- which fails in case of applied modifications , such as required by rooting ( rooting needs to place at least the superuser apk on the system partition , and other root-apps may then add to it ) . i am not sure how this is handĺed by htc for devices " unlocked " via their " service " -- but in all cases i experienced , ota-updates failed due to the crc check . " un-rooting " will probably not help much : the system partition remains " tainted " . the only thing i know which should definitely help is flashing the original rom locally . as for me , i ended up using cyanogenmod on my devices , which runs quite smoothly ( htc buzz as well as motorola droid 2 ) . if you either have to flash ( the original stock rom ) , you might want to give cm a try . a good backup with titanium backup should take care for your data and make migration easier .
i use companionlink as my pim . do not get why it only gets 3.6 from reviews on google play , because it works great between my outlook 2103 and my android phone ( zopo c2 ) . i guess it may be that people will not read how to correctly set it up . if you have problems syncing it through usb because of driver problems ( and yes there is so many android flavors out there you will get driver problems some times ) just use the network feature to sync . i have not used other solutions since this work really great for me . /jj
as you are obviously running windows , you might want to take a look at myphoneexplorer and the myphoneexplorer client . this allows you to sync your contacts with outlook , gmail , windows contacts , thunderbird , seamonkey , lotus notes and tobit david , your calendars with outlook , google , sunbird , thunderbird , seamonkey , windows calendar ( vista ) , rainlendar , lotus notes , tobit david and net shared calendars ( webdav , ftp , local ) , sms and more as well , and offers many additional features .
well , personally i do not think that there is any application that can help you in putting the lock over your device when wrong password is entered your device gets factory reset . but yes i have seen that function available over the htc one m8 , if you put the password over the htc m8 wrong for 5 times it gives you the warning and if you put the password wrong for 10 times then the device automatically factory reset your device . i would say it is not possible to till data but i think if you are hungry for the function like , you can either try creating and application which can do so ( but i think that would be whole tough mess ) or try getting an htc one m8 .
you might need to root your phone and find a way to add another password . you might need programming knowledge for this .
its possible with device admin and setting password policy . im not sure i can post some sample code here or not as this site not for codes , for ex mDevicePolicyManager.setMaximumFailedPasswordsForWipe(mCameraAdminReceiver, 2); 
i do not know of any application that does what you request . maybe " after unlock " has a feature like that . what i would do is make an android application that is fired after unlocking the phone . the application would request a new password and if it is entered correctly do the factory reset and format the sd if needed . check this project for an example of how this could be done : mylock
tested on mac osx snow leopard and mountain lion : with your device unplugged go to settings-> developer options disable usb debugging ; go to settings , in wireless and network section , go to " more"-> usb utilities tap on " connect storage to pc " . plug in your device to your mac and the tap on " turn on usb storage " and ok . you should see your device just like an usb pen .
after flashing a new firmware it is advised to perform a factory reset ( all your data will be lost , so take a backup . ) while the phone is off : press the volume up , home and power buttons together till it vibrates . now it has entered RECOVERY MODE . navigating using the volume buttons highlight the option wipe data/factory reset and press the home button to select and confirm it on the next screen . finally select reboot system now to restart the phone
on an older phone of mine this was an issue with the app store . insufficient storage error was fixed after an update . one app , huffpost , had poor coding and gave me that warning . many updates later they fixed it . you can use gemini app manager to move app to the sd card that android will not allow you to : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.seasmind.android.gmappmgr edit : found a root guide . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2138234
there are two versions of the tablet , one with mobile network and one without . make sure you have the right firmware installed so that you get the right options .
awesomeplayer is the built-in media player , part of android 's media playback engine . it is also referred to as the stagefright player . you may be seeing the player 's entries in the log while not playing any music or videos , because it handles all media playback , including ringtones and notification sounds .
problem solved : the reason was a defect in the battery . there was a small crack over the side of the battery . it was replaced by the shop where i bought the phone last year .
tibu stores its backups in a folder on your sdcard ( either the internal or the external , depends on what you have and how you have configured it ) . so you can simply copy that entire folder over to your pc before applying the factory-reset . just check the root of your sdcard ( s ) for a folder named TitaniumBackup . after the factory reset , the folder should still be there ( unless your device is one of those including the card with the reset – hence the copy to pc , which in this case you now can simply copy back ) . launch tibu , and restore what you want to have restored . one thing to keep in mind : i do not know what is causing your trouble , but restoring the entire backup completely might bring it back if the troublemaker was included there , so take care ; )
there are multiple possible approaches : if you have google cloud backup activated on the " old " device , your wifi passwords have been stored along ( plain text , by the way ) . so starting with a new ( or factory-reset ) device , you should be asked on account creation whether to enable it here as well . answering with " yes " will restore several things even from your old device , including wifi passwords ( for details , please see google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? ) if both devices have root access , you can use either a dedicated tool like wifi pass recovery and backup , or straight go for a full-fledged solution like titanium backup if at least the " old " device has root access , you can obtain your passwords from their configuration file directly . they are usually stored in /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf using plain-text .
well i found this to delete ( uninstall ) superuser : use root explorer and delete superuser . apk from the /system/app folder ( 1 ) . go to the android market and download and install super user . use root explorer again and delete su from /system/bin ( 2 ) . go to the market and uninstall super user . notes : ( 1 ) i use root app delete , but the idea is the same . ( 2 ) i try to delete but it is unsuccessful : ) i solve finally using this guide : http://www.androidrootz.com/2012/08/how-to-unroot-any-android-device.html resume : install es file explorer , install supersu start supersu in es file explorer start root explorer delete /system/bin/su delete /system/xbin/su uninstall supersu
if your intention is sharing between multiple android devices ( which is what wifi direct is for , amongst others ) , you might want to take a look at apps like superbeam or fast file transfer . both are directly connecting two devices ( which both have the app installed ) via wifi , without any intermediate .
install and run es file explorer on both android devices and connect them both to one wi-fi access point . long press on the file and use Send option and choose scan . after some lag the target device will be listed and just selecting it will prompt for confirmation on the target device . once confirmation is accepted , the transfer will take place . you can see es file explorer 's help page for more info .
you can have some custom roms , but if you want just to remove the bloatware , i would just root my device , uninstall those bloatwares and if possible unroot again . some rooting methods does permit to unroot and some do not . even in latter case all that has happened is just you had rooted your device and still have your original rom .
according to this old xda post it is the same as the s5830 . i am not really sure though , you need to investigate this on your own if have doubt . note also , that your s5830 is a legacy device and only really runs android 2.3 well . so you could either follow cyanogenmod 's installation instructions for the s5830 or search the s5830 section on xda here . note : if you want to replace the stock firmware , you do not have to root it in the first place ; it is not needed to be able to flash it . you will have root with the modded firmware , then .
if you have a micro sd card , download a different rom to your phone . my phone would not ring after i did a factory reset , changing the rom worked for me . if you do not have a miscro sd then connect your phone to the computer and open your files for the phone to see the direct path and move from your computer to your phone . if you do not have the new os on your computer goto http://d-h.st/txq to download the dark unicorn rom , you will need a zip extractor , either on your computer or your phone .
if the device itself works as you suggest you might be able to access the recovery mode , enable usb and then download the files you need . however this will not be a usb sync access , instead it can be a fastboot or adb access . to do so take your desire which have to powered off and press and hold volume down . now start it up by pressing power . in the recovery mode you are able to enable usb access via adb . as the recovery mode uses only volume down , volume up and power it can be controlled even without seeing anything . you only have to know which keys have to be pressed in which order . this is of course the complicated part . i do not have an unrooted device with the original recovery here for giving you the orders which keys to press . may be you find an youtube video showing it or a very detailed manual .
well , you seem to have 2 options : if under warranty , send it to service center , your main board ( pba ) should be replaced . you probably will need a jtag repair ! afaik , there is nothing you can do at the moment , by yourself to get the phone working , apart from the options mentioned above !
i think google play is bundled with some services that requires for another applications . ie : applications that uses google cloud messaging ( gcm ) . according to this link : http://developer.android.com/guide/google/gcm/gcm.html gcm requires devices running android 2.2 or higher that also have the google play store application installed . . . . so basically , google play is not there only for install a new app or check for updates etc . . so i think it is better to leave it as it is .
some devices ( i do not know about the nexus 7 , but i think it will be about the same ) only charge when they have still a little charge left on their battery , because - believe it or not - charging happens electronically . so it can be that your device has absolutely no juice left to run . an example of such a device is the blackberry playbook ( not android ) where this trick works when your tablet does not want to boot . but there is a simple solution for that , which can take some time . try to keep your device awake for as long as possible , even if that means you have to restart it a couple of times . of course you do this while your charger is connected . after you have restarted it a couple of times , it should normally boot up . i expect it will take about 7 or 8 boots for the battery to be charged at minimum level again . after that , make sure you keep the device connected long enough so the battery is fully charged ( have a look in your user manual how long it is recommended , most tablets need about 8 hours ) . another option is that your device just needs a little more juice to start . in that case you should leave it plugged in for some time ( i recommend at least an hour ) before booting . tl ; dr : two options you could try : 1 ) just keep restarting it , after a while it will start as normal . recharge the battery for a long time ( probably around 8 hours ) . 2 ) leave it plugged in for a long time before restarting
if you have just plugged it in to the charger , leave it a while before you try to turn it on . the boot sequence uses power faster than usb can provide it , so you will need a little juice in the battery in order for it to boot up all the way .
you can try flashing your device completely and install the lightweight generic rom from google .
it can not be possible that you lose your internal storage because of rooting , as firmware is your os and drivers . which are taking space and do not even related to rooting in any way .
its called easter egg . all android versions contain same feature . you just hold that screen for 2 sec , and some more will be displayed . jellybean ice cream sandwich honeycomb gingerbread
sony pc companion really could be better . from your phone , goto contact list them do a back up contacts . it will writes all your contacts to a vcf file on the sd card . then you may merge it to whatever application dealing with vcf files .
have you tried the sony ericsson pc companion suite ? the latest version 's sync zone should be able to work with outlook . there are other packages on the market that can do this for you , but most are paid like for example companionlink ( $49 , free 2 week trial ) with its android app dejaoffice .
move your phone contacts list to the root folder of sd card tap on the people option on your phone and select import contacts from sd card . choose the list previously uploaded , then all the contacts will be imported .
aosp/stock android builds allow importing contacts from sim cards , or vcf files ( which are just text files . ) i am unsure the se xperia neo allows you to do this - if so , it is relatively easy to build a vcf file .
when using both features i.e. n messages in the last m days i have always found it to be buggy . if you want to pick up loads of old messages would suggest going into the account settings for that account , removing the m days option and changing the fetching option from xkb to just headings . would also suggest changing n messages to a higher value , one that is likely to pick up however many you want . then refresh your account - you should get exactly what you need now .
in k-9 mail , if you scroll down in your inbox , it shows the option " load up to n more " , and by repeating this you can go back further and further .
from what i have read , which could be wrong , these buttons light up where there are notifications , do they stay lit when you clear the notifications too and turn off the screen ?
yes , htc sense is basic rom provided by htc . if you want to increase your phone speed and internal memory you can keep your original rom and make it fast and full of memory by using link2sd with root privilege . just root your device and use link2sd to create links of your apps to sd-ext
when you are talking about an android rom , you are really talking of a group of programs , including the android base system , that are put together to work with your phone and that once installed are what you see and use when you start your phone without installing any app from anywhere else . you can imagine that the rom is the operating system of your phone plus the “default applications” that come with it . the thing with android is that is open source , so come people have managed to build systems configured to offer the user some things the original manufacturers of the phones don’t offer . this is the case of cm7 ( cyanogenmod 7 ) . if i install gingerbread , is that a rom like cm7 is ? gingerbread is the codename of a version of android , the 2.3 , to be exact . andorid 2.1 --> eclair android 2.2 --> froyo android 2.3 --> gingerbread android 3 . x --> honeycomb ( only for tablets ) android 4.0 --> ice cream sandwich android 4.1 --> jelly bean cm7 is a rom that uses as base system the android 2.3 system , so you can say that cm7 is a rom based on gingerbread . confused as to what exactly to do after a root , can i install gingerbread without rooting ? that depends . if htc offers an official rom upgrade to gingerbread ( version 2.3 of android ) , you can . if htc doesn’t offer this update , then you can only install an unofficial rom ( like cm7 ) . if i want to install htc sense , is that a rom ? htc sense is a pack of applications developed by htc to customize their phones and make themselves unique . htc sense is not a rom , but you can find roms for your phone that are based on the official rom with sense and some of the other parts of the system changed . rooting a phone is the process to gain full permissions . it is the equivalent of being the administrator of the system . once you are root you have full access to the system , so you can change it .
rooting gives you access to the root user ( dah ! ) it basically allows you to modify the entire system . for example you can remount the /system partition to delete apps . a rom is an entire operating system that you install in your phone and it replaces your default htc operating system ( normally along with clockwork recovery which is a backup/recovery/installing tool ) . you can find many roms for many phones . cyanogenmod is the most popular one . it is very nice but it does not include sense ( so you would lose any sense based app like the nice dialer ) . you can also find some modified sense roms , these might not be entirely legal ( not sure about this ) but you can find them normally in sites like xda-developers . sense is not a rom , it is a framework that htc uses to create a very specific look and feel for applications . you can only find it ( legaly ) in htc phones
i believe " rooting " means as in linux you become root ( administrator ) and the rom is the binary file specifically for the hardware you are using ; a samsung phone and an htc would require a different rom binary . now since you are root that allows you to change the rom to a new binary file ( cyanogen 's version of the android os ) suitable for the hardware on your model of phone . this may be completely wrong but i gave it an educated guess .
this is not meant as a complete answer , but only to address the issue of installing a rom vs rooting a phone first . it is possible to install a custom rom before you root your phone ( looking at installation directions for any custom rom will verify this ) , and to my knowledge , most , if not all , custom roms are rooted , meaning that when you install it , you have full root rights . however , you may want to root your phone before installing a custom rom , simply so you can back up your entire phone . you can do this via titanium backup . i am not completely sure if there is a way to backup your phone without rooting .
might i suggest google play music ?
what is a force-close ? if an application encounters an unexpected state or some other programming error , it will issue an force close . in most cases you will be presented with a form that allows you to send log files and the cause of the force close to the developer . doing so will help the developer to fix the bug . first aid if it happens rarely , you might be able to " ignore " it . contact the app 's developer if it repeats from time to time . an extract of the logcat might be helpful to locate the issue . if it persists : a reboot might solve it if it still persists in a loop , preventing you accessing the device otherwise , and the app in question is one you installed yourself , you can boot into safe-mode and remove that app if instead it is a system app , a factory-reset might be needed if your device is rooted , you might boot to recovery-mode and " wipe cache " before going to factory-reset . if this works out , you will not lose any data . helpful questions/answers dealing with force-closes how to fix a force close loop on android with phone access ?
dial \*#\*#4636#\*#\* . if an app opens , it means your phone is original . it will not work on refurbished phones .
on some devices , yes , there is a way . i am not certain which specific devices this works on , but there are two methods you can try . the most platform agnostic way to do it is generally the following : install a launcher that allows you to create shortcuts to activities . adw launcher and launcher pro are both free and allow this . long press on an empty space on your home screen and select Shortcut-&gt;Activity . look for one of the following in the list of activities . either : a . a package named com.android.hiddenmenu which you can expand to reveal the rtn activity or b . an activity simply named com.android.RTN ( this is what i have on my galaxy nexus , cm9 ) . create a shortcut to the rtn activity . if given a choice between multiple ones , select the " view " activity . launch rtn from the shortcut and look for the " reconditioned status " entry in the list . if it says " yes " then it is a refurb . if it says " no " then it is not ( or it has not been properly noted as one for some reason ) . the less portable ( manufacturer dependent ) way of doing this is to open your dial pad and enter the dialer code ##786# , which will also take you to rtn if the dialer code is supported . on some devices it may also work with *#*#786#*#* . all of the above directions were summarized from this blog post .
the size of your nandroid backups is directly related to the amount of apps you have installed on your phone , and amount of data these apps store on your phone 's internal memory . even though cwm excludes the /data/media folder ( which is usually mounted as /sdcard on newer android os versions , ) the contents of /system and /data partitions alone will take plenty of space in the resulting backups . backup size of 2gb is not that uncommon , especially for phones without external storage . consider an app like google plus , for example . the app caches articles and images from your stream into /data/data/com.google.android.plus/cache directory . the more you use the app , the more this cache fills up , and the more space in the backup it will require . same with other apps , like google chrome , or gmail , for example . to mitigate this , you can always clear the caches for the largest apps in Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All -&gt; Sort by size . also , an alternative to cwm called twrp recovery has an option to compress the backups in order to save on storage space . some apps give you an option to store their data and cache onto external storage on phones that sport sd cards ( google play music has such an option , for example . ) nandroid does not back up contents of sd cards , so selecting this option will further shrink the size of your backups . in terms of keeping backups on your phone , i would strongly advise against it . i usually keep only the most recent backup on the phone , and copy older ones to my pc . this way i have the backups in case the internal storage of my phone is rendered non-accessible .
what os do you have ? if using windows , then go to " folder option " > > " view " . then change these two settings : tick to " show hidden files " . untick " hide protected os files " click apply .
you could try installing the rescan sd card ! app and running it . you do not mention what phone you have sometimes you need to tell android to scan the sd card to pick up changes .
astrid has this functionality . add a task by giving it a title and then clicking add a due date if you wish . this opens a page where you can tap a due date + time . click ok after making the necessary changes . click the blue + sign on the right to add the task to your list . now tap the task to edit it - scroll down if you need to and select details and then remind when due and overdue choose the options as you see fit and ensure that the ring/vibrate type is set to until i dismiss alarm . click add an alarm and choose when you want to be reminded . to avoid this rigmarole in the future , you can choose to set by default that reminders should ring constantly until you dismiss them . click settings > new task defaults > default ring/vibrate and then select until i dismiss alarm also see reminder settings where you can choose a ringtone of choice .
provided it can read the cpu temperature , the linux kernel will detect an overheat condition and gracefully shut down the device in the event overheating occurs . however , android does not contain built-in mechanisms that selectively disable components or reduce heating in the manner ios does , such as by dimming or turning off the screen , stopping charging , reducing the power of the cell antenna , or disabling the camera flash .
within the batterymanager documentation for android there is a constant that can be used to check against that is named BATTERY_HEALTH_OVERHEAT . this would lead me to assume that there is a check that the os does against this value , though i have never personally experienced a warning like this . i did on my old ipad , but being a recent android convert i have not had the time to find out about this just yet .
there is an app called battery protector by apphibios . you can set whatever temp you want it to give you an alarm . i think 104f is about where you want to let it cool off .
instafetch ( lite / pro ) is a instapaper client that has both the ability to download the webpages for offline use , and to read them aloud with the text to speech engine . there is both a free and a pay version . ( btw : for text to speech i use ivona - it is free for now and produces amazing quality . )
go to the settings app ( not the settings in the contacts app ) . go to the list of apps ( apps or applications manager ) and change from downloaded to all . find an app in the list called contacts storage and click on it . there you can see how much storage it is using . since this app only stores your contacts , all that storage is being used for your contacts . ( actually , it takes up some space even when you have no contacts , but only about 4kb . )
well , i did a more thorough research and found that deleted mails actually are archived rather than deleted . what i did not realize is that deleted mails are not in fact moved to [ imap ] /trash , they are just labeled like that . so they still are in all mails and can be found by browsing or searching . other labels are also preserved . this is a feature of gmail imap regardless of the client . problem solved - there was not any problem in the first place : )
only gmail app currently supports archiving for gmail . other mail providers do not have the concept of archiving emails , so this is limited only to gmail and hence to gmail app alone . if you want to archive the emails , you should use gmail app , i see no other workaround .
as far as i know , the stock email app in the gs4 does not support archiving like gmail app . so my advice to you is simply use the gmail app in your gs4 as it offers more and better options than the stock one . also you can add as many accounts as you want to into it .
you have two options , assuming your using a windows pc : there is this nifty windows app for the pc : google music desktop player for windows : http://apps.codigobit.info/2011/10/google-music-desktop-player.html the web ui : http://play.google.com/music https://play.google.com/music/listen just a matter of preference , the web ui is easy and accessible from any pc with a internet connection or the app if you prefer a more permanent solution on like your daily pc or something you use frequently . . .
if you have uploaded your songs from your android device unto google play music ( not sure if it does this automaticly ) then you are able to play the music by logging into http://music.google.com from your pc . the sweet side effect of this is that it does not drain your android 's battery . : )
cyanogenmod is not permitted to redistribute google 's proprietary apps packaged with the rom , but they make them available separately . as long as you download and flash the latest google apps package from your recovery system , you can continue to use the market as you normally would . the newest versions of cm are ( according to the wiki , anyway ) designed to actually backup your google apps during the install and then re-install them for you , but i have had mixed results with this so i typically just install them manually after installing cm .
try blncontrol pro , provided your kernel supports bln ( backlight notification ) . it has a schedule function that allows a user to disable bln during the night or a specified period of time along with options to change blink rate as well as time-out of the backlight remaining on as well as a battery threshold beyond which blns will not be activated .
what you are referring to are called htc scenes ( hero scenes link ) . off the top of my head i do not know of anything like that and only htc devices have the htc scenes . i just did a quick search of the market and did not come up with anything so my initial guess is : no , there is nothing like that currently . you would either need a sense-based custom rom ( not sure if there are any for the droid x ) or an htc device .
there is no manual or faq i have found for the program so i am not certain if this is the way they intended it to be used . it does work , though , and i can not see an alternative method of using usb . you need adb installed along with the proper drivers for your device . this varies with platform and phone , so check google or xda . enable usb debugging on your device -- settings > applications > development > usb debugging plug in , start droid vnc server on a command line , run these commands : adb forward tcp:5801 tcp:5801 adb forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 visit http://localhost:5801 with a browser or point your vnc client to localhost:5901 i do notice that performance is not any better over usb vs a 802.11g , so i would only recommend going to the trouble of this if accessing your device via wifi is not feasible .
google earth is definitely available , i can see it in my market right now , however it needs android 2.1 as a minimum to work , so if your phone is running an older version of the os , then you will not be able to see it as the market hides apps that it knows definitely will not work on your phone . see the note at the bottom of this page , where it says that it requires 2.1 http://www.google.com/mobile/earth/
basically this has to do with the tie up for billing between your carrier and google . currently google may not have a tieup with your carrier to charge you directly on phone bill . or if you were earlier use to but via your carrier than their is a fair chance that contract between google and you carrier is over or in some dispute due to which direct carrier billing integration has been removed .
if you have not set up a google wallet account , you’ll need to create one before making a purchase . open the google play store google play store app . select an app or digital content item . touch the price . if you are purchasing an app , review and accept permissions to continue . next to the price , touch the down down arrow . touch payment options . touch carrier billing enable carrier billing . review and save your account information .
carrier billing agreements are only set up on a few carriers in a few countries . as of the end of 2013 , that list is : country carriers australia telstra belgium mobistar germany t-mobile international , o2 france sfr , bouygues , orange hong kong 3 ireland 3 , o2 italy wind italy japan docomo , kddi , softbank korea kt , skt , lgu+ netherlands kpn norway telenor poland play russia beeline singapore singtel spain movistar sweden 3 , telenor se switzerland swisscom uk t-mobile international us at&t , sprint , t-mobile , verizon ( source ) if you are still having trouble , google play support has some other troubleshooting steps you should try : if you don’t see a carrier billing option under payment options , here are some troubleshooting tips : make sure you’re connected to your carrier’s mobile data network ( 3g/4g ) , not wi-fi . direct carrier billing is only available on mobile devices using the google play store google play store app , not computers . your account with your carrier must be in good standing . check with your carrier to make sure : you haven’t exceeded your carrier’s monthly spending limit . your device and service plan allow premium content purchases . your device can use direct carrier billing .
if the phone is working normally otherwise ( that is , you can make calls and send/receive texts normally ) , then it is unlikely to be a problem you can fix yourself . you should contact your carrier or google support .
on your phone go to people . ( or phonebook ) choose your contact card . press menu button/edit . press on your photo/facebook . and it will be updated .
the programming support for the fm radio service that is in place within cyanogenmod 7.2 , is probably not compatible with the chipset used in xperia arc s . hence the omission of the fm radio , it supports only broadcom bcm4325 , silicon industry 4708 and 4709 , and lastly texas instrument wl1271 . looking at pdadb .netfor the specification of the handset - the chipset is not documented , so it is proprietary in which case cyanogenmod 7.2 has no support for it , hence the omission of the fm radio . the best bet would be to find the original stock rom dump of that here on xda , extract the radio app ( could be called FMRadio.apk ) from it and push that across to your handset . edit : as confirmed by the op , there are dead links galore on xda . however , i found another linky that may do it ( post #72 ) . ( that is err . . . ics rom dump . . . it might be worth a try . ) edit 2: here 's the radio stuff , you need to install it in this fashion . after unzipping the archive , there are two files , FmRxService.apk , and Radio.apk . plug in the cable to the handset and enter the commands , adb install FmRxService.apk adb install Radio.apk  the radio should now appear in your applications drawer , fingers crossed and good luck . there is no guarantee it will work either . . .
the freexperia team have added fm radio in their latest cm nightlies , and it seems to work .
i am working from memory here as i am now running ics on my phone so i may be a bit off here . if you go into your phonebook settings , you should be able to stop it showing your gmail contacts . now , to get them into gmail contacts just do the following . go to your phonebook , this will now just be showing you the contacts stored on your phone . you should be able to export this as a vcf file . copy this file to your computer . now just log into your gmail account , go to contacts and then import the vcf from there . then delete all the phone contacts and re-sync your phone to gmail . you may still have to do a bit of merging if you have part of a contact saved in gmail and saved in the phone memory but this will take most of the hassle out of getting them into gmail .
thanks , it actually helped ! how to clean the mess in gingerbread contacts . the problem : some contacts were from google , some from phone only , some from skype and some from facebook . so the main problem was that there were contacts which were on the phone but not on google . more over it merged contacts from different services and sometimes incorrectly . i just wanted a universal set google contacts and nothing else . the fix : backup the contacts . in contacts screen > menu> export > sd card . unsynk from google and all other services ( skype , facebook ) : settings> accounts> click account> unsynk contacts only . delete all contacts : contacts> menu> delete> select all> delete . turn the sync back on . get an error message - sync has problems . find this message in the slide down are ( how do you name it ? ) - you grab the top of the screen , slide it down - there are messages . click on the error message . it says " too many deletes . " pick to undelete google contacts . done . result : only google contacts are shown . also , in settings , somewhere , there is a setting to save all new contacts to your google account ( not phone ) , do that . now all contacts are unified and under control . also restore the contacts from sd card ( contacts> menu> import> pick the file you saved , it has 0001 in it ) > this will create duplicates . ( give the sync few minutes to upload all restored contacts to gmail ) go to gmail , contact> remove duplicates , run it few times until all dups are gone . now it is perfect .
this works for me . http://tasker-profiles.blogspot.com/search/label/wake%20on%20lan
not using tasker , but the following may also work : http://lifehacker.com/#!5796450/automatically-turn-on-your-pc-over-wi+fi-with-pcautowaker-on-android
you could check out this wake on lan plugin for tasker / locale . ( have not tried it - would be interested to hear how you get on if you give it a go )
this is another source : http://www.aopensource.com/
google code seems to be the predominant place for open source android apps : http://code.google.com/hosting/search?q=label:android
you can install f-droid to get a market-style repository of free and open source android apps : http://f-droid.org/
can not find any directories that specialize in open source apps , but you could do worse than a simple search on one of the regular app directories ( like this or this ) otherwise , i would say your wikipedia list looks like a pretty good source .
no , the phone is powered off , so no activities would be running to enable a transfer of files . you need to have it powered on .
i do not think this is possible . however , here is a very good file manager you could use to move the files after downloading : es file explorer
you should use the dolphin browser . while downloading file from the internet a popup appears and allows you to change the destination to save the file wherever you want . hope you are looking for that . ( still figuring out android pad ? )
usb debug mode is used by developers to test their apps . if they connect using usb debug mode , they will get debug information about how their app is working on the device .
an android device in " mass storage " mode behaves just like a usb flash drive : it presents itself as an block device that can be mounted ( i.e. " used" ) by the host pc . just like an usb stick does . additionally " usb debug mode " can be enabled , which creates a new usb endpoint for the android debug bridge ( adb ) . this allows an user to get in-deep access to the connected android device and furthermore it allows the debugging of apps . this is the reason why you should never attach an android device with debug mode enabled to an untrustworthy pc . as usb is able to provide more then one endpoint per usb device , this " services " , mass storage and adb , can be used simultaneously .
a reasonably well respected program is keepass , an android version exists here . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.android.keepass on their site they have quite a good discussion about the security http://keepass.info/help/base/security.html
those protected apps are not secure at all . these protects are meant for girlfriends only . . . : ) as you have said android does not allow one app to prevent another app from starting up , there is no way to really protect an app . the password screen can be by-passed by disabling one receiver of protector app . even its also not required for some poorly written protector apps : just , kill the protector app and done ! and , the most easiest method is more funny : many protector apps provide a failsafe password to by-pass protection in case user has forgotten the password . you just need to contact developer saying you have forgotten your password and he will provide you a failsafe password . : ) if your device is rooted , i recommend you to use seal . seal provides a root method which is much more secure than generic methods . disabling a receiver does not by-pass its security . as it gets root permission , it heal itself from any attempt to by-pass its security . so , even malicious codes fail against it . in the last , no protector app encrypts an app and decrypts it on fly before opening it . its simply because android system simply does not support it . so , an advanced user can access your protected apps and associated data using android sdk .
it works for me . i just tried using the " share " command to upload a geotagged photo from my android phone to picasa , and i can see the map on the picasa website . i am using an htc dream with android 1.6
the pda:na1 firmware is kitkat 4.4.2
i have had this same problem . to fix it i did the following : uninstall facebook , wipe dalvik cache via recovery , reinstall facebook , reboot device , sign in to facebook .
try switching back to dalvik --> install facebook --> switch back to art . it is working fine for me , i just happened to have installed it before switching to art
can you enter into recovery of download mode ? as your phone is booting up , ( right after the phone vibrates ) , press and hold on volume up and home to enter recovery . volume down and home to enter download . if you can enter either of these , there may still be some hope by flashing back your stock verizon rom through odin . otherwise , you will need to send it in for servicing .
try es file explorer . it can access user shared folders + administrative shares .
nexus media importer can restore usb otg support . source .
a good application to do that is the samba filesharing . it shares your sdcard , making it easy to transfer files from/to your phone . settings after installing the application from google play , open it and fill a password by touching the password menu . the default username is sdcard and the default workgroup is workgroup . you can leave it that way or change it in a way that suits you . i would recommend enabling and selecting your wifi in the wifi white list . that way it only enables samba sharing when connected to your preferred network . that done , you only have to go to your network shares and look for a device called android . login name : sdcard pw : ( the one you defined earlier ) open the shared folder and it will ask again for credentials , and you are done . here you have a video that completes this information .
how are you " evoking " this functionality ? video conferences do no appear from the ether . try a video conferencing app , perhaps -- like qik , fring , or yahoo ! messenger .
there have been reported problems with qik on the galaxy tab , particularly no option to start a chat . try to download something from vcast apps or try oovoo . sorry for not giving any links but i am on my droid and my latest cm update is acting crazy closing my browser w/o warning .
as matt mentions , you can long-press the home button to see the 6 or 8 most recent apps . i have also seen itching thumb suggested here before . as matt also mentions , there are task manager apps . one is advanced task killer ( or advanced task killer froyo even ) which can be configured to switch to the open app rather than killing it . btw , if you search for whether you should use atk to kill apps , you will see a lot of advice telling you it is not needed for froyo . i had not heard of atk froyo until now , so i do not know what makes it different than the original atk .
long pressing on the home button will bring up the six most recently accessed apps and you can switch them . how many stay in the memory depends on your phone and the size off the app . android keeps all opened apps in the memory until it needs space . there are countless apps that show what apps are running in your memory . search the market for " app manager " or " task manager " . one i particularly like is smart bar .
unless your phone have two sim card slots , support as you require is not possible . the market has adapters which goes into the existing sim card slot of phone and will help you to switch between sims after shutdown . the only advantage of using this instead of swapping sims by conventional way is to keep both sims together with phone and reduce wear and tear on the sim slot . samsung and other manufactures have dual sim phones which have two sim slots and the phone can be configured accordingly for usage . having said that , watch out for terminologies like dual active , dual standby . unfortunately confusion prevails even in manufacturer 's web sites . so , to be sure try the behaviour before you buy . you can read about these in the wikipedia .
this problem might be caused by some third party application installed on the device . i faced this problem with quite a few applications like " fast file transfer " , " super beam " , etc . applications that require to use the wifi-direct feature seem to create the problem . i uninstalled both the applications and the device wifi was normal again after a reboot .
this will remove all data like contacts and images stored in phone memory , apps with their saved data etc . but you will be able to use you phone . 1 ) press volume down key + power key simultaneously keep pressing until android symbol appears ( triangle box ) . 2 ) leave the keys . 3 ) press ( volume up ) button for menu options to appear . 4 ) select ( wipe data/ reset factory ) option . 5 ) press power key to select the chosen option . this will make the phone as it was , when you first took it out from the box .
sorry , i do not have enough rep to comment , so i just ask you here : can you please try to : create a contact on your phone log in to http://contacts.google.com/ with your computer see if it get 's on the contacts website after you have created the contact on your phone change something in the contact on your phone ( phone number ) see if it updates in the contacts website if it does not update you have a contact sync issue . go to : Settings &gt; Accounts &amp; Sync &gt; (your google account) &gt; Sync contacts  this must be enabled . check the last sync time , is it recent ? if this all does not help . as a workaround try to add a contact picture from the contacts website and check if it gets updatet into your phone . i manage all my contacts there as it is easier .
download the zip to your computer , boot up the phone in normal mode ( just press the power on button when turned off - no bootloader , fastboot or anything like that ) and connect it to the computer via usb . the phone memory that opens up on your computer is where you should put it . it really does not matter the exact location , as long you can access it later in the twrp recovery ( the download directory mentioned in the guide is also there ) . then you can proceed with step 10 ( or step 15 if you have already installed the twrp recovery ) .
it is not available because you have an old version of the ti firmware in your sensortag . some months ago they added the " connection control service " to the sensortag firmware to enable oad with android . if your firmware is not recent , it has the oad service but not the connection control service , so you will have to use ios to to oad .
microsoft has a workaround for nokia phones related to the domain issue -- i have not tried it yet , but it might be worth a shot -- nokia set-up • some nokia devices cannot accept an empty domain field during set-up . during set-up , enter at least a space and then after saving the profile , return to the " credentials " section under " options " to clear the " domain " field for the set-up to succeed .
instead of using windows live mail setup , use exchange active sync setup when setting up a new email . it will give you option to sync both calendar and contacts . it just worked for me .
http://windowsteamblog.com/windows_live/b/windowslive/archive/2010/08/30/hotmail-now-supports-push-email-calendar-and-contacts-with-exchange-activesync.aspx
i would recommend rooting the phone and installing a custom rom without sense .
tasks works great for me . it has a free and paid version .
astrid works fine with google tasks . it syncs with google tasks and can work offline .
i have been using irt gtasks outliner that gives you an offline outliner that syncs with gtasks . it is currently in beta but have been quite stable for the month or so i have used it .
virtually any of the apps in the play store which interact with google tasks will have this functionality . that said , i have been using and quite happy with google tasks organizer . ( there is also a free " lite " version . )
gtasks allows you to work with you task list offline on your phone and then sync when you have internet as do most task managers that sync with google tasks . i have never tried any of the others but i can say from experience that gtasks works well .
edit the apn entry ( see mel 's answer ) and delete the SUPL and MMS fields . select default for the type and then your data will work .
try to put another sim in the handset and see , you will get it .
do not know if you got it sorted but i had the same problem and did this : tap settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > access point names then tap on one of the relevant apn 's pertaining to your provider , such as , for example o2 mobile web ( pre-pay or contract ) set the apn type to ' internet , mms ' tap on menu , tap on ' save ' . back out of the access point names screen , back out to mobile networks , then : tap on packet data ( in some roms this could be labeled as data enabled ) , and also , data roaming to turn them off . turn those two options back on and voila its working again !
it can if you turn the function on in the settings . in the settings menu there is an option for " gps " , that when checked turns on geotagging : via gsm arena and careace
i just did a reset of all camera settings and the geotagging disappeared . since this is what i wanted , i am happy . when i bought it it was off ( i think ) and it got turned on sometime last month .
there is no setting in the camera phone for gps on my galaxy s gt19000 . i disabled everything in Settings &gt; location and security . it was still geotagging my photos , and i could not work out how it was doing that . but if you go to applications &gt; local , it was here for me . just visit the Settings section . nasty .
i would place the images in the /pictures folder , but there is no real ' best practice ' as far as i know . that is the fun thing about android , you can place the pictures wherever you want , you will be able the access them in every picture application . so you place them where you would think they belong , if you need them later . you can make the necessary folders and normally android will organize them according to the folder where it is in . at least that is the case on my phone , but i have another phone ( htc one x , so maybe htc added this feature ) . btw , I switched from iOS to android deserves a +1 :- )
please feel free to use a folder structure which suits you . it is better if you create a seperate folder for pictures , inside media folder or on the primary folder itself . ( where the folders such as dcim and media are located . ) as your title asks , there are no hard and fast methods to transfer data to your phone . standard file transfer safety measures apply . about keeping seperate folders , do not use too many folders which might result in slowing down the phone . no matter where you put the images , the album app finds them . ( just make sure that you do not copy them in to folders that you do not know of ) have fun with android .
op here . i used the info here to fix another ( relevant , if i remember correctly ) problem i had , then reinstalled the drivers , rebooted , set the phone to " camera ( ptp ) " mode , and let windows do it is " installing drivers " thing . it works now .
i am not aware of any app for android that can mirror an entire website . however there are plenty available for computers . i do not have experience with any of them , so i can not give you recommendations . a google search revealed a few candidates that could do the job . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] these should download the individual pages and the necessary resources like stylesheets , images and javascript files . after you have downloaded the site copy it to your sd card and use web server app to serve it locally . just open up your browser and point it to the web server 's address .
google docs sounds like a reasonable solution . it is lightweight , flexible , and editable both on a desktop and on a phone . introducing complex location tracking applications to organize a group of volunteers seems like an overkill .
some apps have certain hardware requirements that your phone might not support ( e . g . screen resolution . ) the market has the ability to filter out such apps from search results .
in addition to chahk 's answer , there are also geographic or carrier restrictions for some apps . these are basically up to developer , and we can only speculate as to why . you should contact the developer .
maybe your phone does not support the app you are searching . also , some apps only can be install from certain locations ( example google listen is available in a few countries ) . from google play website all apps are going to appear , but when you try to install this apps its gonna say " this app is not compatible with your device " .
the general opinion everywhere is that the web marketplace is much better with search results than the marketplace app ( it is really puzzling as to why is such the case ) . and no , the problem is not india specific , it is faced everywhere . the same opinion holds for other stores as well , including apple 's appstore . the good news is , there are a few companies trying to make it better , namely chomp and tapjoy : chomp has been pretty successful and has been solving a truly-existing problem , which is evident since verizon now includes chomp in its tethered phones . for more info , see xconomy . com news article discussing the search issues in the mobile market places and apps like chomp and tapjoy .
not specific to android , but traffic . com lets you define " drives " and will send sms and/or email alerts if issues are detected . other sites have similar features .
first of all there can only be one admin for a whatsapp group . if you choose to delete the group and remove yourself , one of the member in the group is selected in random and that member will become the new admin . in this case , somehow your account got deactivated . hence you were removed from the group . someone else in the group will be the admin now . since there is no direct way to transfer adminship of a whatsapp group , you can ask the current admin to add you back .
tap a photo so that the thumbnail views appear at the bottom . then long press on one of the thumbnails and you then get an option to select all additional hint : " select all " you will find in the upper option bar where you usually choose your album " favorites " . use the share-button and one of the given options to save the files to another folder ( e . g . use " es explorer save as"-option ) .
magnetometer reports the magnetic strengths on the three axes of the phone . can work as compass , metal detector and can also be used to increase mapping accuracy .
the magnetometer measures magnetic field , so it can do anything a magnetometer can do . other than compass , the magnetometer can be used as a metal detector for instance .
if you live in non-us country , then you can follow a guide for installing the us-based ics on you xoom that i have written up on my blog . the basic procedure is : install android sdk and motorola usb drivers on your pc download us honeycomb stock rom from here extract all files from this zip file into platform-tools folder under android sdk boot the device into fastboot mode . then from command prompt ( with current directory ‘sdk/platform-tools’ ) run following commands- fastboot oem unlock ( this is red pill , at this point your device warranty voids ! welcome to matrix ! ! ) fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot flash userdata userdata . img fastboot erase cache now reboot the device go to settings -> about -> update , this will download subsequent rom update and will install it , and then reboot repeat step-7 until all updates are done ( will normally need 4-5 update cycles ) note that it will void your device warranty
which version of the xoom do you have ? motorola have so far only released an ics update for the us wifi version of the xoom ( the 3g version and the international version use different firmware and have not had the update yet , applying this update to those models may harm them ) . if you do have a us wifi xoom then motorola are already actively pushing this update out and have been doing this in batches since 24th jan . if your device is regularly connected to the internet and has not automatically picked up the update yet , then you can force it to go and check by going into settings -> about tablet and selecting system updates it should then go and check for you . in the future , if you want to have a chance of getting xoom updates early , you can join the official motorola feedback network , members of that group did reportedly get the ics update a few weeks earlier than everyone else . join it by signing up at the motorola forums and selecting the " motorola feedback network " option . if you do want to do this manual update , then you can pick up a usb otg ( aka host mode usb cable ) very cheaply on ebay , i got one for connecting my camera to the xoom for a couple of pounds , including postage from hong kong !
as you are using a galaxy s2 which has samsung 's touchwiz interface layered over the android os , some of your questions are specific to touchwiz , so i will answer them that way too , in a way that may not be helpful to people with a different interface : yes , there are a number of lockscreens built in , if you go into settings -> location and security , then you should see a section labelled screen unlock settings selecting set screen lock gives you some options . this is touchwiz specific . on the home screen press the applications icon to get to the apps list , then press the menu button and select edit . you should now be able to drag any icon off the " home row " , and drag any other icon on ( to maximum of four apps ) . there are a couple of other questions on this site about setting up quick dials ( like this one ) etc . but it sounds like you could do what you want by creating a starred contacts folder on your home screen . firstly go through your contacts and " star " any contacts that you had regard as favourites , then find an empty space on your home screen , long-press there , sleect folders from the menu that pops up and then select starred contacts . do not really use folders myself , so i will leave that to someone else . that was the first annoyance i noticed when i got my first android phone a few years ago , i use the sms popup app for that , could not use an android for messaging without it . never even tried doing that , but when you are in their text message conversation you can press menu then more then call .
yes , you can use an alternative lockscreen . something like widgetlocker , which happens to have an iphone theme . again yes , but you need an alternative launcher . for example , adw launcher , or launcher pro . you got it . i do not think so . it depends on what type of folders they are . filesystem folders are usually sorted by date or name . yes , but you need an app for that . try something like handcent sms . yes . tap their picture , and tap the phone icon in the popup that appears below ( or above ) it .
i do not think that the galaxy tab 4 does have a vibrator motor , in that case it would be impossible to activate haptic feedback .
actually , i just purchased a galaxy tab 4 and the google keyboard when installed and configured to do so will provide a noticeable haptic feedback . the device does have a vibration motor but i can not find a setting to activate haptic feedback for the built in samsung softkeys either ( back and window change ) .
this may be slightly different on a gs4 but give this a try and let me know if you run into any issues : -go to setting -> apps -> web browser ( chrome , firefox whatever browser you are using ) -clear cache -clear data and if that does not work : uninstall and reinstall .
not a nice solution , but if you have to access those videos regularly for a long time , you could find the thumbnail files and edit them so you could tell the videos apart . also you could find another application which displays the title as well , or an animated preview . vlc player and mobo player function well for me .
all google services are accessible via ipv6 , since june 6 , 2012 . and yes , i have tried it myself . my own android is on ipv6 .
go to your settings -> applications -> manage applications . select the ' all ' tab and scroll to the current dialer app . scroll down and press the ' clear defaults ' button . now when you select dial , you should be prompted to select a particular app and also have the opportunity to set a new default .
typoclock and typoclock free both use the system language as one can see on the app features : multilanguage ( widget uses your system language to display day name and month name ) . there is no solution for situations like this , as you can only manipulate the application i18n feature if it was developed with such an option . you can , as mentioned by izzy on the comments , email the developer and see if this can be a feature a for future release .
someone over at the xda forums already discovered how to do that . see link to the thread below . i strongly advise to follow this guide only if you know your way around the procedures mentioned ( repacking and zipaligning an apk file , file system operations with root permissions ) and would not mind jumping through several hoops to recover your device if the process fails . xda thread - [ guide ] changing kindle wallpapers !
you can use quickpic plus es file manger to customize the kindle fire wallpaper . both are free . the key point is actually that the kindle fire system will restore the default wallpaper by default . that is why es file manager is indispensible . details about how to change wallpaper on kindle fire .
the free app , my kindle wallpaper does this simply and easily , no root required . d/l and install it , and point it at a photo or a folder full ( on the kf , not on the net ) , and get your favorite background photo or cycle through several ( one per wake-up , the way the stock software does ) . works perfectly on my original kf with kf v6.3.1 . ( i know it is a year later but this works , no f**ting around , nothing to break . it is literally a download and go . kudos to the author ! )
it is going to depend on the device . each carrier/manufacturer likes to add their own apps and widgets . some even pre-load multimedia files for you . so , this question really can not be answered . ( most definitive answer would be to just get the file sizes of the stock android roms . )
dbm = ( 2 × asu ) - 113 asu in the range of 0-31 and 99 ( for not known or not detectable ) .
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here . copied from bryan denny 's answer to another question .
i do not know of an app that shows just the non-game apps , but i thought i would weigh in since you have not received any answers yet . the best approach depends on what you are trying to accomplish . if you are looking for new apps to download , the featured apps are not often games ( since they are covered in their own page ) . if you are browsing for apps , you could do it by category .
something like that would have to be done in a custom rom , there is no way in the api to do that . i would suggest looking at something like widget locker to put a slider on your lock screen that takes you straight to your voice recorder app .
you can use the ping utility from terminal emulator or adb shell . also : https://market.android.com/search?q=pingso=1c=apps
i do have such profiles runnning just fine . when you define the context for the profile , you need to set an event and not a state for a certain variable set or variable clear .
if you just want to disable the talk notifications and use messaging for everything , it should be as simple as opening google talk , going to its settings , then disabling im notifications .
after the latest update , the samsung messaging app provides an option to disable google talk messages . exactly what i was looking for .
i do not think gingerbread has a built in gmail widget but take a look on the google play store . i found an example : " gmail inbox widget " that is compatible with gingerbread and there may be others . you could set up gmail in the default mail app and use it is widget but that sounds like a horrible work around to me . aqua mail - email app says it is compatible with 2.1 and up . i think this would be the same as using the default mail client on your phone ( setting up gmail in the app and using it as an email client ) but it does have an email widget . email widget looks like it will do what you want but it is not free . check to make sure it is compatible with your version of gmail before buying .
there is a reason why pressing ok has to be done and cannot be avoided is this - the pin number can be of any length of your preference , and by pressing ok that is signalling the intention that there i have all the pin digits entered , now android , please verify ! if there was a way to avoid pressing ok , that would impose the restriction on the length of the pin digits used , once the length of digits is reached ( for example the pin can be four digits long ) , then it would be automatic , but unfortunately in this case , no , you do have to press ok .
you would have to use your emergency backup codes you should have printed out : backup code page . these are one-time use codes that google recommends you print for emergencies to access your google account to unlock your phone . additional information for methods of gaining account access .
to regain access to your phone , first you have to regain access to your account on a computer . like dylan said , this can be done using your one-time backup codes . ( you saved those codes , right ? ) once you have done that , generate a new application-specific password . ( https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens or account settings -> security -> 2-step verification settings -> manage application-specific passwords . ) use this new password to log into your phone . you can safely revoke the old application-specific password that you had previously used on your phone .
if you have android ics you can simply drag the notification area and turn wifi on/off from there .
on the samsung galaxy nexus , you can add the android built-in " power control " widget to your screen , this has a one-click button for turning wifi on and off on the left-hand end of the bar . ( screen shot is from the home screen of my galaxy nexus , but this power bar has been built-in to android since at least v1.6 , though some manufacturer customizations do remove/change it ) to add this press the circle-with-dots-in icon at the bottom of the home screen to go to your apps list , then select the " widgets " tab at the top of the screen and scroll along until you see " power control " or " settings " , hold your finger down on that and it should allow you to drag that to an empty spot on one of your home screens . also , if you have received the jelly bean 4.2.1 update , it contains a quick settings menu that allows you to get right into the wi-fi page in settings . you can swipe down with two fingers from the notification bar , or swipe once and click the button in the top righthand corner . then you long-press on the wifi icon to turn it on or off .
you might want to see apps you have installed previously but since uninstalled in order to find an app that you but want to recommend to a friend . you might uninstall an app by accident and want to find it again easily . google play needs to keep track of this information anyway , for two reasons:- you can only review an app you have installed ; even after uninstalling a paid app , it remains available to you , and you can reinstall it again without paying . deleting an entry only hides it from the list ( on all your devices and the web interface ) , and has no other effect .
ah , cripes . i do not know what on earth put this .nomedia file on the root of my sd card . problem fixed .
facebook go to settings> sync contacts> remove facebook data skype settings> sync contacts> do not sync gmail not all devices allow to delete gmail contacts from phone , but you can always hide them doing like this . open contacts> right tap> more options> display settings> google> uncheck all groups .
in case of smartphones i would be more worried about the physical security than malware . it is essential to have an application that allows you to locate the phone or at least remotely wipe all the data in case of robbery ( or when you simply forget it ) . i use wavesecure for that , but i am sure there are other alternatives ( feel free to add them in comments ) .
1 . do these applications runs all the time in the background also when i am not connected to wap or wifi ? that depends on the specific security application . 2 . in case you recommend to have such apps , which applications do you prefer ? i prefer being cautious in what i install , rather than having big brother watching over me . as a linux-based system , android have a very strong security base and the android framework on top of of it is very paranoid about security . android is -- for all practical purpose -- impermeable to worm-type virus . however , like any unix system , android does not protect you from you taking a gun and shooting your own foot . if you tell android to trust an application , android will trust the application ; if you give trust to the wrong application , do not blame the system for it . 3 . is it true that the more application i use i can mess up the whole android system like the registery in ordinary computers ) and it can lead to the whole device to malfunction or to be more slow ( like ordinary computer ) ? if you are installing many applications that starts background services , then yes , it can slow down the system . applications that are not running does not affect the speed of the system . 4 . according to question 3: what can i do to secure my system ? do i have some option to restore the whole android system if it will get massed up and bugy in the future . there is a bunch . there is a factory reset on Settings &gt; Privacy &gt; Factory data reset . if you buy the phone from your carrier , they usually can reflash your phone with original rom . on rooted phones , you can make a nandroid backup . on custom roms , you can make a clockworkmod recovery backup . on many phones you can download and flash 3rd party or leaked original roms by yourself .
try call stats https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.movinapp.calls there are other similar apps on google play .
ok seems adb shell ran-as "package-name" ...  should do the trick , but because of a bug , this cannot be done on 4.3 system . bug : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=58373
while not 100% the desired solution ( i do not know if there is any way to force android playing sounds to a specific output device ) , as a work-around it is possible to silence undesired sources . background as you mioght have noticed , android has multiple " channels " for different kind of sounds , where you can adjust volume independently -- such as alarms , notifications , ringer tone , etc . so this can be used in the way of turning down unwanted types to zero , while keeping the once you want turned up . of course , doing so manually can be a hazzle ( and one might forget to reverse changes afterwards , especially when in a hurry ) . so let 's look for an . . . automation there are several " automation apps " on the playstore which might handle this , such as llama - location profiles or tasker . using the latter , i can for sure say it can handle this in the following way : condition : app running ( select apps you want to match ) task : ( volume adjust : chose which ones you want to change to zero here , but keep media volume on ) what will happen now ? once an app from your selection comes to foreground , the rule will match and the volumes will be adjusted accordingly . as soon as none of the apps you chose is running in foreground any longer , volume settings are reverted to what they have been before .
yes , you do need to install a custom recovery in order to install cyanogenmod .
in order to install most any rom , you need to install custom recovery first . i assume by asking this question , you may also be wondering why . flashing a new rom or recovery happens before android is running . basically , when you are rooting your device you are getting root permission , which is full access to your android os . truly administrative privilages , and only you can limit/extend your own rules . this is much like linux , ubuntu and any other linux-based operating system , though when we talk about android it is a different story . [ sort of , but in a similar respect . android is linux . ] why you need custom recovery : the main advantage of creating a custom recovery is to provide a way to reset an android device when it may be impossible to boot into it . in addition , it is an environment separate from android that allows diagnostic updates , and the ability to perform factory resets . you can use odin to root your device , it is easiest in my opinion .
kernel panic when a kernel panic occurs all user space programs are immediately stopped , preventing a user from detecting the cause of the panic : logcat ; dmesg and /proc/kmsg will do you no good . you can still check the /data/dontpanic/ folder for any files present , like : apanic_console or apanic_threads kernel boot method of logging kernel messages : invoke " dmesg": see it as it happens : # adb shell dmesg  direct to a file on your sdcard and see it later # adb shell dmesg &gt;/mnt/sdcard/dmesg.txt  " tail " the kernel if " syslogd " and /var are available : # adb shell cat /proc/kmsg  dump the kernel file /proc/kmsg: # adb shell cat /proc/kmsg  note : you may need to issue su to gain permissions over some files if you are stuck with an error message . alternatively , removing shell from the command will execute it on the computer side , not on the phone . references stackoverflow answer from eldarerathis to " can i get logcat logs after phone reboots ? " bootloader how to get kernel messages from android ? flashmyandroid how to get logcat and dmesg outputs for trouble shooting ! stackoverflow android : how to get kernel logs after kernel panic ? stackoverflow shutdown log in android
i found windows 7 bluetooth lacking so i bought a third party package and have no problem using windows 7 bluetooth with my android devices . the package was by blue soleil
calling at and t may get you an unlock code within 24 hours . you do not need to buy one , or follow this technical guide . but if all else fails , you can unlock via a downgrade to 4.1.1 . how to do this is below . the most reputable source i found is here : xda developers at and t samsung sgh-i317 , a big thank you to : odin guide and last steps are from after 4.1.1 estimated time : 2 hours . about sgh-i317 this is the code that identifies the at and t usa version of the samsung note ii . every carrier has a different firmware , so you would need to use the firmware for your carrier . about unlocking unlocking is not the same as rooting . unlocking let 's you use your phone with other sim cards . rooting let 's you have more control over the internal software system of the device . about samsung odin a 3rd party software used to change the firmware of samsung phones . about 4.1.2 jelly bean this is the android version of the phone . it is an older version , but onl version 4.1.1 has a free unlock menu . about kies a similar to itunes for ios , a proprietary phone syncing tool . about i317ucalj2 this is your baseband version for the 4.1.1 on at and t usa . a list of all the baseband versions of the modems are here : http://www.androidayos.com/samsung-galaxy-note-2-stock-firmware/ requirements samsung galaxy note 2 usa at and t locked 4.1.2 jelly bean windows computer downloads needed exact version : odin 3.07 ( newer versions will not work ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=1168421d=1341114315 ( may also need the note 2 usb driver : https://mega.co.nz/#!yvjnlcal!w2tkttlogvwqtfd0aon1dg1pgpjceqavxonqlspeqog ) 4.1.1 original firmware , sometmies called j2 modem for your phone : at and t is here : http://d-h.st/wsw full list here : http://www.androidayos.com/samsung-galaxy-note-2-stock-firmware/ samsung kies : http://www.samsung.com/ca/support/usefulsoftware/kies/jsp 7-zip : http://sourceforge.net/projects/sevenzip/ steps to unlock disclaimer : if your phone is not an sgh-i317 ( see device settings ) or if you do not follow the steps or your not careful , you may brick your phone . i take no responsibility , follow at your own risk : charge phone to full battery . backup important phone data . install samsung kies install samsung usb driver . enable usb debugging from your phone’s settings . go to settings > applications > development , and tick the box that says ‘enable usb debugging’ . ensure that kies is closed and not running in the system tray ! kies will interrupt and doesn’t like odin , it will block you from flashing . turn off phone completly . then while off : hold the volume down key , home button and the power on/off button simultaneously until it says downloading . . do not turn off target ! ! ” plug in usb cable from phone to computer . use samsung odin 3.07 ( for sgh-i317 ) to downgrade the firmware to 4.1.1 i317ucalj2 in odin window – the id:com box will turn to blue color and indicates the com port number and a word “added” on a log box will prompt you that the device is already detected or recognized by odin . your com port number might be different from mine . if you do not see a com port number then there’s something missing or wrong wait for the word pass ! ! ** takes about 7 minutes ** troubleshooting : phone should reboot . if it gets stuck at samsung logo ad-infinitum ( give it at least 2 literal minutes , sometimes it needs to process for a bit ) , try to poweroff by holding power button . worst case , remove battery . while off : hold volume up , power , and home buttons and do : 1 Wipe data / factory 2 Wipe cache partition dial this into your phone *#1234# verify you have 4.1.1 now ( i317ucalj2 ) Settings &gt; About Device . if this did not work , see this guide for troubleshooting : http://www.androidayos.com/2013/04/07/unroot-and-restore-back-att-galaxy-note-2-sgh-i317-to-original-firmware-stock-rom/ finally , dial the following into your phone app . *#197328640# select [1] UMTS &gt; [1] Debug Screen &gt; [8] Phone Control &gt; [6] Network Lock &gt; Options [3]Perso SHA256 OFF &gt; after choosing this option , wait about 30 seconds . then go back one step by pressing the Menu button and then select Back . this will take you to [6] Network Lock options choose [4] NW Lock NV Data INITIALLIZ wait for a minute then reboot your phone . insert a sim card from a non-at and t carrier
that is normal . the htc stock recovery behaves like that . it is different from a custom recovery , you can not do anything with it . the stock recovery does only install the otas you receive officially . no need to worry about it .
i think google+ profile pictures have to be chosen by the people themselves . your google contacts are private to you while their profile picture on their public profile is public . in their profile information you will see private contact data as well , but it is explicitly mentioned and are additional . i do not think their is a way to do so because it just is not meant to be done .
on the forum of xda developers , an unofficial version of lbe is available . it works very well on 4.1.1 and 4.1.1 , at least on my galaxy nexus , and people on the forum are enthusiastic about it too . many people are using it . i appears to be the chinese version , which is still under active development and up to date , but translated by volunteers on xda . highly recommended . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1422479
as the " what is new " section says it is been updated for jelly bean , this looks promising : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissionshl=en i have never tried it , but assuming you are rooted , this guy 's apps are usually good .
i have noticed that a few random photos will not display even when selecting them using different browsers in mobile mode . but reload using desktop setting and all fb photos display fine . i have removed both fb messenger and fb app due to them being so flaky . there is more stable ways to use fb on android . my new android rule is not to use an app where a browser can perform the same task , sometimes less convenient but always more reliable .
you may want to take your picture first , then upload it to facebook via the share button in the gallery app .
from a couple of days a noticed too , that some pictures from facebook are not shown . if i login later they will show up , but other pictures will not . i saw a news that they made some changes to photos infrastructure so it is possible to be a temporary outage until they consolidate the new changes on all servers .
google has released google calendar as separate app officially on google play .
i have found a slightly modified , adapted version on google play that works well : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.concentriclivers.calendar
assuming that dropbox is not blocked , then maybe a note-taking or todo type app that syncs with dropbox could help ? for instance epistle or todo . txt touch alternately do you have wifi at work that your phone can connect to ? you could use the wifi keyboard app that lets you type or paste from the pc straight into whatever text box is currently active on the phone . there are also apps that do the same over bluetooth if that is a better option ( though i have not personally used them ) . see this previous answer for some similar connectivity options .
you might want to look at clipbird . it can sync clipboards between your pc and your phone . you do not really need to do anything special , it will just sync them up .
you need evernote ! http://www.evernote.com/ they have a web interface and an android app . it is really pretty fantastic !
at last i found the answer to the dumb issue i have had , whereby the wifi scan " hangs " and never sees local wifi . set wifi on during sleeps - always , best wifi - off and auto-disconnect - off . think it is the last setting which cleared my issue .
as described above , the freezing does not occure during the first connection after reboot . therefore , i was able to open the advanced settings in the wifi menu after a reboot . there , i changed following settings : keep wifi on during sleep -> always best wifi performance -> off auto-disconnect -> off since then , the problem has not appeared . the phone was on a mobile network many times ( when i was outside of reach ) , and it logs on without problems when i return to the reach of a known network . no freezing any more . i do not know which one of the three settings changed anything , because i did not try any combinations . i am just happy that the problem disappeared after weeks of slow mobile internet only .
i am using the same version of the os on my htc one x and i have never had this problem before . so i am thinking this is maybe a problem concerning the hardware of your phone . maybe you should contact htc for this problem . they can probably help you some more . but you could always try to do a hard factory reset ( this is something which htc support will ask to do too ) . because an update does not really reset anything . a factory reset should reset all settings , this to make sure it is not a problem of your settings . before you do a factory reset , make sure you have a backup of everything .
developer update the app , and it works now .
do you have any control over the ( presumably wireless ) lan that you are connecting your phone to ? it seems to me that the main part of your problem is just that your phone picks up different ip addresses each time it connects to your lan . if it always had the same ip , then you could either make a note of this , save it in your ssh client , or assign a name to that ip on your other machine ( s ) using a hosts file or similar . are you in control of your network , or do you know the person that is ? you ( or they ) should be able to assign a static ip address , or a reserved ip address , to your device so that every time you connect your phone to the lan it always picks up the same ip address . if it is a small , personal network then this would just be a setting on your device 's record on your router , if this is a larger network then it would be setup on the dhcp server and a matching a name record could also be setup on their internal dns to give you a permanent name .
currently there is no avahi daemon on android and open ticket #354 at avahi tracker , where there are attached patches , needs to be addressed to make a build for android possible . you can try to build it manually , if really needed .
looks like you are not the only one with this problem . a simple reboot seems to be working for most people , with some having to do a factory reset . if you have to do that , do not forget to use an app such as titanium backup to back up your apps first .
i would seriously consider rooting and installing a custom rom . i have installed custom roms which gave me the sod issue - my point is that i believe sod is in fact tied to what rom ( whether stock or custom ) you are running . this question details various things on rooting . for specific directions on rooting and custom rom for your phone model , you will have to do a search here for that or on google .
a faster clock frequency will let your phone go faster , but it comes with some costs . the power use of the cpu is ( roughly ) proportional to the square of the clock frequency , so increasing from 600 mhz to 1600 mhz will use 2.5 times as much power . on top of that , that power gets turned into heat , so it'll be producing heat 2.5 times as quickly as well . your phone will automatically slow the processor down if it gets too hot , so it may be that turning up the max clock speed actually makes the cpu slower overall - because it has to keep " throttling back " to avoid overheating . changing the cpu frequency does not make anything else faster but the cpu . that is , if you are trying to play a graphics-intensive game , it might not get faster because it is limited by the gpu speed ; or if you are doing things on the web , your internet connection will not get any faster . in this particular case , you are asking about changing the frequency within the design limits . this ought to be safe , but some mods and custom roms let you genuinely over-clock the processor faster than it was designed to go , or to change how and when the power management reduces the clock frequency . using techniques like this can cause serious overheating , enough to permanently damage the phone 's hardware . be very cautious if you should decide to experiment .
setting frequency to high end may cause problems like . 1 . heating up phone . 2 . burn battery . 3 . even you may damage your phone completely . over-clocking frequency will speed up your phone 's performance .
have a look at qemu . apparently it is known to run on arm . running xp ( if it even works ) is probably not going to be a pleasant experience due to what is noted by chris herbert and the probable lack of a screen/pointer driver . if you really want to do it maybe wait for the intel atom ( x86 ) based tablets . there should be some atom based windows 8 tablets about now . the androids are coming soon .
virtualbox uses virtualization , which is not possible when the host device ( android tablet ) uses a different cpu architecture than the guest device ( x86 pc running windows xp ) . since your android tablet almost certainly has an arm cpu , the x86 cpu would have to be emulated , which is massively slower than virtualization . it does not seem like it would be practical at all .
i found this link to be useful . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=775911 essentially , you have to remove the battery , sim card and the microsd card . then wait for a while and put everything back and connect the phone to the pc running kies recovery . it worked for me , although its not clear to me what really clicked it .
from what you have written it appears that your phone has been " bricked . " the computer that you were using to perform your kies update via the usb connection was not capable of handling the update and unfortunately your phone has become inoperable .
from the comments it sounds like you have gotten back to download mode , so that is good . if not , try different button combinations in conjunction with battery removes and being plugged/unplugged into usb . something should get you there . once you are in download mode you are probably going to need odin to fix your device . you can use my instructions here for odin .
hard to say without knowing which device and firmware version we are talking about , so what follows is my speculation . i have a garmin nuvi which continues navigating in a tunnel , turns and all , despite losing its satellite reception . mine does not switch to night mode , but it clearly knows it is in a tunnel from the map data . since loss of reception is a given in a tunnel , the device must be dead-reckoning while it is in there . ( re-broadcasting is out because it would affect the signal timing which is key to calculating a fix ) . in fact , i have tested this by entering a tunnel fast and decelerating once inside it . the device alerted that it had lost reception and continued to display my entry speed , " passing " turnouts and the tunnel exit before i did . from that , i inferred that the firmware was using map information , possibly cross-checked with loss of satellite lock , to know when i have entered a tunnel .
i have found no hard evidence for or against it , it is basically down to the bluetooth stack implementation . the bt stack needs to weigh power consumption vs availability requirements for the operation it assumes the user wants to perform , so it attempts to turn off both transmit and receive circuits whenever possible . the ideal case is when two devices are connected , and neither expects any other devices to show up ; being " connected " means that the devices have synchronized clocks and agreed on duty cycles . for an idle headset , it is totally acceptable if it listens for a short period once every second , as the user is unlikely to answer the phone any faster ; if there is work to be done , the phone will send a packet instructing the headset to keep its receiver on . going to connected state from power-on is more difficult , as you have two devices trying to minimize the duty cycles on their transceivers while they still need to find each other ( and cannot assume synchronized clocks yet ) . how devices behave now largely depends on how much power they have available and what their purpose is . a headset will assume that it is being turned on in reach of a phone that it is paired with , so it will listen continuously if one of the devices in its pairing list speaks up ; if so , it will reply with a connection setup packet ; after a few seconds , it generally gives up and goes to a low-power mode , assuming that it was turned on inadvertently ( e . g . in a handbag ) . a car hands-free set has lots of power available , so it can listen and actively probe for paired devices continually . being " discoverable " only means that certain broadcast packets are replied to if they are received ; otherwise , only unicast packets directed at the device are considered . this setting is technically independent from the power policy , but these are often set together by a middle layer responding to an ui request .
device in discoverable mode does drain more power . the following thread will help you : turning bluetooth " discoverable " on .
i believe the only way to stop the ota notifications for good is to unlock/root the handset and install fotakill . apk to the /system/app/ directory . the version of this app for froyo can be found within the gapps package . you might also need to " fake " your phone 's signature by modifying the /system/build . prop file and altering the ro.build.... lines , so that they match the latest os version . on my nexus one ( it is rooted and running cyanogenmod 7 ) these are the relevant entries : in either case you will need to root your n1 .
1 ) take the s3 's battery out for 30 minutes . 2 ) then , reinsert the battery and use samsung odin to wipe the s3 and install a new android firmware by doing : a . if you have not installed the usb drivers for your s3 , then install samsung mobile phones usb drivers 1.5.33 . exe . otherwise , skip this step . for windows os , you can download the samsung usb drivers for mobile devices here ( using bittorent ) , or here ( straight download ) . b . shut down your phone . c . boot your phone into download mode i.e. hold volume down + home + power buttons down simultaneously . then , press volume up button to initiate download mode . d . plug in phone 's usb cable : one end into your phone 's connector and the other to your pc 's usb port or hub . e . open odin3 ( this version runs in windows only ) and check only " auto reboot " and " f . reset time " options . note : download odin from here . f . click the " pda " button and select " . tar " . then hit the " start " button and wait . g . once odin3 signalled " pass ! " , unplug phone 's usb cable . your s3 now has the new android firmware . 3 ) once the firmware is installed , do a factory reset . 4 ) wipe internal sd card , too , in case of rogue softwares lying around . 5 ) if you have an external microsd card installed in your s3 , wipe this card as well . note : backup any personal files ( photos , music , etc ) before the wipe .
burn the hardware . if it is dug itself in deeply enough to survive a factory reset and installing a new os from scratch , then there is no way you can trust this hardware again .
it is very possible for someone to unlock it , especially with the right skills . here is what i do not like about pattern unlocks : i once sat next to someone at school who wiped his ' friends ' phone screen off , and then waited for him to unlock it . he then stole it and looked at the smudge on the screen to get the unlock pattern . in my personal experience , number combinations are a lot safer than patterns . now lets say that you had a really good unlock pattern that was really long that nobody could just brute force hack . then your data is still a little bit more protected , but you can still get into it . all somebody has to do to get your data off of your phone is to root it and then they have access to everything . if i were you i would not be very worried . your phone does not ( or at least should not ) have credit card info stored on it . if you use a credit card for google play , then it is stored ( and encrypted ) on a google server . basically if someone were to ' hack ' your phone here is what they could look at : text messages emails from accounts synched with phone pictures videos music google calendar phone specific settings ( imei ect . ) here is what i would do i would go to my cell phone carrier and tell them to deactivate my sim card and ( if possible ) deactivate the phone . i know there are some carriers in europe that can actually wipe the phone completely . see if theft is covered by your carrier 's warranty ( it usually is not but its worth a shot ) . then get a new android powered device and move on . if i were you i would not worry about the data on your phone . i do not think anyone would take the time to go through all of your stuff on your phone because to you it is important but to them it is junk . you can try some simple android apps like : lost droid finder - apparently you can remote-install this app to your phone and it will help you find it . i have never tried it but maybe its worth a go . wheres my droid - this app is similar to the last one . what i like about this one is it can wipe almost anything on the phone ( sms , pictures and even the sd card ) . it can also remotely lock your phone if you did not already have a password on it . both of these apps are free . it is better to prepare for something like this before it happens , so if you are a person who frequently loses their phone , these apps might be something you might want to have just in case . so to directly answer your question : would it be possible for a thief to unlock [ my phone ] ? yes , will they ? probably not . they will probably just factory reset it and just do what they do . hope this helped you out !
go to settings and turn on bluetooth . click menu button and you will see the option Show received files . alternatively every files sent via bluetooth will be stored in a folder named bluetooth in storage ( if the files are not moved ) .
there is a user interface that is providing the log/history of bluetooth sharing . to view the log you need to activate bluetooth and send any file . after sending a notification appears and by clicking it you can view the logs .
yes . f-secure freedome ( a vpn client ) is running on my note 2 . i have note 2 tethered to an ubuntu machine and an android tablet . my tablet and laptop post a germany ip address , while i am on the other side of the ocean . make sure that your data plan allows tethering . make sure that you are on the cell network . however , usb tether to wifi vpn on the phone works a bit better . i keep my connection dropped when going all over over the air . depending on your flavor of android your mileage may vary note 2 and the tablet are running 4.4 ( cm 11 nightlies ) , ubuntu is on 14.04 .
unfortunately the stock android tethering application does not work with vpns . this limitation is an oversight in the software and not a system limitation . however there is an application called clockworkmod tether that will allow you to tether and use a vpn at the same time . in fact it makes use of the standard tethering application and then fixes up the routing information to make it work . this application does not require you to root your phone but you do need to run software on the computer that you wish to connect to your phone . also this only works for usb tethering at the moment . there are other alternatives to clockworkmod tether , if you wish to try them , including pdanet . hope it could help
the crack in the glass itself can not cause the kind of problem you are describing , but it is possible that it is not just the glass that is cracked , but the touchscreen sensor . this looks like a thin , transparent plastic film under the glass . if this is damaged , it could be causing a power short or sending bad signals to the rest of the phone hardware , causing it to fail during startup . in short , from what you have described there is no way to know for sure whether replacing the touchscreen will fix the problem . an experienced phone technician might be able to examine the electrical signals and determine if the touchscreen is still working , but that is probably harder and more expensive than simply replacing it to see if it fixes it . that said , taking the phone apart to replace the screen might make it obvious by letting you see any physical damage to other internal components .
rooting is always possible because rooting , a.k.a. user switching , a.k.a. setuid , is one of the most fundamental feature of unix and linux . for many devices , rooting does not actually involve any security exploits ; rooting methods that requires flashing a file through the bootloader and/or rom updater utility ( e . g . samsung 's odin , htc 's ruu , etc ) are not a security breach , as they are legitimate features specifically designed for flashing roms . a large number of devices are rooted in this way . on those devices , rooting are possible because the manufacturers actually provides the facility for it . they certainly do not make rooting an easy one-click process ( for good reasons ; most people who wanted to root do not actually need root ) , but they do provide an officially sanctioned method to root under the condition that your warranty voids ( official rooting method often leaves a permanent mark to let authorized technicians know if a phone had been rooted ) . there are not that many quite a few rooting methods that actually uses a security exploits ( e . g . rageagainstthecage , zergrush , gingerbreak , etc ) , and these exploits are often repackaged into a form that are much easier to use for the masses ( e . g . superoneclick ) . rooting through exploits are often hit and miss since they get patched fairly quickly for devices that are still within update period ; but sometimes they provide advantages such as avoiding triggering the warranty marking . the issue becomes a little complicated when the tech news and blogs reported when a developer wrote tutorials or tools to ease up legitimate rooting process . they often do not understand the nature of the rooting method , and certainly i have never seen them distinguish between legitimate rooting methods and rooting through security exploits , worse they also often report the repackaging of existing exploit and the porting of an existing exploit to a new device as if they are a totally different exploits . thus the confusion that makes it appear that android seems to have more exploits than it really does .
it is not really the " linux os " , it is the linux kernel . the vulnerability is not necessarily in the os , or the kernel . there are different exploits that are used . i remember some device being able to load any zip file in the recovery if it was " pre-pended " by a signed zip file . so they used a signed zip and added an unsigned zip to the end of the file . i think this exploit was for the original droid . no software is 100% bug free . if it was , then even a mature product like windows would not have to do security patch releases every month . no matter how smart the developer is , or thinks he is , more likely than not , there is probably someone smarter ( or at least they may know more about exploiting code ) . when exploits are discovered , google ( or the manufacturer ) has ( usually ) patched them . but since a lot of the devices do not receive updates very often , the exploit remains available .
i think you should try dropbox / google drive . it will be more flexible than running a separate server on your phone . you will be able to access you file from the cloud at any moment even if you do not have access to your cell or the battery is dead .
you can have a look at servers ultimate on play . the ssh server itself works on all devices and command line works on arm and x86 . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.icecoldapps.serversultimate
if the video is recorded , then it will be saved to your phone . but for your case , what i guess is that the video is not recorded .
check out a [ linux ] tool called foremost - that ought to do it .
ok , so it turns out that you need a different boot . img file for the motorola xoom wifi only model than for the 3g model . click here for instructions if you have a 3g model click here for instructions if you have the wifi only model ( including how to fix it if you have already tried using the wrong boot . img and you are being stared at by a non-responsive boot screen that has the moto logo and the words ' dual core technology' )
these steps were using an htc evo with htc sense - your menu options may be different but should be similar . there should be a " format sd card " in the phone " settings " . open " settings " , then go to " sd and phone storage " , then you should see " format sd card " . if the option is grayed out then you may need to unmount your sd card first and then format the card . make sure you have backed up anything you want to save with a backup app or just by copying whatever files off your card onto a computer because this will erase everything on the card . hope this helps
go to settings -> storage -> erase sd card .
the play store app has two main features regarding nfc , both of which require the nfc permission . it registers intent filters such that when you scan an nfc tag with a market:// link or a link to play.google.com , you get the play store app instead of a browser , the same way you would when you click such a link . this does not require calling the getNfcAdapter function , but it does use the same permission . it uses android beam . if you look at an app 's page in the play store app , then bring another android device to nfc range , you can send that app link to the other device .
[ . . . ] if it finds an aar , it starts the application based on the package name inside the aar . if the application is not present on the device , google play is launched to download the application . from : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/nfc/nfc.html#aar so for example , stores and companys can use a nfc tag to make it easy to install their apps when you put your mobile on it and so on . . -the second and more likely possibility is that the google play store checks if you can download compatible nfc apps . the same way as it checks your android version . here is a dev sight on it:stackexchange-url
the problem was the emmmc is fried . the only solution is rma
this answer was suggested as an edit by an anonymous user , but should stand on its own . first you have to locate the droidvncserver executable file on your device . on a nexus s it is in this directory : /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files  then you have to set the execution right on the executable file ( it is a unix subutility ) from pc using adb . exe . in a command line window ( from the appropriate android sdk folder ) you can type : adb.exe shell chmod 766 /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files/androidvncserver  ( this has to be to done only once , for further detail on chmod command type man chmod in google ) then you will be able to launch vnc server directly from your pc using adb . exe : adb.exe shell /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files/androidvncserver  additionnaly to connect your vncviewer using the usb cable type in another command line window : adb.exe forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 
use adb shell am start -a android.intent.action.Main -n org.onaips.vnc/.MainActivity outside the shell , and the vnc server will start .
adb shell cd /data/data/org.onaips.vnc/files chmod 766 androidvncserver androidvncserver 
lookout free security anti-virus , anti-malware , anti-spyware backup contacts backup restore data to existing phone missing device find phone ( locate and scream ) support standard support paid ( $2.99/month or $29.99/year ) security block phishing and malicious websites protect your privacy with privacy advisor backup photo , call history backup transfer data to new phone missing device remote wipe remote lock support premium support avg free security scan whole device and identify and remove viruses with a simple click automatic scans can be run weekly , daily , or on demand check apps for malware before downloading from app stores check web content , emails , and sms for malware before downloading to device theft protection locate lost or stolen device using gps create and display onscreen message remotely lock device and wipe content manage applications remotely sms spam protection basic protection from sms spammers paid ( $9.99 one time charge ? ? ? ) premium sms security all text messages checked for malicious content and spam in real time text message spam blocked at source vip support anti-virus pro customers receive premium level support whenever they need it no disruption anti-virus pro is free of advertising and other disruptions
solved ! found the solution in lenovo 's forum , a1 and a1107 unbrick fix/full factory restore : there have been several instances of people having problems with a1 and a1107 devices . this guide explains how to fix any software issue , including those that " brick " the device , or stop it booting up at all , by restoring the tablet to a completely stock factory state . it can also be used to safely upgrade a gingerbread a1 to ice cream sandwich , by using the a1107 image that corresponds to the storage space that your device has .
according to this thread , this is possible and it is as easy as adding the following line to /etc/vold.fstab: dev_mount sdcard /mnt/sdcard auto SDCARD=/dev/sda7  but i have not tried it myself .
i will recommend dialer one . i am 99% sure it can show contacts without pictures . it has lots of customization options , t9 search in contacts in slew of different languages . i have 900+ contacts and is really fast , i hope it works that way for 2000 contacts . be sure to fiddle with the options after giving it a try .
there might be a possibility that you just disabled google play settings . to check just go into settings> apps> all and search for play settings . if it exists click on it and enable it : ) !
follow the instructions on this website to reinstall google play on your phone . http://www.androidauthority.com/install-google-play-store-312812/
i do not believe you can tag the videos themselves . you cannot actually view them in the native app either , when viewing it takes you to a video player of your choice . as far as creating a post with a video and tagging a post i am not sure about . hope this helps .
unlike the nexus s , the galaxy nexus has the odin download mode . it does have a fastboot mode as well though . so this is normal and you have nothing to worry about . my guess is that samsung just prefers working with odin and did not like having to work without it for the nexus s . or perhaps they had it in the latter but disabled it , and did not bother doing so for the gnex .
i had the same question , and found this app : battery changer . a couple of problems ( that i can overlook ) are : it does not show while the phone is locked it does not hide when another app is in full-screen mode
this xda forums thread sounds like what you are looking for . note that the apk has only been tested on froyo by the author . personally i use battery indicator pro , it can also tell you how much time is left on the battery for various usage scenarios .
you would need a custom rom to change the battery in the notification bar . that information , iirc , is in android . jar and the images are in framework-res . apk . cyanogenmod , for example , lets you remove the battery image for just the % of the battery remaining . the " other methods " are just " hacks " that change the image at every percentage level , and there has to be an image for each level . so it would need ~120 images ( to include the charging states ) . from the look of the picture you posted , you are already running a rom that has a battery mod . you would just now need to create the images you want , and modify the framework-res . apk with the new images . you may also want to go back through your older questions and mark them as answered . 25% accept rate will turn people away from even answering your question .
you probably need to root it to gain access to the protected "/system " file system . xda developer 's has a ( probably ) outdated thread how to do it here . after you suceeded , you can take the usual steps to mod it ( remount /system read-write , copy your edited file over , etc . )
try the widget locker app . it will allow the message preview that scrolls across the notification bar to show . if that is not enough you could install any widget including mail widgets on the lock screen .
do you need to do if from your phone ? because if not , you can just use the gmail desktop interface to do this , i do this quite often and it is fairly easy : go to your contacts ( click Gmail in the upper left corner ) select the contacts you want to export put them in a new group you can call Tmp or something random then click on that group and find the Export menu item in one of the menus ( i think More actions ) export to google csv if the receiver will import them through gmail as well , otherwise you can consider vcard format . the file will download automatically . compose a new mail and put the newly created file as attachment . ( if you used google csv , the contacts can be imported using the same contacts interface just by clicking Import in one of the menus )
open your sms app compose a new message add text and then choose to add contact add your contacts here is a message area copy the text message
i have made an app called vmg converter , you can get it from google play depending on your old phone , it might be able to import your messages from vmg files into android . the app is free .
switch to safe mode . safe mode can be activated by pressing and holding volume down button during boot up process . and then you can easily uninstall the app
make sure you have uninstalled mobo genine market . go to app , and swipe until you see " all " you will see 2 downloads icon there . the downloads with no size is the legit one . keep it , if you long press and select app info you will see that it is something related to your firmware . the 2nd downloads icon is the culprit , with a version of 2.02xx . long press it , select app info then uninstall .
disable both google voice typing ( in the keyboard menu ) as well as voice input key ( under languages ) .
you can read from the whatsapp faq : what does " last seen at . . . " and " online " mean exactly ? " online " means that contact has whatsapp open and is connected to the internet . however , it does not necessarily mean they have read your chat . that clearly stats that a contact with " online " status just needs to have the app opened within an active internet connection .
if you setup both devices to use the same account ( s ) ( for example the same google account for the google apps ) , then they should both synchronize with that account and thus indirectly with each other . theoretically there could be third party apps and accounts that tie their account to a specific device , but i can not say if these actually exist .
i have one found so far paid solution , but there is a 30 day trial to check it out . http://www.rerware.com/android/ ; android app mybackup ; you can backup data and apps , both online and on sd
do not know which book reader you are planning to use , but the kindle app automatically syncs your progress through books , along with any notes and annotations you have made between devices and platforms ( via its proprietary whispersync service ) , and also lets you download the same books onto every device ( as long as you sign in wit the same account ) .
i had the same freezes and all vanished with this kasty firmware . i am so happy like i bought another tablet . go for it !
from the specs about your tablet on http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/pipo_m9_pro they look good . you should check how many apps that you have running at one time , too many apps running can slow down your device . you should check how many apps you have installed , and check that your storage is not completely full . i also believe that you do have a slow internal storage on that device . as far as linking everything to sd , there is a program called link2sd in google play . in order to use this , you will have to be rooted , as well as have a kernel that supports mounting an external partition . if you want to copy something to the card manually from a pc , you would need to find the microsd card slot , take out the micro sd and then plug it into a microsd to sd adapter , or a microsd to usb adapter . then you will be able to transfer files .
fastboot commands are for the bootloader , not recovery , so even if you send the commands from recovery , it would do no good since you would be in recovery , not the bootloader . according to all the information i could find about this " tablet , " including information from hp , indicates that there is no way to access fastboot since there is no usb port and hp does not make a dock-port to usb cable for the tablet . edit : apparently hp does have a cable for it , but it may be difficult to find and is not cheap .
no , there is no way to send a fastboot command from the device itself . when the device is in fastboot mode , it is a very dumb device and can not even give you a shell or turn on the wi-fi . the fastboot program is the only way to send it the command to unlock the bootloader .
the answer to your specific question is , unlikely . you can install an app that has an interface that you can communicate with . communicating with that interface can allow you to know . but other than that , it is unlikely . and you had have to have confirmation on the android to accept the manifest of the app 's requirement list . you may not be fully lost , however , google does have a feature by default that you might be able to track your phone even if you did not install an app . these are some requirement which most people normally have : try google 's android device manager .
go to google play on a computer and try to install an app . after pushing the install/installed button a popup will appear listing the permissions it requires and below that a drop down listing the devices you can install it on . click on the drop down . if it is currently installed it will say " your device already has this item installed " next to the device name . otherwise it will say the last time the device was used . i just tested this by installing an app and canceling it in the middle of the install , then re-installing it , then uninstalling it .
i will not answer the question itself , but the general question on how to find the stolen phone , and for sure the way you trying is not going to get you anywhere . in order to have a chance to find the stolen phone you should have already install any anti theft app like google 's android manager or cerberus or any similar app . of course these apps will work only if the thief has not already uninstalled them or reset the phone and installed a new rom .
have you checked that your device is recognized correctly ? to do this , go to the settings page and check the last used date . you may have multiple entries for the same device if you have switched roms or formatted the phone , and if you are trying to contact an old version of the phone , the install requests will not get to the device . if you have unnecessary entries here , you can hide them by unchecking the " show in menus " checkbox .
what is your android version ? if it is below 3 . x , then you could use the browser to download one of these apps : univeral androot ( desinged for android 2.2 ) z4root ( desinged for android 2.2 ) gingerbreak ( designed for android 2.3 . x ) if it is above 3 . x , then you cannot use this method , as google patched the method used in these cracks .
i have been trying to retrieve the wallpaper as well but found it too difficult . so to solve this i have create the app " wallpaper saver " . it automatically saves your wallpapers and makes it easy to restore an old wallpaper again . it also supports live wallpapers . it is free to use . you can download it from play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree
the wallpaper was in data/data/com.android.settings/files/  on previous versions of android . however it appears that it was moved as part of the multi-user preparations . the current location is data/system/users/0/  the file is conveniently called wallpaper and it is a png file .
for terminal , you can use android terminal emulator ( ate ) . assuming you have copied something to the clipboard , you can long-press in the ate , and you will see a Paste command . there is also a Select text command .
does a malicious android webview break the doublesubmittcookie countermeasure against csrf ? short answer : no . long answer : csrf exploits the trust that a site has in a user 's browser . csrf protection is not intended to protect the server from a malicious user agent or from an untrustworthy user . the user is responsible for choosing a trustworthy browser .
best variant , combining most of your wishes : foldersync . i am using it myself ( pro version after having tested it one day ) , and i am very fond of it . you can setup multiple folder pairs ( which folder on your device should be synchronized with which folder on the " other end" ) for multiple " accounts " , where an " account " simply identifies " the other end " . that can be a cloud service such as dropbox , but as well your windows pc via samba ( windows share ) , or your linux machine via sftp ( ssh ) , some ftp server , . . . foldersync supports a lot of protocols . moreover , the full version has support for tasker , giving you a load of options for when to sync . i use it e.g. to sync my backups : " when charging , and it is 4am , ( optionally more conditions ) , then call the task named ' syncbackups'" ( the latter then tells foldersync to sync multiple backup locations with my linux machine ) . well , if you do not have tasker : foldersync also has a time-based scheduler included . remark : my suggestion lacks the " remote management " on your pc . i am not aware of any all-in solution here , especially for " offline queuing " . when you are at your pc , that is not a big deal : simply copy the files to your sync location on the pc 's end . for other cases , i might be able to add some " online management " using your data connection ( or wifi hotspot ) , depending on the os your pc is running .
on an android device , the internal storage is split into multiple partitions . the data from the custom rom is stored on one partition , and the apps and user data on another . ( generally there are a few other partitions as well . ) because of this , installing a smaller custom rom does not directly give you more free space for data , because they are on a different partition . but if you can make a smaller custom rom , it allows you to repartition the storage to allocate more space to user data . repartitioning the storage is quite risky , as you have to know exactly how large the custom rom is going to be . if the system partition is too small for the rom , it will go wrong when or after you install it . i believe it is more common to simply add some useful apps to the custom rom , to make it up to a similar size as the stock rom . this way , you can avoid installing some large apps in the userdata partition , giving you more space without repartitioning . since updates to pre-installed apps get installed in the userdata partition , not the system partition , even including up-to-date versions of those apps in the custom rom saves space .
you can not disable the pop-up alone , but there are some other options:- you can disable the spell-checker completely . if your keyboard already provides all the spell-check functionality you need , then this might be a good option for you . in language and input in the device settings , untick spell checker . this will disable the pop-up and the red underlining for misspelled words . you can change the language of the spell-checker . from language and input in the device settings , click the settings icon next to spell checker , then the globe icon on the next screen . you can only have one language at a time in the default spell-checker , so this might not be helpful . you can install a replacement spell-checker . android allows other apps to provide the spell-check functionality in place of the built-in spell-checker . a different spell-checker might allow you to have more than one language enabled . once you have installed the spell-checker , enable it from the same screen described in the above alternative . in case some visitors are confused about the diffrence between the keyboard and the spell-checker , see this screenshot , from the android developers ' site : the red underlining , and the vertical menu of suggested corrections , are both provided by the spell-checker . most soft-keyboards also include a list of suggested word completions , which are usually in a horizontal line above the keyboard . here you can see ":" and " ; " , and the rest are hidden by the spell-checker 's pop-up .
i have not seem any such options or settings for any device so far . you can try these apps lightflow lite adjbrightness but i doubt these would work properly . ( i can not check as my device does not have led notification light . ) i believe this kind of things are only doable via custom roms . you would have to check your device development forums . start here - huwaei u8860 - xda-developers . i do not think you can get an universal solution . if there has been a way to do it via android apis it would already be in settings i believe .
i just found an app which works nicely without root for the sony z1 compact : disable charging led maybe this is worth a try for you , too .
i am not sure that an app could get the low-level access needed to turn of the led while charging . your best bet is a custom rom that has this low-level access and provides an api for an app or user setting . i would look at cyanogen mod .
just use vroot n your done n will be rooted 4.2.2 hp slate 21
first ativate usb debugging , use an app for this or tap 7 times in the option menue tablet . use the side usb port . for pc . . . edit the usb fingerprint for drivers . . . goto the hp help forum and questions . . howto adb with slate 21 . use pc , mac want work until new kernel update like linux the driver is in kernel 3.9 . adept the driver handish in device manager . . . auto install dont work . also you need the other stuff from sdk , the new adb tools . this one is to new . . so no driver and unsupported by hp .
give cydia impactor a try - it works on the tnote 7 and hp slate 8 .
i am using a to a usb cable that works . adb works and flash boot there is a adb fingerprint for drivers at hp3 forum . unlocking boot loader also no problem . root do not work with the normal stuff , and the chinese program 's also failed . wait for a tegra4 like version hope will come soon , think its hacked until christmas .
ota update went out already . you should have gotten it automatically . what does Settings |About phone | Version number say ? what about Build number ?
about phone -> system updates .
other than storing them in seperate locations and specifying where the files you want are or manually going into google music on your pc or phone and deleting them , no . but even if you delete them once the music manager catchs them missing and you havnt changed the folder it will reupload them at least it used to .
cyanogenmod 7.1 has exactly this feature , but without faking data , only failing , if the app accesses the api . proposition for faking the imei was rejected . faking other data , like contacts , is currently under discussion .
it is a logical solution for a potential problem and a long time irritation of mine . however , you must remember that whatever solutions are available for a security application would also be available for a malware app . if a security app could block net access then a malware app could block it also , stopping a security app from updating data files for instance . it needs to be done at the system level , not as another application . see my post here for my thoughts .
there is an ongoing research on this this subject . a non yet released proof of concept is implemented for some of the privacy sensitive apis exactly as i proposed . the privacy manager is called tissa , short for taming information-stealing smartphone applications .
a translated version of the chinese version of lbe is available on xda developers , and it works very well on jelly bean . apparently the chinese version is still actively developed . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1422479
xprivacy is a module for xposed framework which does exactly what you need . it is free and open source . works on rooted devices . download framework apk from here : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer module apk : http://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer source : https://github.com/m66b/xprivacy?mobile=0#xprivacy
this is no sandbox application , but perhaps it is also interesting for you , if you havn't already heard about it . some scientists startet the project taintdroid . realtime privacy monitory for android
i am fairly certain that tool that you seek does not exist yet . but your idea is great . few point though ; ofc ; app can freely read and write it is own app directory giving fake read acces : for every possible read ( and there is a lot app can try to read ) default response should be generate ; lot a work but doable however ; giving fake write access is lot harder ; what if it uses sd card to store big temp files ; like bitmaps . on unrooted phone ; only place app can write is sd card ; and using content provider ( for stuff like contacts , and calendar ) . and app desiger is not expecting to fail in writing data ; so app could crash . good thing is that the worst that could happen is that app might crash .
whisper systems has come out with a custom rom that has this exact feature : http://www.whispersys.com/permissions.html. as darthnoodles mentions , it has to be done at the system level rather than the app level , which is how it is implemented in whispercore . the current version is not able to block all of the permissions available on android , but they are working on supporting more of them .
there is an excellent tool pdroid . it is both an app and a set of rom patches , which enable intercepting and faking permission requests . here are the pdroid jellybean rom fork patches
there is an app shield application . it essentially repackages . apk with permissions removed from manifest . brilliant idea for stock , non rooted phones . subject to crashes ( force closes ) , though , as with current cyanogenmod approach .
not an absolute solution to your problem , but there is an app in the android market which caters to your needs . it also necessarily requires better knowledge about permissions and also a rooted device . permissions denied is an app which allows you to effectively control the permissions that apps which are installed onto your phone , via the market or some other source . also be aware that denying an app a permission that it is requesting may result in the app force closing . ( hence requiring you to have better knowledge on how to use it ) note : this app requires root access . this app will not work on all device .
lbe privacy guard appears to be a very promising solution with interactive features to block or allow application activity on the fly .
there is a privacy blocker ( paid ) and privacy inspector ( free ) applications . privacy blocker does a static analysis of applications for sensitive api calls and rewrites these calls into stub ones which return fake data . as a result a new . apk with rewritten application is generated and installed . privacy inspector is an app which only reports the use of sensitive api calls .
mockdroid is another academic firmware with data faking capabilities .
that is very odd . normally there should be no auto-update of the device software , and other updates will require a reboot . try the following : hold both volume buttons and the power button wait until the phone reboots , keep holding release the power button about 1 second after the white text with your phone model appears onscreen , keeping holding the volume buttons recovery mode should appear select " reinstall packages " or similar
if your mobile is slow try to get a task killer from play store . it will kill apps that are open in your background and are not needed . ( addendum not needed ! - edit ) and to answer your last question i recently had to downgrade my xperia u from 4.0.4 to 2.3.7 . it is actually easier then it sounds , the process is the same when upgrading , you just have to download a few things ; d remember : flashing will delete everything on your phone so make sure you backup your mobile . note back up your phone via sony 's pc companion suite before proceeding follow the steps : get the following : flashtool , found on github your xperia firmware xperia u firmware 2.3.7: found on 4shared site ( put this one in a place that is " clean " best option desktop ) install flashtool go to your phone 's settings > developer options/usb debugging ( and check that option ) connect your phone to the pc ( usb ) before you continue go to the folder where you installed flashtool , open flashtool 's drivers folder and run the installer . ( flashtools\drivers ) in that installer select your phone and click next . warning : xperia u is next to xperia p it is not hard to find but you can easily miss it . after installing proceed to step 5 . open flashtools ( click yes if anything pops up , it could take a few second sto open ) click the thunder-like symbol select flashmode and click ok . ( not flashboot mode ! ) click the ( . . . ) in front of the first line of the windows that will pop up select the place where you saved file from the above step ii on . ( this could be a bit tricky if you can not find the place on that explorer copy/paste the file to the desktop to make it easier . the file will not appear in the window - do not worry it will detect it and load it automatically . ) make sure everything on the wipe area is checked and that on the exclude area nothing is checked . misc should be checked too ( this is to prevent errors during the downgrade ) follow the on-screen instructions . it will ask you to press a back button , on the xperia u it is the volume down button . for some reason you have to unplug the cable from the pc too . after you turn off the mobile plug back in the usb to the pc and then press and hold the volume down key on your phone ( keep it pressed and when you plug the usb back in the led 's will light up green . ) you can stop pressing the button when the process starts on flashtool 's window . wait until it is over , you can leave it . it should only take a few seconds your mobile will reboot when it is over . do not panic if you can not understand what it says the file your installing is from t-mobile 's hu region . after it starts and you enter your sim pin , it will take you again through the configuration . you will have some apps on your mobile from t-mobile , just uninstall them if you want . remember : flashing will delete everything on your phone so make sure you backup your mobile . hope i helped !
select input method apparently lets you open the ime dialog via a single long press on the search button . you can use the sim test to try this out before paying for the app . however , since most modern phones do not have a search button , this app has limited usefulness . comments suggest that pie control can provide a soft search key which can then be used to activate select input method . however , i found that i was unable to map search to a " slice of pie " on my 4.1.2 galaxy s3 ( despite being able to map other controls like home ) .
if you are running on version 4 . x you can change it from the notification bar or if your running on 2 . x you can hold down where you are inputting the text and change it from there .
go to settings -> call settings -> additional settings and find call waiting option ( its may be in different address in android 2.3 ) . enable call waiting it if is not already . if it was already enabled , but you never here beeps or receive notifications when another call happens , i think you should check with or consult your operator .
in samsung galaxy ace plus settings -> call -> set reject messages
you can edit them by going to : Dialer (Phone app) -&gt; Settings -&gt; Quick Responses  i have tested it on android 4.0.4 cyanogenmod 9 .
after frustrating research i found the solution . the guy who flashed my phone from us cellular to clear talk messed up . soulution open dialer enter *#22745927 when enable/disable menu comes up tap " hidden menu disabled " select " enable " on popup press home button open dialer dial **87284 when phoneutil opens select pda tap qualacomm usb setting select dm+modem+adb tap ok ( remember after flashing to return and put phone back to mtp+adb ) all props go to this page http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2270191 there is other devices listed there as well .
omnirom is already rooted , if anything you might have to install su . as to the problem with your primary rom on multirom , reflash the primary over the top of itself , then when complete install multirom again . as long as you did not wipe data , your other roms should still be intact . . . . . my primary rom in multirom got glitchy , so i did what i recommended to you and its working perfect again
this thread over at xda seems to be a pretty good start on this kind of resource . edit : i just noticed that the op in that thread admitted that most of the codes listed would not work in 2.2 . bummer . edit 2: found another one . no indication of whether these codes have been tested and if so what device/rom was used .
if it works like other " hot boot " apps and functions , then it basically restarts the android gui processes/threads . there was an xda news post a while back after someone made an app for it where the app author described it as such : hot reboot by rebooting only the graphical android shell . from what i know it is sort of equivalent to restarting your x server in a linux environment ( like hitting ctrl + alt + backspace , for example ) . i would definitely doubt that you had cause any damage by restarting your graphical environment , especially considering other oses do this pretty easily , but i suppose there is an outside chance if miui implements it strangely . typically the reason people use a " hot boot " option is if the ui has somehow gotten sluggish and would benefit from a restart but they want to save time by not restarting the whole system ( maybe a memory leak in the ui or something of that sort ) . it could also be useful if you need to restart the ui to apply some sort of change , like a theme perhaps .
for external headsets you would be better looking at the incredible range of bluetooth enabled headsets for mobiles . i doubt that there will be any support for the current desktop usb based ones anytime soon as its not the focus of android atm . a hardware vendor would have to write the drivers for them , or an opensource effort . i was just playing with the new native sip voip on android 4 and its now deeply integrated . i was using the voip account that my home phone uses so my when someone call my house my mobile also rings and uses the wifi , very cool i wonder if this will pick off .
your sim card needs to be cleaned , also your sim card reader should be cleaned/serviced . your connection to phone is not completely ok just because of either your sim card is too old and have been used a lot of times in different phones , thus it needs to replaced in this case . if not , then try solution number 1 .
many have tried . it is arguable whether anyone succeeded yet or not . the big ones are motorola 's motoblur , htc 's senseui , samsung 's touchwiz - they all try to bring together the disconnected social aspects of different applications such as e-mail , text messages , and various social networks . each does it differently , with varying degrees of success . unfortunately these are not stand-alone products . they usually come pre-installed with their respective manufacturers ' devices , and overhaul more than just social aspects . there are also 3rd-party apps and widgets that attempt to do this merge . one of the best that i have used is slidescreen . i did not like the fact that it replaces your launcher , but it sounds like exactly what you are looking for .
this is most certainly due to network restrictions . for instance 3g connections on orange ( uk ) are dropped if you hit it with " too many " requests in a short period of time . this is very easy to do with a pc , just open a dozen tabs on a browser and the 3g connection is dropped .
i have found solution . i.e. i found how to organize stable internet through my phone using 3g . it could be done by lg pc suite , tools-> " internet connection using your phone " . it works without needing to switch anything in phone . but i still wondering why simple usb tethering does not work .
anandtech did some testing with the evo 4g and found the battery life to be the same when using 4g as when using 3g . http://www.anandtech.com/show/3791/the-sprint-htc-evo-4g-review/12 it is the only semi-scientific testing i have seen . i find that in portland , oregon 4g coverage is spotty so if i leave 4g enabled the battery drains faster . my guess is that it takes more battery power to search for unavailable 4g networks .
so i can not give you a scientific ( or even semi-scientific ) answer , but i can give you an anecdotal one based on my experience over the past couple months . . we have 4g here in atlanta , and while it works most everywhere i go during the day , i have found myself leaving it off most of the time because it has a noticeable impact on battery drain . the way i understand it , the 4g radio is separate from the 3g radio , and i am not sure the 4g radio turns " off " the 3g . i say this because when you use 4g it is possible to receive data during a voice call , which you can not do otherwise . that said , using the 4g widget it is really easy to flip it on when you need it , and leave it off when you do not . it is not inconvenient , and will help your battery life . .
from google 's mobile privacy policy : for products and services with voice recognition capabilities , we collect and store a copy of the voice input you make to the product or service and corrections you make to the returned recognition result . to improve processing of your voice input , we may also continuously record in temporary memory a few seconds of ambient background noise . this recording stays only temporarily on the device and is not sent to google . if you choose to personalize voice recognition , we will associate your voice data with your google account .
settings > > applications > > manage applications and selected " clear cache " and " clear data " for ( where applicable )
a hard reset gave me the solution . .
titanium backup pro can do that . [ ✔ ] restore individual apps+data from cwm backups ! similar question .
in addition to the well-known titanium backup app ( for which you must purchase the pro key to unlock the cwm/twrp nandroid backup support ) , there is another app now : nandroid manager , which according to its description can restore apps from nandroid backups even with the free version ( there is a pro key too , but it is required if you want to restore special data such as wi-fi access points , bluetooth data , user dictionary and browser data ) . however , i did not try using this app .
i got the tablet and yes ! it does have 1080p output . : )
find the app that took over the pdf intent in Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All , and then tap on Clear defaults button . next time you click on a pdf file , it should prompt you which app to use . check the Use by default for this action box , and tap on ezpdf reader . alternatively , you can try uninstalling and re-installing the ezpdf reader app . it should re-register its own intent for handling pdfs , and prompt you for an app next time you try to view one .
there is an app for that ! ! try default app manager on the android market which can take care of both clearing and setting defaults for various categories like pictures , audio , video , pdf etc . really makes life very easy .
the latest update of the nook color software version 1.4.1 allows you to change the default pdf reader . after the upgrade open a pdf and then a pop up box will appear allowing you to choose which application you want as the default pdf reader .
download google play store here [ http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1996995 ] . install it from file manager by clicking apk file . convert to system app via titaniumbackup if you have already bought it as this feature is only available in pro version . or use this app [ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.systemappmover ] which is free . you can also move to /system/app folder manually and then set the right permission [ and generate odex file ] but using app to convert app to system app is safer option .
it is possible to send emails to sms inboxes . but you can not send a sms to an email inbox given you do not have an internet connection . you must already know that emails require internet connectivity . as you asked , sms gateways can be used to send and receive smses provided you are subscribed to a sms line via a Direct-to-mobile or a Direct-to SMS gateway . simply put , you cannot use this functionality with your normal sim card , if you are willing to do it in an offline method . read more about sms gateways in wikipedia . on a side note , if you can go online ( say mobile data ) , you can do this by way of a mms . all you have to do is to send the mms to the desired email address . some of the gateway addresses for email to sms are listed below . alltel : phonenumber@message . alltel . com at and t : phonenumber@txt . att .nett-mobile : phonenumber@tmomail .netvirgin mobile : phonenumber@vmobl . com sprint : phonenumber@messaging . sprintpcs . com verizon : phonenumber@vtext . com nextel : phonenumber@messaging . nextel . com us cellular : phonenumber@mms . uscc .netkeep in mind that most of the networks tend to block and/or alter their gateways once the traffic is considerably high , as this method is widely used by spammers .
i have just released an open source svn client that uses actual svn protocol . . . it is called oasvn ( open android svn ) you can get it on the play market here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.valleytg.oasvn.android does svn checkout , update , commit , export , cleanup and revert . more to come soon . more information and source are here : http://www.valleytg.com jira for requests : http://www.valleytg.com/jira
it looks like there is been a little work porting svnkit to android ( see this ) , but actual source code is not sitting around for anyone to use yet . it is a little bit incredibly gross , but you could try introducing another syncing setup . something like dropbox to store and sync files on your phone , and then commit the changes when you get to a machine with an svn client . this is obviously less than ideal .
installing new apps can be done using adb tool from the android sdk : platform-tools\adb.exe install abc.apk  same for downloading files : platform-tools\adb.exe pull /sdcard/filexyz  or you use a gui for adb like droidexplorer . via wlan you can use a software that shares the android file system via http or ftp . for example if you use swiftp and change the shared folder from /sdcard to / you can access every file on the phone . a connection via adb is also possible in case you have a rooted phone - eg . via adb wireless .
you can connect the device to the pc with a usb cable and access it via explorer in the same way that you would a thumb drive . in addition , i like using dropbox to sync files in a wireless fashion . i find this to be much easier and does not restrict movement of handset .
if you get the " read-only " , you can input " adb remount "
you mean desktop windows , right ? if you are using eclipse , you can pull/push files using the ddms perspective . you can also use the command line tools to accomplish the same . have a look at android sdcard question . hth , akshay
i have never used it but i remember reading about key ring rewards cards . try that and see what you think . edit : i also tried searching the market for " loyalty cards " and came up with this list of apps . i was going to specifically name some but as i have not tried them i thought it best that i just give you the list . seems there are quite a few that will help you manage your cards
i figured it out . it was the kernel that came with liquid smooth rom . the kernel developer , chevyno1 ( of simply stunning mod ) , disabled logging in the kernel . i switched to a different kernel by jdlfg and logging immediately turned on with the next boot .
the rom might call " rm /dev/log/main " during init to cripple logcat . if you can find that line and remove it logcat should be happy .
i found this discussion at modaco about the issue . it includes cards that people have tried and found to work . the generally consensus seems to be that sandisk 16 gb class 2 cards work . kingston 16 gb class 4 worked for a couple people , but not for another until they tried deleting everything on it via windows xp . i personally would not go lower than a class 4 card , and i am partial to kingston .
this is not the resolution you are looking for , but i would like to share that i have same problem with you . the blank circle appeared a few days ago . there is no blank circle when i check google+ web page , but there is a mysterious circle with no name ( blank name ) when i use google+ android app . i tried to uninstall and reinstall google+ app , but it did not resolve the problem . only a few people have reported this problem , and there is a post related to this on google group too . i hope it can be fixed soon .
a new version of the app came out today ( 2.2.0.233662 ) with " numerous bug fixes " mentioned in the " what is new " text . this apparently is one of the fixes . everything is back to normal now .
there is no alternative for kies . kies is the only offical way to update samsung 's android devices . to unofficially flash/update samsung devices odin ( for windows ) and heimdall ( for linux ) are the de facto standard . these two a very reliable .
try running your logic in another thread or in async task 's doinbackground
in android notification settings can be configured on a per-app basis . most apps give you control over sound and vibration settings . these can be overridden with the global " ring mode " setting located under menu -> system -> sound . changing the gmail notifications will not impact hangouts , facebook , or other apps . furthermore , in gmail app you can have different notification settings for each account ( and even per each synced label within each account ) : in gmail , tap on the menu button , go to settings , and tap on your google account . tap on " inbox sound and vibrate " option . set the sound and vibration preferences to your liking , and exit the settings page .
first , launchers are apps like all other apps you can install . which means : per se , there should be no problems -- but they of course might have bugs and , in rare cases , side effects . again , this is not limited to launchers . so far for the " generic info " . now specifically for the launcher : after having installed a launcher ( nova should be fine , apex might be another choice close to nova ) , when he presses the home key to switch to the home screen , he will be asked which launcher to chose . so still he is got the choice to use the miui launcher or his " custom one " . on every press of the home button . until he decides to always use one of the two , and marks the check button to remember his choice ( "always use . . . " ) . now on home key press , it is always that launcher being started . if at a later time he wants to switch back : still no problem . the " decision popup " will come again if one of the following conditions are met : he installed another launcher one of the installed launchers receives an update more than 2 launchers were installed , and the current default launcher is uninstalled in settings&rarr ; applications , the settings of the current default launcher are opened , and the " clear defaults " button is pushed some " default apps " manager was used to trigger it so in short : i would expect no trouble . some special features of the miui launcher might not be available in other launchers , some specific miui widgets ( specifically built for the miui launcher ) might not work with the other launcher -- but if he wants , he can always return/swtich or even revert his changes .
well , you will lose home launcher . that is it . every other miui feature will be intact :- )
did you try " volume up + menu button + power button " ? that should get you to recovery mode and you should have an option there to factory reset your phone .
hold down the volume down button while booting and go into ' safe mode ' . go to the developer menu and turn it off . reboot .
if you are using yahoo , and have recently changed your yahoo account passowrd , then this will cause the social hub app to get caught in a loop and drain the battery delete the yahoo account and recreating it should fix the issue ( you may need to reboot and use the phone offline before it will let you delete the account ) regards ian
this app is a russian application erroneously installed as a " system " app ( same package name as the email hub ) . if you are rooted you can use something like titanium backup to remove the app . otherwise you can try these instructions from an android authority article : removing the application on un-rooted devices seems much harder , however success has been reported by clearing the play store’s data and cache from settings> applications – afterwards , just launch the android market application to re-acquire the current market state and google play application .
i eventually just stopped using the app . not worth my headache . thanks for the help .
there is a clockview app . in google play store . it is a best-efforted always on clock . please read the app . descriptions . link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kimscom.clockview
keepscreen can let you choose some applications and select a specific screen timeout for each of them . so you could just set the clock application with the " no timeout " option .
i am not sure but if you go to calenendars -> menu -> more -> calendars , you can choose which calendar to show . maybe this will help if you are talking about calendar of phone .
these are the steps i took on my htc desire running android version 2.2 to delete all calendar data , and in turn the pc sync calendar : on the phone , open settings > applications > manage applications click the “all” tab at the top of the screen scroll down and tap the calendar storage application tap the “clear data” button , and confirm you’d like to proceed . now all the calendar data is gone from the phone , running your sync processes again to populate only the calendars you want on your phone .
i just got back from a two week family roadtrip , and we used the android maps and gps nearly every day . the simplest solution i found was to use google navigation . it kept the gps active , even if i put the app in the background , powered off the screen , or locked the screen .
the only way i know how to do this is through tasker . you can use a tasker profile to set the gps to stay on when the screen turns off . you can also use a profile to keep gps running while the app is open . the only draw back is the price tag ( i am pretty sure it is $5.95 on the market ) , but you will use this app for more than just keeping gps on , i can promise you that . if you do end up going this route and need help setting up the profile let me know .
full instructions can be found here . in short : install sdk get the fastboot . exe and place in your sdk/tools turn on usb debugging on phone connect to pc via usb using adb , run adb reboot bootloader at the bootloader , run fastboot oem unlock accept dialog to unlock bootloader start phone , phone will reboot , do not battery pull ! afterwards , you can get root access .
solution : clear the app cache . after i cleared the app cache , the " send as " was functioning as it did before the update . does this fall under as a duplicate of : app x is not working correctly . how can i fix it ?
no , it is designed like that by the app 's developers , so you can not . though for youtube , if you are rooted , there is a xposed module called green youtube that have an option to play music from youtube in background ( but it does not work on my phone ) .
this may or may not work for you and do it at your own risk but i jut rooted and loaded a custom rom to a lg optimus s that many had said could not be done because of the ota update that would put it out of the reach of the exploit . it required a little extra work , but was doable and only took me about 2 hours . now i am not 100% certain this will work for you because i do not have this particular device to try , but , the foundation of the rooting method is valid for it and should work for this as well , no harm in trying . get the drivers specific to your device from lg if you can find it and if not just get it here , this is not related to me but i got some stuff from them in the past and its been clean . then after that , try following the instructions put out here , note its for the optimus s but the way to do it is the same for pretty much all the optimus line , its your driver that is important and you can get that . you can use the manual method if you know what you are doing and are comfortable with it , that is how i did it but you can also download the optiauto.zip or .exe to do it as well so its somewhat automated for you . good luck with it , let us know how it goes and if you run into anything that you can not figure out , shoot me a message here and i will see what i can do for you .
this budget device has been largely sold to prepaid phone carriers and they are not part of large development community . so , there is no official root method for this device yet . however , i hope this blog post will help you .
go to Contacts &gt; [Sitting Button] &gt; More &gt; Accounts . be sure the following are checked : background data . auto-sync .
Contacts/People &gt; Menu &gt; Contacts to Display &gt; select your gmail account to display .
check your androidmanifest . xml and see if you have below prezented : there is no button for tablets : ) you have to make it available for that type of screen . hope this helps .
no , the s4 can not read mifare classic cards . the main problem is that nxp does not license the reader-side of its proprietary mifare classic technology ( specifically the use of the ( broken ) crypto-1 algorithm ) to other chip manufacturers . as a result , the broadcom nfc controller inside the s4 does not support communication with such cards . this alone would not be too difficult to circumvent . the crypto-1 algorithm has been reverse-engineered and published , so it could easily be implemented in software within an android app . however , the mifare classic protocol does not fully comply to iso/iec 14443-3 ( nfc-a ) in that the authentication command uses a non-standard frame format . as a result , the communication facilities accessible on android ( the closest would be the NfcA tag technology , that requires adherence to iso/iec 14443-3 framing ) can not be used to communicate with mifare classic tags .
unfortunately , the nfc technology in mobile devices is ever-so-slightly different from rfid tech , making most cards unreadable . i was trying for the longest time to read hid cards on my phone , but i could never make it work . some cards are readable , depending on the frequency in which they operate . i can not remember off the top of my head what those are , however . this app on play will read all the cards that your nfc chip technologically is compatible with : nfc tag info according to the developer , that app can read mifare classic cards .
webmemo does a similar thing , but seems a bit more at hand as it uses the share page menu , instead of having you manually input the url - as with the fore-mentioned save webpage
there is an application called save webpage which will let you do it , i do not know of any other way to do it in the stock browser .
follow this video tutorial for the galaxy s4 stock email app , and make sure you activate sync email option . maybe you will have to remove and re-add your email account . also you can try with other email account ( s ) you have , in order to discard an issue of verizon 's own mail servers .
the limit is actually placed on virtual size of the downloaded area . the upper limit is approximately 80mb of data , and the lower limit is smaller than maps displays , somewhere below 100kb , equivalent to around . 6 square miles . here is one place that mentions the 80mb limit . in my own testing , i was able to download up to 87mb of data , which is approximately 5625 square miles . this may have been coincidence , but in my testing , the allowable size ranged from a square . 75 miles on a side to a square 75 miles on a side .
busybox does not include bc , but it does include the reverse polish notation calculator dc . since busybox can be installed from several installers on google play , this is probably the easiest way to get a command-line-based calculator on android . alternatively , i have heard that bc can be compiled for android quite easily using the android ndk , so if you are comfortable with compiling software you could do this .
it was a configuration issue on the program listening on port 80 on the laptop end .
i had same experience once where i was stuck at a boot loop after flashing a nightly release of a custom rom . i tried flashing several other rom but to no avail . the reason it happened on my galaxy nexus was because i had the option automatic restore enabled . you can find this option at settings -> backup and reset -> automatic restore . my fix was to execute the following command : fastboot -w  this command erased the userdata and cache and i managed to boot my device successfully . in case you do not know what fastboot is , it is a tool that is available from android sdk . before proceeding with fastboot i suggest you to try flashing some other roms .
i had the same issue long ago with my g1 . i forgot to wipe dalvik cache . it is an option in the recovery menu , you should do that .
assisted gps is a system which can improve the startup performance of a gps satellite-based positioning system . wikipedia has your best answer .
that should be /sdcard/Downloads , replace /sdcard with wherever your " data storage " is . you can also access them using the app " downloads " .
i found another solution : have a look at /data/system/uiderrors.txt . there you will find the apps that are responsible for the trouble . you can delete them ( manualy if necessary ) to fix the issue . reinstalling the apps brings the error back , though .
usually a hard-reset should be sufficient . but as i do not know how you performed it : it cannot hurt to repeat it . there is a " factory reset " option in your menus ( usually in the " privacy " section ) . what this does is rawly explained by its name : reset everything to the state of delivery . it purges the /data partition -- which is , all user data : installed apps ( except those " in the rom " , which came pre-installed ) along with all apps data and settings , plus wipe the cache -- then reboot . the next startup will take a bit longer , as android needs to rebuild the dalvik cache ( which basically contains device-optimized versions of your apps , simply spoken ) . so after that , everything should be clean -- and you need to configure everything as if you just got a fresh phone . i do not know which uuids it is referring to -- without the exact error message this is hard to tell . but as said , the factory reset should fix this . by 1 . plus , to be absolutely sure , a clean and empty sd card . to make sure the latter is really clean and empty , you can use a card reader to attach it directly to your computer , and check its contents there . formatting should not really be necessary -- just make sure there are no files left , especially also no " hidden ones " . following methods are available to initiate a " factory reset " aka " factory wipe": the corresponding item in setup -> privacy a " call to the magic number *2767*3855#" turn on your phone . press both volume up + home + search buttons for 5 sec . ( this last item is taken from hard-reset . com )
is your phone sim-locked ? maybe additional encryption crosses some encryptions that are already there . it would be really helpful if you could introduce us to steps you made to encrypt/decrypt your device because the reason probably lies there . if after decrypting back it works all right it is definitely not sim card itself faulty .
applications often have a restore in-app purchase option in the settings . other applications may ask you to " buy again " the item , but you are not actually spending any money again . it is often mentioned how you can restore your purchases in the application 's description on google play or in the help category of the application ( if any ) . you can always contact the developer for more information . ( note that we are talking about non-consumables purchases , it means purchases that are permanently associated with one 's google account . more information . )
you can just press " refresh"-- and it will really give you second-by-second changes so long as the person you are looking at has their gps on . if location is set to " network"- then it only updates when they change towers . this is much more battery-efficient , it seems .
according tho this post , that feature was removed as of version 5.10 of google maps app because it was never properly working .
on the app details page , you can scroll to the bottom of the page . you will find a link under permissions saying " view details " . that will open a popup page that will display all the permission categories with expanded view and list all the permissions the app needs , including the new ones required with " new " tag .
the official firmware runs touchwiz , which is a known resourcehog , in addition to 2 . x having known occasional performance issues with the mediascanner . i recommend flashing the latest stable cyanogenmod release . although you will sacrifice a few features , such as fm radio - which can be restored with specific kernels and apps which use the functionality , it is very much worth the initial time investment in aspects of performance .
had the exact same problem . it went away when i uninstalled the facebook app .
i am not sure what you ask for but the cwm recovery saved my data , how can i view it ? if you mean backups , they had be in your sd card . fastboot cmd> fastboot flash system system . img &lt ; waiting for device > ! ! that usually means a driver problem if you can boot into bootloader properly . interesting link with un-bricking guide
android will not run anything from the app as soon as you install it . an app can only set alarms , register broadcast receivers , etc . after the first time you run it manually , for example by : launching one of its activities from the launcher clicking open in the play store app creating a home screen or lock screen widget provided by this app starting it from another app ( via a share action or the like ) this is not a complete list , but it should be pretty obvious what actions start the app . if you have not started the app , it can not have run yet , unless the author is able to exploit a bug in android that no one else knows about . this is very different to the situation on desktop oses . in windows and most gnu/linux package managers , installing an application consists of running code provided by the app author . in contrast , android is designed to limit what apps can do . android itself installs the package by reading its manifest , which tells android the name of the package and what components it contains . android unpacks the app 's files to its own private directory in internal storage , without running any code provided by the app . if the app wants to do any further setup ( such as performing an anti-piracy check , or getting you to sign into a server ) , it can only do this when you first run the app .
your confusion is most likely caused by the way the playstore handles installs/updates . they are first downloaded and stored in internal storage ( not on sdcard , but /data/local ) , then the app is to be installed on the same partition ( /data/data/app.package.name ) -- only after that the download can be deleted . in your case , this would mean a 12m download , which then needs to be unpacked ( at least another 12m , or rather more ) -- which could sum up to 30m or more . a safety margin needs to be kept to keep the device from crashing -- so you get the " insufficient storage " error . see also : package install via market sometimes fails and gives seemingly random error message
there is a difference for multiple reasons : the app settings menu takes a few seconds to update the amount of storage an app takes up [ and ] apps sometimes delete/add data to their data folders . this causes the amount of storage to change often . you may get the insufficient storage space if an app expands and extracts needed libs and data when it is installed - this can cause the insufficient storage error .
es can read/write to protected folders , you just have to enable it in your settings . open the settings menu ( press the menu button , then select " settings" ) and find the " root settings " item , then enable " root explorer " ( operate with root permission ) and " mount file system " ( allow writing to /system ) . alternatively , many devices/android versions should allow you to simply put the bootanimation . zip file into /data/local instead of /system/media . you will not need a root explorer for this since /data/local is world writable . this does not work on all roms , though . screenshots for the es settings :
here 's a couple of answers to start with : email hangouts ( or any other im app ) , which usually require the other person to be logged in . glympse - send a check-in glympse to their mobile number with a message . they will get it as a text . using some sms gateway either via web ( browser ) or a specific sms app supporting this using a messenger app like tango , skype , or line
found this on xda : you can solve safestrap installation issues by downloading the selinux mode changer app from the play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mrbimc.selinuxhl=en . install the app and set selinux to permissive . done ! please thank @maribou for this great find ! source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2787681 i had the exact same issue and this worked for me .
you could try elixir 2 . it lets you add different kinds of toggle widgets , including mute widgets .
you can remap either of the volume buttons to be a power button . i have remapped my volume up button to power button . to remap , you should have rooted phone , with terminal emulator and busybox application you can edit the file /usr/system/keylayout/herring-keypad . kl change the line key 115 VOLUME_UP WAKE  to key 115 POWER WAKE  and reboot your phone .
here 's a similar question : how can i boot my nexus s with a broken power button ? can only boot to &quot ; do not turn off target&quot ; best thing to do is get the power button replaced . it is not too expensive . you can also try the battery or bump tricks described in that chapter to try to get your nexus s to boot while plugged into usb , but that seems like a short term solution .
you can fix this issue by simply opening the phone up by removing the 6 screws on the back , and fixing the power button yourself . what is happening is there is a ribbon connector that goes from the power button to the circuit board and this becomes loose and disconnects itself . you can simply press on it and reconnect it to the board to fix the power button issues . this will only be a temporary fix , as the phone is a poor design and will become disconnect more and more frequently . but this can at least let you use your phone .
have you tried gpsfix kind of apps from play store ? and take a look at web site samsung galaxy s2 gps problem ? solved ! which talks about how a battery saving option ( disabling repetitive polling of gps data ) causes fix issues and how it can be tweaked using another app , gps control for sgs2 which is mentioned there . before starting with these two , just for ruling out false alarms , can you try getting a fix with your internet connectivity on and in open place where you can see sky like in fields ? all said and done , i still do not know why magnetic north is flipped in your case !
does the gps work with the stock rom of your mobile ? if yes then the problem seems to come from cm . if jelly bean is not available as stock rom for your mobile it is likely that the gps will not work with cm jelly bean because then the necessary drivers are likely to be missing .
a reboot seems to fix the problem reliably , but this is an unacceptable solution .
found it for my sgs2 with jellybean rainbox rom , and read about it on a nexus forum : you should disable google location in settings . reboot your phone and enable it again . gps fixes right away now ; - )
i found a solution in this answer in the xda forum . to generalize and hopefully be of use to others , the key point seems to be that even if you think you have the right rom for the right device , it might be that your particular model has very slight differences . in my case , if i understand correctly , i was using roms built for the gt-i9100 model of the samsung galaxy s2 . however , the device issued in japan , the sc-02c , has some very slight differences . so , i needed to get be more particular about which software i downloaded .
it will probably not help you for now but maybe next time . if you are in an edit contact screen and you press on the home button before you saved the contact , there are chances that this screen would still be active but you need to get back into the app using the " recent apps " list . in my case ( galaxy s3 ) , if i long-press the home button it shows me the list of recently used applications and if i select one from the list it goes back to it in the state it was before i pressed home . if i go back to the same application by re-selecting it from the main screen icon then it goes back to the default view of the application . and this rule is true for a lot of applications , that is why i always use the " recent apps " list when multitasking to prevent the app to start again from the default view .
sorry but there is no way to recover the phone number unless that persons number called/text you or you made a call/text to that person . if you did that you could go into your call history and see the made/missed call and then add it to your contacts . a habit to get into is dial the number first and then hang up . that way its in your call history . then from your call history add the number to your contacts and add additional info such as name , address and email . if you do this and forget to click save at least you still have the telephone number on your phone .
it is entirely possible that there simply are no cards to display . if you do not have a wireless connection on , for instance , it can not fetch data to populate cards for viewing . available cards also depend on several other factors such as whether the gps is on , whether you allow google to track you/your data , and what country you live in ( most now cards are us-centric ; living in canada , the only ones that ever come up for me are weather and " time to travel " navigation cards )
press home button and then slide to the search icon . you should be able to see " show more cards " button . if not then slide down to the very bottom of the screen , you will see three dots in the bottom-right corner . click this , open settings dialog and then click on google now tab . you will have the option to turn it on then . if it is not appearing check also top right corner of the screen for a switch available .
this feature is already provided by many email apps including official gmail app . gmail app even allows to set different notification tone of different labels . in gmail , go to Settings ~> [Email-id of attached Account] ( under account settings section ) ~> Labels to Notify ~> [Label Name] ~> Ringtone ( from pop-up ) . if your gmail app does not have these settings , time to update it . if you do not use gmail app , specify your email app for further help . if your app does not provide this feature , you can not add it by your own in most of cases ( unless app allows plugins ) . so , switch to another email client app .
there is a metric boatload of airplane mode apps on the play store . you might find one there that meets your needs .
on the original kindle fire airplane mode does not seem to exist , but you can turn off wireless using these directions : tap the quick settings ( the gear ) icon in the top right hand corner of the home screen . tap wi-fi . ensure wireless networking switch is in the off position . on the new kindle fire you can enable airplane mode by doing the following : swipe down from the top of the screen and tap wireless . tap on next to airplane mode
there is no way to see this fro the user 's end . generally read through the comments . people are very vocal about their opinion . and if it has truly been uninstalled that many times , beleive me , people will say why and you will get a good indication . and yes , a developer does get daily statistics on installs/uninstalls .
well , i had the same problem and it turned out to be that my ringtone for incoming calls was set to " hangouts video call " . when i changed that to " vzw airwaves " the voice announcement for notifications went away . perhaps it is coincidence , but every other option i tried failed and tested after each , resetting to how things were before .
if this is happening to you , you might be in driving mode . you might have not actually switched to driving mode physically , but if you have paired ( bluetooth ) with you are vehicle , it may automatically switch to driving mode when you enter the car . pull down the notification bar from the top of the screen . if driving mode is not one of the five icons at the top of the screen hit the icon that looks like three little boxes and one set of arrows . that should open a big list of toggle switches . look for driving mode and see if it is turned on/lit up . if it is turn it off and the voice notifications should stop .
do a restart . that fixed mine when i had the same issue
i had the same problem and could not find the answer anywhere . via the technique , commonly known as ' mucking about with my phone ' , i found that the new actions can be revealed by swiping down on the notification with two fingers . likewise they can be hidden again by swiping upwards with two fingers .
the port the games are using might be blocked at the router level . here are your options : try using 3g or 4g or make sure that you are allowing traffic ( tcp/udp ) on the correct unprivileged ports ( 1025 and up ) through your router .
short answer : no . long answer : i just put my phone into airplane mode , and tapped the " docs " icon that i happened to have on my home screen . it showed me a list of my docs ! so far , so good . i then tapped one of the docs , and saw a frowny face that said something like " sorry , can not access this document because i do not have a connection to the internet " .
google docs on android has no offline cache at the moment . source the browser version has this functionality . i hope the android app get 's offline docs too , that would be awesome . : )
get root and then install the xposed framework : http://mdc.gd/xposedfw and then the modaco toolkit : http://www.modaco.com/topic/361634-xmod-modaco-toolkit-for-xposed-framework/ once everything is installed , and the modaco module is activated inside xposed framework ( you need to go back into it once it is installed and running and do this ) , you can then enable multi-users in modaco ( as well as many , many other hacks - be careful ! ) . after a reboot , go into your android settings and there will be a " users " section . enjoy ! this all works perfectly on my son 's similarly cheap ondo v701s . i have the primary account ( which gets root access and other goodies ) , he gets a pared-down desktop with mostly games . one thing to note ; my " onda desktop " refused to function on the second user 's account and i installed nova , removed the default launcher . i am guessing other chinese tablet manufacturer 's will have similarly flakey custom launchers . the standard android 4.4 launcher also works well ( i briefly played with googlehome . apk v0.9.6.886092 ) .
in android 4.2 , only tablets support multiple user profiles , not phones . this means it is up to the manufacturer to enable multiple users when they set up android for the device ( what is called system integration ) . since the le pan mini is a tablet , they should have turned on this support . you should report this bug to the manufacturer ( and let us know what they say , to help future visitors ) . it is sometimes possible to change this using a customized , unofficial firmware , but that relies on having a community of knowledgeable users who can do the work necessary to create a new firmware image : this is very hard without the manufacturer 's support . since your device is not a mainstream one , it is unlikely there are enough interested people with the necessary skills .
it seems my problem was in my battery saver app ( in this case 2x battery ) . i read a question in this site couple days ago . the problem of questioner was like me and he/she answer it , and said problem was from battery saver app . i think if i disable this option ( wireless saver ) it goes well . but just after disabling the hole app it fixed . for now i check it and i did not have any problem . p . s : i really forget the title of that question or link of it . if i find that , i set it here for others .
i have found the problem . i changed the density to a higher resolution . after resetting to system resolution , problem was solved . i would still be glad to know if there is a solution that will allow me using the calendar at a high res . as well .
i had the same problem . i used friend-stream to get the notification from twitter and facebook . after i cleared the data of internet , peep did not work . but today , i deleted the peep account in friend stream , peep recovered . i hope this information may help you .
had the same problem . just solved it . delete the widget go to Settings &gt; Accounts &amp; sync delete the " twitter for htc sense " account add the widget breathe a sigh of relief
you could always clear the data for the app , if the app is simply kicking you out when you open it . go to settings -> applications -> manage applications . select your app , and click clear data . this will wipe all data from the app , as if you had uninstalled it and installed it fresh* . *to be technical , it is not the same as uninstalling and reinstalling because the dex files in the dalvik cache remain unchanged . installing a fresh copy would regenerate those files . but it really should not matter for non-developers .
i did not get any definitive answer what is wrong from the service centre . they tried flashing some special rom they had , but same result . they closed the issue with the conclusion it is a hw problem in the phone .
this is an official solution i found after weeks of testing and research . in the end , the driver is not loaded properly or by default , custom rom created the havoc . i noticed that when running adb gui , there is this file missing from /system/data/misc/wifi called WCNSS_qcom_cfg.ini . i am using adb helper version 4.2.0.0 , under build . prop viewer tab , choose wlan.driver.config it points to that location . i downloaded it from somewhere on the xperia developer forum website . then i modified and modified until i found the solution . in this file i modified the line gDotMode=3 ( which is running in n mode only ) to either 1 or 2 which s " a " or " b " mode . i rebooted the device and the wifi works and n mode is disabled meaning you wont be able to connect in 5ghz mode anymore . but you will be able to connect to all the current 2.4ghz ap . i read somewhere where ics android allows you to enable or disable 5ghz scanning of ap . but was removed from later versions . now , my phone can connect to any 2.4ghz wifi .
the dalvik cache is the set of saved . dex files . a . dex file is basically a compiled bytecode version of an app that has been built for the dalvik virtual machine on which android 's apps run . it is similar to the java virtual machine and having saved . class files .
let 's clear up some terminologies here : the phone acts is both a gateway ( translates between mobile network protocol and wifi protocol ) and a router ( routes packets to and from other devices and the external link ) . i assume that your phone 's ip address is 192.168.43.1 . the phone have an internet connection through mobile data connection and want to share this connection with other devices . the other devices ( e . g . laptop ) does not have direct internet connection , and is trying to tether through the gateway/phone . in your case , the other devices acquired the ip 192.168.43.26 through dhcp . are you using any encryption ? wep or wpa ? i suggests setting up an open network for troubleshooting , and only setup encryption after you are able to connect through unencrypted connection . check that the encryption setting and passphrase matches . what tethering method are you using ? are you using third party tethering , e.g. pdanet or android-wifi-tether ? or are you using the native tethering in android 2.2 and up ? what phone ? is it custom rom ? is it rooted ?
i believe what you are trying to do is impossible because of stackexchange-url
if you are on linux , check up the kernel routing table by typing route at terminal . if you do not have a default entry in the list it will not work . for example my kernel routing table reads : type in this command at terminal and see if it works : sudo route add default gw 192.168.43.1 wlan0 where wlan0 is your wireless interface . . . . also you could try rechecking the dns server on your machine and add the following lines to your etc/resolv . conf nameserver 8.8.8.8 nameserver 8.8.4.4 
it requires bluetooth 4.0 le , which is only in a few devices right now ( but that number will grow ) . if your device does not support bluetooth 4.0 le , you are out of luck . period . buy a new phone if you want to use a galaxy gear . updated friday , november 15th , 2013 another xda user has posted a very detailed and interesting walkthrough of the steps taken to get it to pair with his nexus 5 . it requires access to a samsung phone compatible with the gear , but it seems like a much better solution than the one above . not all of the steps he is taking seem necessary . here 's my version of the hack : connect your gear to a compatible samsung phone . pull the file /data/data/com.samsung.android.app.watchmanager/shared_prefs from the samsung phone and hold onto it for now . enable adb on the gear . using adb , modify the following file on the gear : /data/misc/bluedroid/bt_config.xml . find the lines where you should insert your phone 's data , replacing the samsung phone data . here 's an example with a nexus 5: &lt;N1 Tag="your n5 bt mac address"&gt; &lt;N1 Tag="Name" Type="string"&gt;Nexus 5&lt;/N1&gt;  reboot the gear . pair the gear with your non-compatible phone over bluetooth normally . sideload the gear manager application onto your phone . remember when we pulled that file from the samsung phone in step 2 ? push that file to the same directory on your phone . run gear manager . you are done ! the previous method is still listed below . a thread on xda developers ( many thanks to oleg , who posted this in his answer and deserves upvotes ) has interesting news ! the software needed has been identified , and the apk 's have been extracted . according to one user ( our hero , oleg ) , following the steps on the thread and using the files provided there allows you to pair the watch and unlock it with a nexus 4 . a basic description of the processis follows . . . install all the samsung apk 's from this upload , provided by xda user blazespinnaker . install com . sec . android . fotaprovider from the same upload . ( maybe not necessary ? ) run gear manager . if you have errors , close it and run it again ( ? ) . pair manually with your galaxy gear . note that this is still not a perfect solution . some features may not be working . however , you should apparently be able to unlock and enable adb ! i will update this answer as more information becomes known . but for the rest of your question ( about adb ) . this article indicates that you can enable adb mode on the galaxy gear itself , which is actually kind of exciting . the steps are simple . the article also has a helpful video ! swipe to " settings " scroll all the way down to " gear info " enable " usb debug " if you are on windows , you will doubtlessly need the samsung usb drivers . but other than that , you should be pretty much set !
thanks to this thread on xda developers , i have just paired my galaxy gear with the nexus 4 and was able to turn on the usb debugging . hope it helps .
i have gear and note 2 . i rooted my phone and watch : everything went ok . finally got internet on the gear bluetooth tether to my phone . got new kitkat on the note 2 . i installed null rom onto the gear . the gear with it original stock os rom sucks , its pure garbage . but with custom rom its a lot better . beware : rooting the gear you can mess it up .
cracking your screen most likely is not covered through a warranty . this is a good reason why you should purchase a screen protector . mime ghost glass would be my recommendation as far as screen protectors go . . . you can try to email google 's support : googleplay-support@google.com, explain what happened and you can probably pay to get it repaired , however the nexus 5 should be coming out in the very near future for $350 so it may be better to just purchase a new device for a little more as screen repairs are usually $100+
you can clear all browsing data from settings -> privacy -> clear browsing data . source : chrome help
just download adobe reader from google play store to get the correct version . if you want to copy over pdf files . just create your own directory under g:\download and copy to the mapped drive on your pc . make sure you turn on allow to be used as a usb drive .
if you have the android development kit ( see bottom ) then there is a super easy way to install an application from a file . all you need to do is start up a terminal and type : adb install -r &lt;your.apk&gt;  the -r function will replace an existing application with the same name . no fumbling around with sd cards and no searching your phone for transfered files . if you are an avid android user then i recommend getting the adk . how to install just adk binaries
you can download es file manager from google play store . here is the link
there is aft , but it does not seem to have the feature you want fully implemented . the only other thing i have found is this document showing that is its possible to get the data you need , but does not have a command for it . maybe you just need to pull /data/data/com . android . providers . telephony/databases/telephony . db as it contains all the call logs , and then filter through ? something like : cp data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/telephony.db /sdcard/MyTelephoneDatabase.db 
i just usually long-press the item until i get the popup menu from the browser , press back to hide the menu and the hover is activated . not a foolproof method but works most of the time . this way i can be almost sure that the tap does not send a click event . tested on 3.2 , 4.0 , 4.0.2 vanilla browsers and chrome/chrome beta on ics .
smartphones and tablets have an obvious problem with events like mouseover : when there’s no mouse cursor , there’s no way to mouse over controls . some techniques may be applied as a work around , but it is hard to have them working decently . testing : with minimal success do not know what browser are you using , but with my phone : agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.3 ; en-us ; u8510 build/huaweiu8510 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 if i long press the menu that contains a sub-menu presented with mouseover , it opens after about 3 seconds ( even though , every two out of three , the click for the main menu gets triggered ) . ps : the website used to test it was developed by me , so i know for sure that there is no support for mobile phones being used .
i do not think there is much you can do beyond trying other wifi tether apps . you could also try using cyanogenmod ( for the gsm version of the hero , or the cdma version ) .
basically , it looks like you want to clear everything except your apps . is that right ? if so , i would just use something like app manager to back them all up , and then do a factory reset . if you back them up to the sd card they should be safe , but you can always copy the backup to your computer .
resetting the phone to factory settings ( Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset ) and wiping the microsd card ( after backing up its contents ) should be all that is needed . factory reset dis-associates the phone from your google account , removes any custom apps ( installed on internal memory ) with their data , and clears all the caches . [ edit ] p.s. there is a good chance that the manufacturer ( samsung in your case ) or whoever you are sending your phone to for repairs might send you a different handset . depending on their service terms , they may simply ship you a brand new nexus s , or even a refurb . so jumping through hoops to leave your installed apps intact might be a waste of time .
you can customise the toggles by clicking the pencil icon in the top right . you should then be able to add a wifi toggle icon . edit : ok . it seems like verizon have removed that toggle . if you are rooted you can add it back though . see link here ( contains screenshots ) . you need to download and install sqlite editor - you need to download and install sqlite editor open up sqlite editor - select the apps tab on top and scroll down until you see settings storage and click it . click on settings . db click on system click on the search icon on top right type in the word notification in the filter value field and click ok once the results load up , tap on notification_panel_active_app_list ( should be the bottom result ) and click on the pencil icon on top to edit in the value field , you will see all your toggles listed . all you have to do is add the word wifi &lt ; -- just like that with a semi colon right after . make sure there is no space after the semi colon like in the screenshot below . once you add wifi , click the save button . close sqlite editor and reboot your phone . once your phone boots back up , you should now have the wifi toggle in quick settings !
as per this comment , the place for bug reports seems to be via the about -> send feedback link within the gmail app - this links to this survey page : http://www.google.com/m/survey/mail_ca
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here .
android 4 . x supports contact groups . this is the only way i have found till now .
i had sent this question as an email to whatsapp support too , and i have now received a reply from them with complete explanations of the permissions . pasting that reply below : thanks for your message . we strive to keep this information as up to date and as accurate as possible . however , at times , it is possible that google or your handset maker may change , deprecate or remove various permissions . category : your messages permission : receive text messages ( android . permission . receive_sms ) explanation : we use this to be able to read the sms we send to your phone to verify your phone number . category : storage permission : modify or delete the contents of your usb storage ( android . permission . write_external_storage ) explanation : we store your media and chat history backups on the usb storage . category : system tools permission : modify system settings ( android . permission . write_settings ) explanation : we need this to read your read your settings , we do not write any settings , but there is only a write settings permission which includes the ability to read settings . permission : install shortcuts ( com . android . launcher . permission . install_shortcut ) explanation : we use this to install a whatsapp shorcut or conversation shortcut on your homescreen permission : uninstall shortcuts ( com . android . launcher . permission . uninstall_shortcut ) explanation : we use this to make srue we do not create duplicate shortcuts on your homescreen category : your location permission : approximate ( network-based ) location ( android . permission . access_coarse_location ) explanation : we use this so that you can send your location to your friends . permission : precise ( gps ) location ( android . permission . access_fine_location ) explanation : we use this so that you can send your location to your friends . category : services that cost you money permission : directly call phone numbers ( android . permission . call_phone ) explanation : we need this so that we can have the " call " ability in the app . permission : send sms messages ( android . permission . send_sms ) explanation : you may send an sms by using our tell a friend feature to tell a friend about whatsapp category : camera permission : take pictures or videos ( android . permission . camera ) explanation : we use this to allow you to take pictures from inside whatsapp . read more here category : microphone permission : record audio ( android . permission . record_audio ) explanation : we use this to allow you to record voice notes to send to your friends . category : your accounts permission : add or remove accounts ( android . permission . manage_accounts ) explanation : we use this to add a whatsapp account to your device to show your whatsappable contacts permission : create accounts and set passwords ( android . permission . authenticate_accounts ) explanation : we use this to add a whatsapp account to your device permission : use accounts on the device ( android . permission . use_credentials ) explanation : we need this permission to read and write your whatsapp credentials permission : find accounts on the device ( android . permission . get_accounts ) explanation : this is necessary to find which accounts to check for whatsapp contacts permission : read google service configuration ( android . providers . gsf . permission . read_gservices ) explanation : this is used for google maps integration in whatsapp location sharing category : your social information permission : modify your contacts ( android . permission . write_contacts ) explanation : this is necessary so that we can add the whatsapp button into your contacts so you can send a whatsapp to your friends from anywhere in your phone . permission : read your contacts ( android . permission . read_contacts ) explanation : we use this in order to automatically add all your friends that have whatsapp installed on their phones . category : your personal information permission : read your own contact card ( android . permission . read_profile ) explanation : we use this to try and set a default profile name permission : read call log ( android . permission . read_call_log ) explanation : this permission is not needed but is granted transitively from read_contacts because we support old versions of android permission : write call log ( android . permission . write_call_log ) explanation : this permission is not needed but is granted transitively from write_contacts because we support old versions of android category : phone calls permission : read phone status and identity ( android . permission . read_phone_state ) explanation : we need this so that we do not annoy you when you are on the phone . category : your applications information permission : run at startup ( android . permission . receive_boot_completed ) explanation : we use this to make sure the app is running to make sure you get your messages on time permission : retrieve running apps ( android . permission . get_tasks ) explanation : we need this in order to see if you are running any task killers , which may cause problems with our application category : sync settings permission : read sync settings ( android . permission . read_sync_settings ) explanation : we use this to make sure you get your messages on time permission : read sync statistics ( android . permission . read_sync_stats ) explanation : we use this to debug possible problems in getting your messages on time permission : toggle sync on and off ( android . permission . write_sync_settings ) explanation : we use this so that we can make sure your whatsapp contacts are up to date . category : development tools permission : test access to protected storage ( android . permission . read_external_storage ) explanation : we store data onto the external storage . the permission is granted transitively by android . permission . write_external_storage . we have no idea why google describes the permission thusly . category : affects battery permission : control vibration ( android . permission . vibrate ) explanation : to notify you of a new message , we may vibrate your phone . permission : prevent phone from sleeping ( android . permission . wake_lock ) explanation : we need this to make sure that when a friend sends you a file , it does not get broken by your phone going to sleep . category : network communication permission : full network access ( android . permission . internet ) explanation : without this we would not be able to send your chat messages . permission : google play billing service ( com . android . vending . billing ) explanation : we use this to allow you to pay for the whatsapp subscription permission : receive data from internet ( com . google . android . c2dm . permission . receive ) explanation : we use this to make sure that you get your messages on time permission : view wifi connections ( android . permission . access_wifi_state ) explanation : we use this to check and see if you are on a wi-fi that whatsapp will not work on permission : view network connections ( android . permission . access_network_state ) explanation : we use this to diagnose your network connection and have the app react accordingly to ensure you get your messages on time permission : full network access ( android . permission . internet ) explanation : we need this to open socket connections to our servers in order to make sending and receiving messages fast
first , for general questions on what a permission stands for ( and what an app might do with it ) , you can find a good overview on my android site . took me quite a lot of research to collect all available information , and it is still incomplete ; i cannot understand there is no official source on that for end-users . to your explicit questions : yes , with RECEIVE_SMS an app could theoretically " eat " your messages , i.e. sneak them away under your nose so you would not even notice there was one . GET_ACCOUNTS is needed to find accounts you have registered with from your device . the api makes that mandatory if you want to use an account ( USE_CREDENTIALS permission ) . though it looks quite suspect if an app requests the former but not the latter : what for would it need to know available accounts , if it does not want to use one ? for further details , please also see what can an app do with the “use accounts on the device” permission ? i am wondering that USE_CREDENTIALS is missing from your list , as whatsapp will certainly need that : it also has the MANAGE_ACCOUNTS permission ( to create/manage your whatsapp account on your device ) , which might imply the other ( not sure about that due to lack of documentation ) . the GET_TASKS permission is another one which often raises my eyebrow . while it is pretty clear why a process manager ( or task killer ) would need that , i see no reason why whatsapp should be interested in that . which does not automatically mean there is no such reason ; it would e.g. make sense if an app needs to check whether a companion app is running , for some shared actions ( i am not an android dev , so i have got to leave this part to someone else ) . sorry that i do not continue my explanations for the complete list of permissions you have posted , but that would get quite long . be welcome to visit the first link in my answer to find out more details for yourself . and , of course , if this raises specific questions , android . se is the right place to ask them !
the entire " identity " permissions are for push notification system , which is implemented using google cloud messaging on android and requires a valid google account to be present on the device . the " sms " and " phone " permissions are for activation of whatsapp account when it is freshly installed on a device and to send a calling action when you press the phone number of a particular whatsapp contact . i guess the " device and app history " permission must be for managing the ram usage by whatsapp itself . this should vary from one android version to another . rest of the permissions are more or less self explanatory , but in case you want detail for any of them , then just put a comment , i will explain it to you . i would recommend that you upgrade your whatsapp application as they remove the support for previous versions after a while . also , android police have uploaded the apk for latest play store build which shows old and new permissions in a better way . whatsapp maintains a little higher version of their app than that available on the play store over here ( just in case you are interested ) .
you have multiple choices on how to accomplish this : using a headset if you have got a 1-button-headset connected , you can facilitate that button . there are multiple apps on the playstore providing enhanced possibilities to this -- just search for " headset-control . having a philips headset , i use philips headset , which works pretty well ; you might have to try several of the available choices to find the one suiting you best . most of these apps offer things like : configure a media player app to be started as soon as the headset gets connected play/pause ( or accept an incoming call ) with a single press skip forward ( or reject an incoming call ) pressing twice increase volume by holding the button , decrease it by one click followed by holding it skip backward ( triple click ) actions are usually configurable . without a headset re-defining a hardware button can be achieved e.g. using tasker , which is an automation app for android ( to be more precise : it is the most complete automation app available ; costs ~ 5 euro , a 7-day-trial is available at the homepage , but it is worth every cent ) . the tasker manual states : simulate media button : when selected , any media player which listens for media button events can be controlled . without it , the only the android system media player will respond . note : the toggle pause function may not work unless playback has already been started manually . and yes : you can bind that action to . . . button : camera button : long search amongst others . you could even bind it to a " shake pattern " ( e . g . shake left-right to skip a title ) . example : condition : event &rarr ; hardware &rarr ; button : camera task : media &rarr ; media control &rarr ; cmd : toggle pause
i found the answer i was needing in this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eq7z6_v_fc i was holding down the wrong side of the rocker switch when booting , ending up in " recovery " mode .
the only way to currently do it is to give them a copy of the apk . just make sure they do not pass it around or leak it . you can not gift apps in the android market or give promo codes .
depends on how the copy is performed . the sd card contains a couple of hidden files/directories ( especially with app2sd being used , there is the .android_secure folder to be considered ) . usually , when on a linux workstation , a complete copy from sdcard#1 to sdcard#2 should do the job ( cp -dpR &lt;source&gt; &lt;target&gt; ) . same should apply to mac os . as i have no windows , i cannot speak for that .
according to the official twitter feed , their website is having problems right now . try it again later . mightytext is a reputable piece of software , so while we can not say for sure what they are doing with your information ( like any other closed-source software ) , you should not assume it is malware just because it is not working as it should . see also this venn diagram illustrating the situation :
check the settings for your dialer app . most dialers have some kind of " call in progress " beep that goes off every minute or so if the option is enabled .
this is normal when someone else is calling right at the moment you do this call . i think it is called " call waiting " , but the feature is usually non-free .
you can , but a kernel mod may be required to also keep the host device charging . however , many devices are already prepared for this , and cables are being manufactured and sold to this specific end , as one can see from this ebay search , there is already several cables in the market . to your particular device , the sonic_boom user at this xda developers forum thread made a dock station to use otg cable and charging at the same time : my docking station will work with any 2012 maybe 2011 sony xperia devices with otg support . i have tested this so far on my xperia s and working perfect . dock station schematics
maybe you cant . but you can shake your phone to change tracks . try fusion . it has wave control too .
perhaps you could use a backup program like titanium backup to perform a full backup of apps and data and then transfer that backup file to the second device . after this , restoring said backup on the second device should transfer stuff , imo . no experience in this , so ymmv .
try this : menu > settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > data enabled ( that should be checked ) . menu > settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > access point names , hit menu , tap on ' reset to default ' : )
check the date and time under Settings . youtube and some other apps report no network when the date is wrong .
remove your sim and put it into any nokia phone then go to Setting&gt;Phone Setting&gt;Cell info Display&gt;Off . then put the sim back in your htc desire 816 . i used nokia x2-01 for this .
basic walkthrough for any phone : alternative 1: flash a cwm recovery for samsung , use heimdall . download for ' galaxy s2' or ' sgh-i777' , depending on what you own heimdall also supports a dump command that can be used to backup all flash beforehand command to flash : heimdall flash --recovery CWM-recovery.img enter the newly installed cwm recovery do a backup in cwm to your external sdcard ( be sure there is enough space left ) switch off and check the backup on your pc ( it is located in /clockworkmod/backup/ on the sdcard ) if you are sure your backup is ok , enter cwm again and do a full wipe reboot your phone , do the first-time-init ( google account and such ) install titanium backup + its pro key in titanium backup : extract from nandroid backup alternative 2: applicable if your fastboot mode supports the extended command ' boot ' compatible devices : google 's nexus line , htc desire with patched hboot loader and others steps : enter fastboot mode and load a recovery into ram ( without flashing ) : fastboot boot recovery.img continue with step 3 from ' alternative 1' alternative 3 ( samsung only , but broken on galaxy s i9000 ) : not tried yet , see this as an idea as for now . you are on your own with errors on extraction and restore heimdall implements a ' dump ' and command and a means to print the partition table ( pit ) : heimdall dump --chip-type NAND --chip-id 0 --output nanddump.out.img heimdall print-pit or heimdall download-pit --output nand.out.pit you may then cut the nand dump into pieces ( one for each partition ) and name them accordingly . if successfull , you can then access your data and continue at alternative 1 , step 8 or 4
as you are running ics , you might want to take a look at the question full backup of non-rooted devices . all you need for that is the android sdk on your computer . starting with ics , full backups are supported this way even if you are not rooted . details can be found in the linked question 's answers .
check this forum out , since you are rooted now : sgs2 i9100g keeps disconnecting from wifi after installing firmware xxlpq try installing a new kernel ( usually found on xda ) .
i have encountered this message as well . its one of your applications . try to uninstall the last three applications you have installed if you remember their order .
any application that uses receive_boot_completed permission can run when the phone boots ( i.e. . when it is first turned on ) , in your case to display a toast message . try checking the permissions on your ( recently installed ) apps . any application that uses " start on boot " permission is a candidate for your problem . to further answer your question , i doubt it is a virus , especially if the app in question is installed from official sources . most likely just a feature developer implemented to notify himself .
getting to your external in file manager hd is . . . not very obvious . the only way i am aware of to get to it is to hit the Home button at the top right on the action bar ( not the android os button in the bottom left ) and then hit Up . this should put you at /mnt , so you can get to the external at /mnt/external1 . the " storage " shortcut on the left pane also takes me there , but i do not think it is always operated like that in the past . i might be mis-remembering there , though . if " storage " takes you to /mnt/sdcard then you can hit " up " from there to get back to /mnt . as for copying , the external card was originally read-only by default . now it seems to exist in some kind of weird limbo ( at least for me ) and i am not entirely sure how the permissions are designed . file manager hd shows its permissions as dr- ( that is , read-only directory ) but it lets me paste files there anyway . nonetheless , if you are rooted you can use something like microsd mounter as an easy way to remount it rw ( it works fine for me ) . i should probably also note that the above is on android 3.2.2 , after getting verizon 's lte upgrade . the permissions may still be read-only for xooms in other regions , but i am not sure . mine could also just be read/write because i am using a custom kernel and boot image ( do not remember if it was in there ) .
well that is strange timing ! just received an update notification on the tablet , installed the update and suddenly i can copy files to the sd card , delete files from the sd card and create folders on the sd card with no problem ! this was using the built-in files app . it is still saying my android version is 3.2 , but the build number has updated to h . 6.6-23 , so can only assume this is an update to the drivers or motorola 's software rather than the os itself . found a thread on the xoom owner 's forum mentioning it another uk update ? i just received another update to my uk wi-fi xoom . i already had the original 3.2 update . i did not really catch the update number , but the release notes appeared looked to be the same as the previous big update . it was very small ( only 1 or 2 k ! ) . i could only really think of one reason this might have been sent out , so tried copying from the internal memory to /mnt/external1 ( a 32 gb sd card ) and it worked ! so it looks like this was probably a fault that they have pushed out a fix for , rather than any design problem .
in short , yes . android apps are upward compatible as @ce4 said . but if you are going to build an app , its best to compile it on the latest version of android , ie jelly bean 4.2.1 . this question would have been better suited on stackoverflow .
yes i used to have this problem , where the phone connects once and then again i connect and face the same problem as you , then again i restart my phone and it is ok . this happens if you disconnect your phone with out ejecting the drive properly , one remedy is reset . but mine is ok after a few times , hope yours will be too .
as i said in several comments , the calendar app is the way to interact with your calendar offline . if you are interacting with the calendar via the browser , you need to be connected . the android browser does not support any sort of " plug-in " .
if you sync the google account used with the calendar to the phone , the calendars can be synced too and viewed/edited offline with your phones ' calendar app .
i would trying force closing and clearing the data for the market in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and rebooting your phone .
if you are speaking about free as the french isp . . . the freebox is an adsl modem that the french isp free provides to his client . it includes a modem / nas / tv and other funny stuff . . . it provides also multimedia features like photo gallery and video player 1 it presents a nas system accessible thru ftp , and other protocole . to answer to your question , you can install a ftp client on your mobile and connect directly to your server to put your photos . but the prerequisite is a configured server . . . to go further and help you to configure all stuff , we need to know which version of freebox do you have , v5 or v6 ( hd ) you can find a really good tutorial in french on this page : 2 an extract of configuration needed for the hd version . you need to configure your freebox server if it is not already done via the following site : mafreebox . freebox . fr/ the freebox server is accessible thru the following parameters / put it into your android ftp client : address : mafreebox . freebox . fr login : freebox password configured one on : mafreebox . freebox . fr
