if your galaxy nexus is rooted , install this app : stickmount . then connect your usb to a usb-to-microusb cable ( such as this one ) , and plug the micro usb into the phone , a popup will appear asking you what application do you want to open , select stickmount . using a file manager , such as this one , navigate to : /sdcard/usbstorage/ you will find your usb files there . note : if your phone is not rooted , you cannot do this .
you must be looking for this . though it is costly , you can get local cables from radio shack or so . then , use stickmount app . note that this works only after rooting . p.s. rooting is not as complex as it sounds . you are just gaining access to your own phone . in galaxy nexus , you can unroot as well !
try this link first - lg l1 support page and checkout the manuals provided . if you do not find what you need then try Live Chat provided below in the same page to ask them directly about this problem . if no chat agents available at that time try emailing them .
in Settings -> Wireless &amp; Networks -> Data Usage you should be able to uncheck the " set mobile data limit " . the limit will stop data usage when you reach the limit . ( you probably have this unchecked already ) . on this screen is where you can move the " warning " levels up so you will not reach them and you will not receive the notification . one thing to note : if you have mobile data disabled , the checkbox to set the limits will not be visible . re-enable it temporarily and you can dispatch the annoying notifications for good .
if you check this post and the answer by google employee : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=61ec816cf6ebd668hl=en , its known limitation rather than a security feature . the alternative as per this post by osky : http://www.google.ru/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=2f07884f917d86ebhl=en this is a known limitation . there are a couple of ways around it depending on what you seek to achieve : logon from your browser and select delete forever from the web app . don’t sync the deleted items label i’ve chosen the second option but on the other hand i very rarely delete and am not that affected by this curious lack of feature . thing is that trashed mails should be deleted after 30 days , and since i selected to only sync 4 days worth of garbage it should only be present in the cloud for 26 of those days . to sum it up , the trash function is flawed . if it’s a viable option for you , you can chose not to sync that label and messages that you delete from trash will not show up again on your phone . see eth@n from google comment on it in the referenced thread , looks like we can hope for the future : )
samsung probably felt the " non-need " of this feature , hence removing it . you could either use apps from the play store such as " schemes " which allows you to schedule messaging , or contact samsung support via email requesting the re-addition of the feature ( i would go with the former because , one mail mostly does not make a difference against a huge oem ) .
i have never been a fan of the froyo apps2sd , i was a huge fan of the original " apps2sd " that used an ext2/3/4 partition on your sdcard . i am not sure if any custom roms still support this . i know it is not " supported " in cyanogenmod . you will have to root to go the " apps2ext " route . but if you dont want to go that route , or can not find any roms that support it , i do not really know of any way you can really free up any additional space . if rooted , you can delete any " bloatware " that is installed on the /system . you can remove z4root after you install it . another thing to keep in mind , even if you install applications on the sdcard , they can still use the /data directory to store their data , which is located on the devices internal storage .
sounds like you custom maps is exactly what you are after .
i purchased 3 cheap mhl cables , same problem than you . this is the red one . 2 cables disconnect all the time , one works perfectly . the problem is the crappy cable .
there are many , the prominent ones being hotspot shield and hideman vpn . hotspot shield works really well so i never tried using any other vpn .
rooting will add a few files to your system and will most likely remove the startup process that resets your recovery back to stock . the files it will usually add is the su binary , which is what will actually elevate your privileges , busybox , which will give you some basic command prompt commands , and a super user app , ( usually either superuser or supersu ) . most stock roms have a file that is run during the bootup process that will reflash the stock recovery on every boot ( for security ) . most rooting processes will remove/rename/change this file to prevent your custom recovery from being overwritten . most rooting processes have easy ways to unroot . but essentially , you would just remove the files that it added and then flash your stock recovery back on the device . many toolkits have an easy unroot option . as to how an app can use root . . . when an app attempts to use the su binary , superuser or supersu steps in and pops up a dialog asking you for permission to allow this app root access . you can approve or deny it and there is usually a checkbox asking if you want the superuser/supersu app to remember your choice . an app is not able to get elevated privileges without you approving it through the superuser/supersu app .
you will need to submit a request to police station to track your android device through its imei number . as soon as the mobile is switched on and it gets signal from telecom company , its location will be detected . or alternatively , if you had any tracking app , installed on your device , then you may contact app developer for help to track your device .
i strongly recommend you take a look at the lost-phone tag-wiki , which contains a lot of first-aid hints . as you write your sim is still in the device , there is hope it is also still connected to your google account and has a network connection -- so hurry up trying solutions like plan b or android lost , which you can then push to your device via google play 's website . find more details in the linked tag-wiki , plus on the apps ' page at google play .
amazon app store downloads apk files to a folder that titanium backup considers external app data . you can regularly clean out this folder or choose one of the following : create a label , and add amazon appstore to it . now go into settings and under backup external app data choose . " enable for apps outside of choosen label " now pick the label that you added amazon too . inside tb 's settings under backup external app data choose " enable if it is smaller than choosen size " and enter a value that you are comfortable with .
sideloading ( usually seen as apply update from ADB ) is a form of adb push wherein the zip file , say ROM.zip , will automatically get flashed by the recovery once adb finishes copying it to the phone . the command you use on the pc is adb sideload &lt;file.zip&gt; chances are if you are using a stock recovery ( see if it says 3e at the top of the recovery screen ) , only official zips from the manufacturer will get through verification ; whereas third-party zips will stall at Installation aborted. but if you are using cwm ( or another custom recovery ) , you can pretty much sideload anything you want .
you can close all the pages via menu -> windows before exiting the browser . if you want the last page to stay loaded and not reload , you have to make sure the browser is not killed or forced to give up memory by android . in other words , use only lightweight apps or do not use anything , and hope your system behaves :p
you may want to consider using an app such as bookmark home . this creates a type of launcher for bookmarks , similar to chrome 's new tab homepage or opera 's speed dial . you can import your bookmarks from the browser . this is probably the closest you can get to loading a default home page like google search , as opposed to loading the last page - it just has that one extra step .
i got an answer , download sliderwidget and reduce the media volume . in short the media volume is controlling the volume of ussd pop up notification .
currently i do not think there is any way to change your dns on your mobile data . but if your phone is rooted you can use apps like set dns .
i encountered the same problem today , and thanks to transfusion . i tried to develop an app " dns forwarde r " to work it out . it does not change dns server on system , but forward dns queries to another server . this workaround works fine for me on kitkat ( nexus 5/4.4.3 and moto razr/cm11 ) . hope it can help other as well .
i am on kitkat cyanogenmod 11 , meaning i am rooted by default . despite that i can only report failure : 1st method : when i try the adb shell with and then test to which ip hjfdkhfjkyuiwnwetbyebvtwgqwdi . tk resolve 's . . . i get an nxdomain response , meaning it did not came from the opendns nameserver i have set ( which would return an answer with an alternative ip , to serve you adds ) . when doing getprop | grep dns  i would only see what i have configured . however when switching from wifi to mobile ( 3g or 4g/lte ) i see ip 's that i recognize as being assigned to my mobile carrier . apps like " dnswitch " or " dns changer " can re-set those resolvers automaticly at network change . however what getprop reports me , is still not what is truly doing the resolving . 2nd method [ a ] : another way i tried , is modifieng /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns.conf an set things fixed in there ( but be aware network names and number of resolvers can differ ) . without success . 2nd method [ b ] : and in /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd.conf i removed the parameter to accept resolvers at dhcp negociation . no success either . 3th method : so far the only thing that would work a little is using a " poor man vpn " , using the app " ssh tunnel " , using socks4 , but using that i did not exactly got a good result . resume : it seems like either dns set elsewhere , or all are forwarded ( hijacked ) as soon the network is mobile . so , how come ? is it another dirty way to provide carriers with a tool to demolish network neutrality ? in your case your question was because of that . do you have ssh to try if sshtunnel is a alternative solution to get around your carriers censoring ?
ok , first of all full disclosure : i am the author of an app which is now on the google play store and which makes you able to change dns for any mobile connection on android 4.4 . the app requires root and is called override dns . i was told , on a now deleted answer , that is fair to link to my app as long as i expose it clearly . the problem i found with this release of android ( 4.4 ) is that , apparently for caching reasons , the system behaviour has been changed to redirect all dns queries to a system daemon called netd ( here 's a link to a presentation related to android networking before 4.4 which , however , covers part of these topics ) . the getprop/setprop method does not work anymore . those values , when changed , get simply ignored by the netd daemon . it is necessary to communicate directly to the daemon via the /dev/socket/netd socket . in android it is now present a tool called ndc which does exactly this job . the syntax for the dns related stuff is this : the app automatically guesses the network device name and applies these commands each time a mobile network gets activated .
sadly , it may be impossible to do as of right now , however , it is possible to try dns changer . this may work if you are rooted , but there are no guarantees . a good dns service to use would be google 's public dns service . it tends to work out very well for these type of issues right here . if none of this works , keep looking for answers . a good site for things like this is xda developers . they tend to have many answers on things for android .
i " solved " this problem by using an iptables rule to forward all port 53 connections to an intended dns server ; my experience on android 4.4.2 with attempting to modify dns settings while connected to 3g has been exactly as leo described ; ignorance of values in getprop |grep dns [ 0-9 ] \ ] : and dhcpd . conf . iptables -t nat -A OUTPUT -p udp --dport 53 -j DNAT --to-destination 8.8.8.8:53  the reason is as described here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=44722857postcount=6 all apps do dns lookups through netd via a /dev/socket/dnsproxyd unix socket . this thread also describes why system properties are being ignored . to undo this , do iptables -t nat -L OUTPUT -n -v --line-numbers  , find the line number that corresponds to udp dpt:53 to:xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx:53 and do iptables -t nat -D OUTPUT *linenumber* 
if you tried clearing the app data , resetting to defaults , changing modes and did a factory reset than the only thing left to do is take it back to where you purchased it so they can have a look at it and fix it . it is entirely possible that you have a hardware failure .
these suggestions might seem odd and they might not yield any results but they are worth a shot : try using the panorama and video settings in the stock camera , and i do mean actually use them . do not just switch to them and switch back to picture mode . if you are lucky changing modes , taking a panorama/video , then changing back to normal picture mode will reset whatever needs to be reset . in normal picture mode long-press the shutter button . try this twice , one time release the screen as normal and the next drag your finger away from the shutter button before releasing the screen . i am not sure if doing it these two ways will have different results , but i know that if you drag your finger away no picture will be taken .
did you try resetting the settings to defaults and rebooting the phone ? there is a reset option in the camera setting menu ( open camera , the setting knob , then the three dots , restore defaults ) . if that does not work , then go to system 's settings , applications , " all " tab and clear data .
what happened with my phone is that the scene selector got set to landscape by an os update or someone else fiddling with the phone and i did not even know that there was a scene selector . once i found this setting i found that if i set it back to auto ( or macro if you want to do a close-up ) that the auto-focus starting working again . hopefully this helps someone .
try this , go to settings -> apps -> all tab -> camera -> clear data .
i have froyo ( 2.2 ) , and it allows you to double-tap the sender 's line if the email address is not in the contacts database , it shows you the address and asks you if you want to create an entry if the address is in the email address , a set of icons appear ( mail , text , im , etc . . . ) the contacts icon takes you to the user info . not sure what happens if contact has two emails , trying to setup test ( will run tomorrow ) .
the latest version of the gmail app ( it has not been released yet , but you can find a copy of a leaked official apk floating around somewhere ) has this feature . it adds a " more details " link on every email header so you can see the actual email addresses used . i am not sure whether this version will work on 1.5 and up , as google has not said anything yet . i know that part of their work in 2.2 was better separating the google apps like gmail from the rest of the platform , so that they could ship updates through the market . so it is possible that this will only become available for 2.2 .
i have seen this on occasion on mine . it seems to be a software issue , triggered by certain usage patterns . this post on xda-developers has some info on how you may be able to trigger it . that community seems to be hoping that the 4.1 jelly bean update will include a cure .
try upgrading to android 4.4.2 . settings -> general -> about device -> software update -> update . : )
basically something wrong and bad happened and hence your phone is unable to boot . i am not sure this is the answer , but i am just trying to help as i too faced such problem and was in panic during initial days with android . this xda site beautifully explains the boot related problems and how you could get over . basically you have to reflash the rom for which you need few usb drivers + flashing tool and original or some other rom . though i am unable to point you to exactly to sites that provide these , i guess you can easily search for it . tip : had if your phone clockworkmod recovery , things will be bit easy . this is one convincing reason , i made up my mind to root and install cwm recovery as a first step on all my devices .
before facing problems , make some backups : nandroid for full and titanium for partial ones . when problems occurs , use restore from this backups .
i got mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; android 4.4.2 ; sm-g900f build/kot49h ) applewebkit/537.36 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 chrome/30.0.0.0 mobile safari/537.36 acheetahi/2100050050 using the cm browser v5.0.50 a cross-comparison might help you debug .
i have just tried on my galaxy s5 and i got following useragent
after some poking around it would appear that in this case the browser is not identifying itself as running on an android device . i put the useragentstring you supplied into useragentstring . com and in the operating system details field it tells me ; Operating System: Linux running on a Intel CPU running on a 64 bit processor  if i enter the useragentstring for the stock browser on my htc one i get : Operating System: Android version 4.4.2  and on chrome mobile browser i also get : Operating System: Android version 4.4.2  i would suggest asking the user of the device to clear data/cache and see if the problem persists . i can not imagine samsung would have their browser setup like this by default . edit : also just found here that the useragentstring for the s4 should be something along the lines of ; Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 4.2.2; nl-nl; GT-I9505 Build/JDQ39) AppleWebKit/534.30 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Mobile Safari/534.30 which is nothing like what you posted . if anyone on ae with an s5 could post their useragentstring ( can get it from here ) that would be useful , unless you know anyone else with an s5 where you could check against . edit2: fyi , the useragentstring for my stock browser on my htc is ; Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; U; Android 4.4.2; en-gb; HTC_One Build/KOT49H) AppleWebKit/534.30 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/4.0 Mobile Safari/534.30 and for chrome ; Mozilla/5.0 (Lunix; U; Android 4.4.2; HTC One Build/KOT49H) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/35.0.1916.141 Mobile Safari/537.36
one current work around would be to create a draft in gmail that has the signature and use it in the mobile app .
the gmail app states that signature can only be in text form- no mention of html .
the gmail app does not support html signatures , like you noticed only the actual html code will be sent and displayed . you may want to try k9 or touchdown .
there is a solution for gmail for mobile browsers . when you do not use a mobile-specific signature , your desktop email signature from your main gmail settings will be used . but , not the gmail app . go figure !
go to the market and get the app enhanced email . this will allow you to do it . it does cost $2.99 , but hey i believe its worth it if this guy has support and no one else does .
there is an open ticket to the gmail application team via the android project to address this . please vote for the issue if you wish to see html signature support in the native gmail application . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17752
you should be able to do this through an app called tasker . check out useful or cool tasker recipes , you may be able to modify one of those scripts to do what you want .
you could also use alarm clock plus , it allows you to set an app to launch when the alarm goes off . http://www.appbrain.com/app/alarm-clock-plusv2%e2%98%85/com.vp.alarmclockplusdock
these instructions are pretty hard to follow but should work : root insntructions
i assume you are on linux . if the zimage already has a ramdisk in it ( check by using unmkbootimg and confirming if you get initramfs . cpio . gz after decompiling ) , rename it to boot . img and do this in a terminal ( odin way ) : tar -H ustar -c boot.img &gt; boot.tar  or you can look for an existing kernel for your device , download the flashable zip for it , replace the boot . img inside with yours , then flash in cwm .
if you are using google latitude than sorry it has been retired instead use google+ from here
turn it on , then go into hangouts and turn it off . actually i really wanted to write/receive sms from hangouts , but it did not quite work well . sometimes i could not even reply to the message . so yeah . i disabled it and no nag ever since .
after trying all the solutions i found online , i found the one what works for my phone : settings> apps> all apps> contacts ( not contact storage ) and clear data . now contacts are saved to phone . i also chose to display only phone contacts , but without clearing data on the contacts app , it did not work .
you could try to hide all other contact stores from the display options under contacts to display and after this reboot the phone . it should now save your contacts to the desired location by default . if not , then lg has chosen not to include the option in their customized version of the people/contacts app . you should either wait for an update or install a custom rom .
no , the tablet only fits into the transfomer keyboard/dock one way , with the screen closed against the keyboard when folded shut .
i think this stackoverflow answer should point you in the right direction : all of the native code for an app is stored in the libs/ directory in the root of the apk . it is compiled arm or x86 code , or both . you can find it in libs/architecture_type/lib_name . so . you can dissemble the code with objdump or gdb . decompiling is a much harder task , but you can find some software that might work for you .
an apk is also an archive so unarchive it on a computer ( with tools like 7-zip ) and look at its content .
you have to use fastboot . that is all . this is from my command line command history : 532 . /fastboot-mac flash bootloader bootloader-crespo4g-d720sprke1 . img 533 ls 534 . /fastboot-mac reboot-bootloader 535 . /fastboot-mac flash radio radio-crespo4g-d720sprkh1 . img 536 . /fastboot-mac reboot-bootloader 537 . /fastboot-mac flash recovery recovery . img 538 . /fastboot-mac flash boot boot . img 539 . /fastboot-mac flash system system . img 540 . /fastboot-mac flash userdata userdata . img 541 flashboot erase cache 542 . /fastboot-mac erase cache 543 . /fastboot-mac oem lock`
wget should work , and can be installed to android if it is not already there . http://www.gnu.org/software/wget/manual/wget.html just use it in a terminal emulator .
from jorte 's description , it looks like you can synchronize jorte with google calendar . you can also synchronise outlook with google calendar using google calendar sync . so if you are happy using google calendar as a " middle-man " then it would be possible to sync the two .
try the app myphoneexplorer . free to download at google play . easy to sync outlook on pc to android smartphone and jorte . works like a charm .
you can indeed , just hold down the shift key and move the cursor with the dpad/trackbal/etc . from the comments : the center key in the d-pad activates the two text-selection hands , which can be moved anywhere using the d-pad directional keys . then , pressing the d-pad center key again , copies the selection to the clipboard .
since the calendar app syncs with google calendar - why do not you create a " test " calendar , add events to that calendar and then delete the calendar from a web browser on your computer ? i just did this myself and it worked fine .
do as follows : go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Downloads ( in All Tab ) -&gt;clear data and cache .
long press on one of the entries to bring up the select menu . click on each one of the files and press the trash icon in the upper right corner . the entries will be removed from the list but the files will remain in the download folder . too bad there is no ' select all ' button .
you can remotely install an app like plan b or androidlost from the play store website to try to recover the device 's location . your device has to be un-wiped for this to work , i.e. , your google account has to be active on the device and it needs to be registered with the play store . other than that you are likely out of luck unless you have google latitude enabled or some other security software . if you know your imei or other device identifiers you could try giving that to law enforcement or the the phone companies in your area , but in many areas there is no sort of coordinated effort to keep stolen phones from being re-used .
these are the settings i use on my phone , which have helped with the power consumption . under performance -> processor cpu governer : ondemand -> profile power save general settings page -> location services : off -> bluetooth off -> mobile data ( 3g ) : off there are also some apps that may be helpful , one of which ( i have only heard of it not actually used ) is called snapdragon battery guru . if you can not find the performance settings turn on developer options ( instructions here )
how do i root my device ? contains our collective knowledge on what devices can be rooted , with links to methods . it is incomplete , of course , so if anyone knows how to root this tablet please add the info to the answer there , even if you post it here . roms cannot generally be used with multiple devices . each device normally requires its own drivers and kernel , due to different hardware . rooting is also not standardized ; it depends on how android has been modified on your particular device , as well as how your bootloader behaves . there are , however , methods of rooting that take advantage of exploits common to most flavors of a particular version of android . for example , " gingerbreak " worked on most devices that had the original version of android 2.3 . how do i root my device ? contains a list of those generalized tools as well . the device looks like it is not google-certified , and from searching around it looks like very few people have it . information on it will be sparse and rooting that much harder if none of the common exploits work .
this turned out to be a hardware fault which is pretty common on the sgs2 units . the vibration device is mounted next to the audio jack , meaning that it sometimes fails if the jack has been stressed . there is a short video ( warning : nsfw language ) that describes the issues and how to fix them . essentially it works as following : insert a cable into the headphone jack . lightly press on the jack , in the direction of the front-facing camera ( left , if looking at the phone from the front ) whilst lightly pressing in this direction , remove the jack . vibration should be restored . . . for now . the long term fix is to get the vibration motor re-mounted by a qualified repair technician .
the phone now mounts with multiple drives . i think the problem was i had never seen that before on my previous phones and just missed it ! ! : ( my home machine has a lot of drives . i saw one , and missed the second . one drive mounts for the phone memory , one mounts for the ssdcard .
yes , you will lose root ( ota survival mode at root application does not always work ) . recovery loss depends on package , provided with upgrade ( it varies on availability of recovery . img ) .
the only way that i have tried is to download go sms pro and delete the longest message .
for security and reliability reasons , private app data are stored in a directory that is only accessible by that app , unless you have previously rooted the device . the only data visible from an mtp connection are files that apps have chosen to share in this way by putting them in the " shared storage " . as well as stopping an attacker from circumventing the screen lock by doing exactly what you are doing , it also stops users breaking apps by messing about with their data files .
you might be able to use an automating app like ifttt or automateit , etc to tell your phone to take any contact you save to the phone and copy it to exchange . i have not found ifttt to be that good for anything other than automatic social sharing but i have not checked for what you want to do , and there are many others automating apps .
according to the manual of your phone , you can not set a default save location , but on page 49 , it is mentioned that if you use " people " , you are prompted to select the desired location for the new contact : from the home screen , tap " menu " > " people " . on the " all " tab , tap " add contact " . select the " contact type " , for example google or microsoft exchange activesync . this determines which account the contact will sync with . for more information , see “ways of getting contacts into your phone” in this chapter . in the name field , enter the first and last name of the contact , then tap ok . enter the contact information in the fields provided . press " back " if you want to close the onscreen keyboard first and easily scroll through the other fields . tap " save " .
switch to the call you want to end , hit end . a few seconds later the other caller will " call you back " , which is actually just the other call resuming . it is weird , but that is how cdma signaling works . " it is not a bug , it is a feature "
that does not seem to be possible . afaik , transition effects are tied to the launcher .
you can try to find a launcher similar to the stock one . you should know that the launcher only changes the look of the homescreens and app drawer . they can also be customized pretty much .
all i know is to use odin on windows . if heimdall does not work , you will have no chance from osx . but there might be one solution : unpack your umage until you have a recovery . img file . put it on your rooted device . in the device shell as root type if=/pathtorecoverymimg of=/dev/block/platform/ , , , , , /by-name/recovery sync , reboot to do a backup of the partition first is always a good idea . just do it the other way round to get a backup in a file . some devices automatically restore recovery on boot . try to reboot directly into recovery ( eventually disable automated recovery recovery using cwm recovery : )
upload it to tinypic or any of the other image hosts . copy the url and put it in a comment on ' someone 's ' wall .
your best bet will be a third party solution as google is attempting to consolidate many of their services and apps together for a more streamlined approach . i can understand not wanting to muck with google messaging when all you want to do is send sms , but that is the way they are headed with hangouts being the messaging app .
you are not alone in wanting the old messaging app ! even though the old stock messaging app is no longer included in android , you always have the option of installing an alternative . in fact , people are recommending 8sms as a replacement for hangouts that is almost identical to the original stock messaging app . in fact , it is built from the source code of the original messaging app , with " some enhancements " .
no , even though android is based on the linux kernel , programs for gnu/linux need to be ported to the android user-space environment . they usually require some source code changes , and to be compiled linking against the appropriate runtime libraries . you can find some command-line programs that have already been ported to android on open-source sites like github , but there is nothing like apt . the closest thing to an apt repository is f-droid , but that is mainly for gui apps : it is an alternative to google play for downloading open-source apps . i have already searched there and there is nothing like ps2pdf .
no . you can not easily install linux native application on an android platform . in order to do so you will have to compile your files with the linux kernel and not the java virtual machine that runs all your android applications .
now , i am not 100% that this is the exact issue , as i do know that this is the case with . m3u playlists , but i have not tried using . pls files for a playlist . the problem sounds like it is with the media scanner . when it scans the directory that the . pls file is in , it sees the playlist file ( the . pls ) but if the directory does not have any other media files in there ( like . mp3 for example ) then it automatically assumes that the playlist is empty so it deletes it . you can create a file in the directory called .nomedia and the media scanner will not even scan the directory , leaving your . pls files alone . to test this , you could just drop some type of media file in the directory with the . pls and see if it is still deleted ( or add the . nomedia file ) . if it is not deleted , then it is 100% the media scanner causing the files to delete . if it is still deleted , then i would check if in your application you are deleting them some how .
on the htc desire x the memory ( you would think you get 4gb , but you do not ) the partitions are as follows : system is 940 mb , data is 1 gb , ( this is what you get for your apps really ) ' phone ' storage is 1 gb 1 gb towards " internal sd " . basically you only get 1gb on the device for your apps . you could use a micro sd card to expand your storage and move your pictures/music/media to it , and some apps still support app2sd functionality . keep in mind chrome can run up to 300 mb no problem , so a cache cleaner may well help you with storage . lifehacker article on what to do if you run out of space . you can not really mess with the other partitions without rooting and then partitioning your sd card with an ext3/ext4 partition and a rom that supports link2sd to ' trick ' your phone into believing there is more internal memory . these partitions contain android , htc stuff , system apps , data partition etc . so you get 1gb in all ( you have 138mb left ) . Otherabove is the os , htc apps and other android related things , that you have no access to ( without a rooted device ) .
many phones , like mine , are having an issue where the phone " thinks " a headset is plugged when it is not ( or vice versa ) . this can cause the phone to shut off one of all of the speakers and possibly the microphone as well . this basically renders the phone useless as a phone . i created an app named soundabout that will detect when a headset is plugged in or out . the first time it will warn you and let you know that if you did not plug a headset in that there could be an issue . to combat this , go into soundabout , click on " headset behavior " , and un-check the " wired headset detection " setting . then reboot the phone to clear out any queued headset intents .
unlike REINDEX , the VACUUM command needs to create a new temporary file to work in . it then replaces the database file with this temporary file . this means that it needs write access , not only to the database file , but also to the directory it is in .
try disabling Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging in conjunction with setting Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; USB settings to mass storage . if that does not work , and enabling usb debugging does not work , then i would assume it is an osx issue . you could try reinstalling the official drivers , if there are any .
you could change the guest network to be low priority by editing the supplicant . conf file ( probably requires root , or adb use ) . you can find out what file this is by looking at /etc/wifi/wifi.conf ; the file you need is set as the SUPP_CONFIG_FILE property 's value . normally it is /data/wifi/bcm_supp.conf or /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . you will see entries like the following in that file : network={ ssid="network name" someotherproperty="some other value" priority=0 }  you want to have priority=0 for the networks you least want to connect to , and a higher priority for networks you do want to connect to . if you just have " do not want " and " want " , use 0 and 1 . if you have " do not want " , " not preferred " , " preferred " , and " super-preferred " , use values 0 , 1 , 2 , and 3 respectively . you get the idea .
is your device rooted ? if so , you can access the /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant . conf file and set/edit the priority field for each network . i looked around on the market , and i have not been able to find any apps that will allow you to edit this field in a gui , or any other way to do it without root . i have not personally experimented with it either , so i am not 100% sure how it will work , but it is the only option i have found that looks like it might help you control which network your phone connects to when there are multiple configured networks within range .
there is not any way to get to it . it is basically turning on and off a developer facing backup feature . each app can write what it wants to into a certain amount of space , and google takes care of sending it back to the app when it is reinstalled . even if you were to write an app for it , you had only be able to access the storage linked to that developer key , not the other apps that use the service . for more info on what that option does , see my answer here .
i am assuming you have a power cable plugged in . in that case you will have to unplug the cable , turn it on and plug it in as soon as something appears on the screen . i have had this problem several times when trying to flash the phone while tethered to a computer and forgot to take out the usb cable when rebooting .
perhaps this was the problem ? ( from the forum thread you posted ) : originally posted by prbgd i am totally confused now . i just got confirmation from asus a few days ago . the tech person there said the gps ( us model ) will not work if there is no wifi . this is a firmware issue . it may be fixed in next firmware update . update : after the latest firmware upgrade today , gps is working great now even without wifi . if that was not the problem : sometimes when i use my android device without cell signal it can take quite a while to get a gps fix . i think it might be a combination of it using cell towers to improve gps fix time , and having a connection to the internet to download gps assistance data . if you do have an internet connection when you are trying to get a gps fix , the gps status and toolbox app will let you download gps assistance data , which could possibly improve your fix time . just install the app , open it up , go to menu --> tools --> manage a-gps state --> download .
it definitely is a software configuration . there are 2 possible reasons for this problem : servers its contacting - when google maps on your tablet/phone contacts the gps satellites , its done through a special set of servers . sometimes , the manufacturer might have set the system to connect to a set of particularly busy servers . it has been shown that connecting to other servers with lower traffic can give dramatically faster lock on times . possible bug in the initial configuration - when the manufacturer was setting up the initial build configuration , an unintended bug could have been introduced . the solution to both can be done i believe through a simple fix in the gps . conf file but that would require root access . when i was running the stock firmware on my asus transformer , i was having the same problem . now i am running a custom rom and i have no troubles with lock on in google maps .
maybe disabling the noise cancellation feature might work . . get a rooted file editor first , then from "/system/build . prop " change the "media.a1026.enableA1026=1" to "media.a1026.enableA1026=0" then do a reboot . see if your problem is solved . i simply suspect the android 's mic always gets enabled for the purpose of noise cancellation during calls/voice input . remember ! i do not hold responsiblilty for any failure . i suggest you make a backup and everything when you try this . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=6787214
i ended up using the backup verification codes . the backup methods are the only way to get back into your account if you have damaged your phone .
goto security tab of your google account settings and disable 2-step verification . then install the authenticator app now you can re-enable 2 step verification which should work normally .
negative . the htc desire hd does not have an nfc chip .
you do not need to back up the google authenticator app/data as you can create a list of ' backup codes ' which you can use to log in without requiring a authentication code on the same page that you configure 2-step authentication . why print or download backup codes ? backup codes are especially useful for people who travel , have problems receiving sms or voice calls , or cannot use the google authenticator mobile app . recommendation : you should print or download backup codes store these in a safe place ( or print them out ) and if you lose your phone you can use one of these codes to log into your account and set up a new device with the authenticator app . whilst this applies to google 's 2-step-authentication , any other sites you have configured to use the google authenticator app should offer a similar option , or another way to receive codes ( e . g . facebook supports google authenticator , their own app and sms as methods to receive codes ) .
try authenticator plus , it supports backup/restore functionality with sync across devices , if you have a phone/tablet , this app syncs all accounts between them flawlessly . it has logos support too
titanium backup ( link to google play store ) will backup any android app , including google authenticator . however , you must root your phone for this to be a viable option . i would also recommend printing the google backup codes too . this is not quite backing up the google authenticator app , but they would allow you to reset the authenticator if necessary . this would only help for regaining access to your google account though . backing up the app with titanium backup is the most complete option , in my opinion . it is saved me on a number of occasions .
there are huge differences between 1.6 and 2.2 . 1.6 is also a pretty old version of android . flash is only available for 2.2 and later , so if you have to have flash then you need to go with 2.2 . but the archos 43 does not have an fm receiver , the 48 has a receiver , and transmitter . the ui had big improvements in 2.2 compared to 1.6 . the ability to install apps on an external sdcard is also available on 2.2 , but i do not think you will really need that as the 48 says it has 500gb ( that seems like a lot for a device like that . . . ) . i have also read that it is possible to install froyo on the 48 . 3 . x is currently only available on select devices as they have to " partner " with google in order to have access to honeycomb ( 3 . x ) . so i would not expect to see an update on these devcies anytime soon for 3 . x .
android 2.2 also introduced a better just-in-time compiler , so the system runs quite a bit faster than before . features list here .
i figured it out . if you navigate to this page , and tick the receive text messages on this phone box all texts to google voice will be forwarded to your phone via sms . this generates a new number for each of your contacts that will travel between google voice before delivery , making it so you will always show as your google voice number to friends , even if you are outside of wifi . so just need to save the new number for each contact and be sure to text that instead of their actual number and it works perfect . more info here .
this is possible , if the phone is rooted . and i suppose it might even be worth doing if you can get an old g1 off craebayslist , but probably not with the device that is your " phone " . normally when you connect your android device to a computer ( or the tv ) and enable mounting , it mounts the sdhc card or non-removable equivelent . but that is not the only possibility . with some root level reconfiguration ( replacing vold ) the usb storage driver on the phone can actually be pointed at anything that looks sufficiently like a disk - ie , a physical disk , or a file containing a disk image . since there are also ways to get the linux underlying a ( rooted ) android device to mount a filesystem served over the network from your pc , you could now point the usb storage driver at a file on your pc containing a disk image of a fat filesystem containing the media you want to serve . ( there are some potential shortcuts to merge the steps , but it will be easier to get the pc-to-android and android-to-tv parts working separately first ) you would still have to create disk image files on your pc much like you now copy things to usb sticks , but you could automate that and only eat up hard dive space having duplicate copies in the images , and you would not have to physically move the usb stick .
there are definitely android dlna clients and servers which will allow you to share or receive videos or other media over a wireless network , see these previous questions : dlna enabled media player ? what can i do with dlna on an android smartphone ? can i get dlna on my droid ? what is the android answer to air video server ? if you have a tv with a usb port , you should definitely be able to mount your phone 's sd card as a drive and play the files on it ( assuming they are encoded with codecs that your tv understands ) . also if you have a phone with video or hdmi out functionality you can play videos direct to the tv over a video or hdmi cable . but , i do not think you will be able to do things quite the way you describe . i do not know of any tvs that will mount a usb device as anything other than a mass storage device ( usb drive ) or a network adapter ( normally only specific manufacturer approved adaptors ) , and it sounds like you want to stream movies via your phone rather than just play them from its storage . one problem you are going to face is that on an unmodified android phone the moment you mount your phone as mass storage to one device ( eg your tv ) it is no longer accessible to other apps on your phone ( such as whatever 's receiving it from your pc ) . tl ; dr three realistic options : plug phone into pc copy movies onto sd card , unplug phone , plug into tv play as files if your phone has tv-out , video-out or hdmi-out , plug your phone into the tv that way instead of usb and then either play from its storage , or from a streaming video client if your tv is network connectible , use a dlna client on your phone ( see above question links ) to push the movie from a dlna server on the pc ( eg windows media player on win 7 , or twonky server ) to a dlna compatible , network attached tv ( or media streamer box attached to tv ) .
as per @chahk 's answer i guess it depends if swype came pre installed on your handset . in that case i do not think you can uninstall it . in either case , try going to settings -> apps and see if swype is listed . tap it and try to uninstall it . then you can go to beta . swype . com , download the installer , install it , run it , and follow directions to sign in and install the beta .
it really comes down to customer expectations . with ios , apple uses the built-in apps to set an expectation that apps will be " blingy " , with all kinds of eye-catching animations . if you look at android 's built-in apps , they are not so eye-catching : animations are subtle ( usually simple fades or fly-ins ) , they have a much cleaner , drier look , and they have very similar , familiar conventions about menus and transitions . this has set the expectation amongst android users that app-specific bling is much less important than respecting the conventions of the platform and integrating well with other apps . at the same time , the app ecosystem and the consumer market are very different on android . apple has a very large barrier to entry : you can not realistically develop ios apps without buying a mac , and a physical device , and paying a subscription to apple . this means that for the most part , hobbyists and small developers are excluded from this market . in contrast , the android development tools are freely available and support windows , mac , and linux ; there is no subscription to be a developer ; you can get onto google play for a small , one-off fee , or distribute apps outside of google play ( on other app stores or independently ) . for this reason , while android still has all the big-name developers you find writing ios apps , there is also a much larger number of small developers and hobbyists . hobbyists are much less likely to add bling or visual design features to their apps , because they just want to develop something useful . there are a lot of incredibly well-written and useful hobbyist and open-source apps , but they are much less likely to add visual design varnish to them . as well as bringing down the average amount of varnish for an app , this also feeds back into the consumer expectation that android apps do not need so much bling .
if you are happy with a solution that you can use on a pc , then superuser . com has this : how do i convert an animated gif to a youtube friendly video format ? for an on-android solution , none of the video coverters specifically mention this but as the ffmpeg library does support this ( as seen in the superuser answer ) , apps like video converter android or media converter and so on , being ffmpeg based , should be able to do it .
you can use this online tool to convert it : http://www.giftovideo.com/ regarding tools , you could use ffmpeg + imagemagick , but it is kind of tricky finding the correct options . there is some instructions here . i tried but some of the cases did not work .
hdr has not to be enabled on the device . it is a software feature , combining multiple photos ( see : bracketing ) into one . so you will need a camera app supporting this . afaik the stock camera shipping with android 4.2+ does so , plenty more are available on google play ( not necessarily requiring android 4.2+ , most will run on your device ) . see e.g. camera hdr studio or hdr camera for apps explicitly dedicated to this feature , or camera fv-5 for an all-round-camera having this feature " amongst others " . more to find out there . a helpful article to read on the topic : how to use hdr on your android device .
virtually all android devices have the developer options menu . this is stock android ; a carrier or device manufacturer would have to explicitly remove it . if they did , the hue and cry from actual android developers would be very loud ; some might even refuse to develop for such a device , which would have a negative impact on device sales . in ice cream sandwich , it is grown lots of extra options , as you have noticed . the developer options are mostly useful to actual developers , though some of them are useful to power users . for instance , " usb debugging " allows a user to control their android from their pc with adb ; that could be anything from side-loading an apk to rooting the device . privacy fanatics will appreciate " allow mock locations" ; when this option is on they can use simple apps to generate false geolocation data . and my personal favorite is " stay awake " which prevents the phone from sleeping or blanking the display while it is on the charger . if you are having a problem with these options getting enabled while the device is in your pocket , as in your other question , consider using a screen lock . in jelly bean , developer options must be enabled explicitly and a warning dialog appears if you try to enable developer options . this will help prevent you from enabling them accidentally in your pocket .
it turns out that just because you can see and use a map online , that does not mean that google will allow you to make the area available offline . offline maps are only currently available for certain countries , and brazil is not currently one of them , in fact it seems to be a fairly odd selection . google have published the full list of countries that it is available in here : maps for mobile - offline availability edit : note that in a july 2013 google maps update , google made offline maps into a hidden feature with no menu option any more . more about how to make maps available offline here : get offline maps in new google maps
i found that i was able to remove the version of google maps i had installed ( which was 6.11.1 ) and downloaded and installed an older version ( 6.6.0 ) from here which allowed me to pre-cache the area i was previously not allowed to . but in the older version i had to go to settings , labs and turn on the pre-cache option and then long press on the map , click on the balloon , and then scroll to the bottom for the pre-cache option . i do not understand why downloading maps of certain areas is not allowed in newer versions . obviously its not a technical reason . is there some sort of political or legal reason ? other map apps can download maps for the entire world . it really does not make any sense to me . . .
this was fixed in the 4.3 update that came out for my phone lately . all done .
this is possible if you are rooted . there is two applications that i know of which give you a little persistent overlay on the side of the screen , then pop out a full set of soft buttons when you press the overlay . one is softkeys , the other is button savior . i have not seen anything equivalent for non-rooted devices , but there is an app called softhome which adds a home button to your notification bar . it does not have a back button , however , just home .
short answer : no . long answer : not usually , but there some exceptions . in general , to root the phone , you first have to unlock the bootloader . this wipes the internal storage , keeping your data safe . ( it does not usually wipe the sd card , but you have to assume an attacker will just remove the sd card if he wants to read it ) . you had almost think it was designed this way ! you can easily get past a screen lock using adb , but you have already specified that that is disabled . even if usb debugging is enabled on the phone , newer android versions have a " confirm the debugging key " prompt when you use adb from a new pc , which requires the attacker to unlock the screen anyway . some phones have low-level security vulnerabilities that are not part of android . for example , you used to be able to root any exynos4 device ( such as the samsung galaxy s3 ) by running an app that abused the camera interface to exploit the way the camera driver works . ( this flaw has now been fixed in ota updates . ) in this particular case , you had need to install a special app of your choice onto the phone and run it to exploit the vulnerability . it is likely that any future errors like this will also need the attacker to run a special app , so can not be used on a locked phone with usb disabled , but it is conceivable that some flaw might be added that could be exploited from the lock screen ( perhaps using mtp or usb-otg ) . the last exception is , of course , if the bootloader is already unlocked . in this case , the attacker can flash anything he likes to the system . he would not even need to root the phone : he could simply disable the lock screen and reboot the phone to get to the home screen . some users think that bootloader locking is just to make things harder for users , but it is an important part of android 's security mechanism .
nexus 7 does not support ums ( usb mass storage ) out of box . but , it supports file transfer by mtp ( media transfer protocol ) . mtp allows you to push and pull any type of files from sdcard , but it does not allow you to edit files directly on sdcard ( like you do with ums mode ) . from your screenshot , it looks like your nexus 7 is connected with ptp ( photo transfer protocol ) , also known as camera mode . switch to mtp mode and do whatever you want . also make sure your pc os supports mtp .
for some reason , instagram still pushes notifications when your facebook friends join instagram , even if you have disabled all notifications in the instagram app . to try and actually disable all instagram notifications , i went to my phone 's " settings " , selected " apps " ( under the " device " category ) , looked at all downloaded apps , selected " instagram " , and unchecked the " show notifications " option . it warned me that i might miss important updates ( thank goodness ) and i said " ok " .
it is quite easy . go to instagram app tap on your own name in stream ( or the card icon ) to go to your profile tap the 3 vertical dots next to your name tap Edit profile scroll down , tap Push notifications uncheck what you do not want . voila !
so what i have discovered so far . . . android does not have this functionality yet and you will need to install a 3rd party app to get this . an app that i found works is ' swift contacts ' . whats nice is i am able to type the name of the person right in the ' to:' field and it does a lookup and completes the email address . the only problem is i think this app will stop working after a period of time if you dont pay for it . are there any free alternatives ?
undeleted my answer , though it is incomplete . i am aware that even with root access , there are certain things a rooted app can not do . elixir 2 , for example has a system add-on which allows the gps toggle to turn on gps directly through its widget . without this , the gps toggle opens the screen for you to turn on the gps manually . maybe someone else can explain . an app is either a user app or a system app . a user app is stored in the /data folder , while a system app is stored in the /system folder . to access either folder , you need root access . giving a user app root access means it can perform actions that requires root access , such as accessing / modifying system files . but what makes a system app unique is that it does not get deleted if you do a Factory Reset . it becomes part of the android operating system . related questions : what are the differences between a system app and user app ? permission is only granted to system app , in manifest - see the answer here
in some trains you sit like inside an faraday cage , as they even metallized the windows -- thus no signal can get through . that is also why you have special " mobile phone " zones in some trains : here they placed something like a little " repeater " inside this section of the train , capturing the signal from outside the cabin ( and transmitting it back the same way , of course ) . however , they do not do that for gps .
you could try cyanogenmod 9 ( there is a release candidate now ) : cm9 has support for the motorola xoom ( wifi ) , and the motorola xoom ( verizon ) at this point . here 's cyanogenmod 's update guide from their wiki for the xoom . you have to backup your device in advance , of course ( using titaniumbackup for example ) .
the path i have taken is to install wingray . this is a build of cm9 ( android 4 . x ics ) specifically for the xoom table . so i got to go strait to ics and keep root . just had to re-flash with this image !
i have posted the question on same link shown in question . till that i tried everything format sd card totally , also tried different roms of ics still it was not worked . then as in reply i got on that forum saying install gingerbread rom then root it , use ota root keeper and upgrade . so i did similar to that i installed gingerbread . then i formatted all using cwm . then i installed new ics refrec v2 rom . and then after i tried to root it . and it worked . hope so if anyone face the same problem they can downgrade to gb then again move to ics to root it after flash if their favorite rom does not come rooted . : )
the salsa is supported by the official htcdev bootloader unlock process while this does not make your phone s-off ( which would allow overwriting things like the radio software ) , it does make enough of the partitions writable to install custom recoveries like clockworkmod , root the device ( by installing rooting packages like superuser or supersu ) , and install custom roms that do not need updated bootloaders ( the vast majority ) .
of course i would figure this out just after asking the question : you can view the application details in landscape mode by first selecting the application in the left-side panel , then clicking the larger application icon or title in the right-side pane .
i activated that phone with a prepaid plan and did not pay anything and successfully able to use it in wifi .
there is problem with the mtp driver in windows xp . it will connect in ptp mode thats why it is showing as camera . you can search in microsoft forum for enabling mtp but still not sure whether it will work or not . change the os or install sony pc companion
if you have upgraded from gingerbread , android 4.0 does not allow for direct mounting of the phone memory/sd . this means that your phone will show up as either a media player or camera .
you probably have the phone set to connect in ptp mode . when you connect , there should be a notification that you have connected to a computer . open that notification and it should allow you to select a different mode , usually either msc ( mass storage , used on pre-4.0 ) or mtp ( media transfer , 4.0 and newer ) . alternatively , look in the settings for a usb connection mode option .
if you want easy root access and developer support , it would be a good idea to get a well known android device from the likes of samsung/htc/sony , etc . i do not think there is good support for niche and low volume tablets . sorry to be the bearer of bad news . edit : you can do something like this : look up the odm of your tablet . it probably is some chinese no-label company . see other tablets which are based on it and check if you could root them .
usually , mobile data should be turned off automatically by the system when wifi is connected . if you are sure it is mobile data which is on , you could try some automation tools to handle this , e.g. tasker ( condition : wifi connected , task : mobile data off ) , or llama - location profiles ( here i do not know the steps , but it can do that as well ) .
the android firmware is composed of several image files . these image files are flashed to ( device specific ) locations on your devices internal memory . typically these images are for the bootloader , recovery , fastboot , and the system ( os ) . the remaining memory is mapped to your internal storage . since each device expects them to be located at different locations depending on the manufacturer , you cannot modify them safely .
i have it for a week , and i believe i have managed to test most of its functions . wifi works , bt works , bouth sims works perfectly , camera 2.0mpix , flash works , market works , better to charge in external charger because small nokia or usb cable ( samsung ) not always works . g sensors works ( labyrinth ) . too slow for abduction or nfs . you can chose use gprs from sim1 , sim2 ar non of them . without microsd it is useless . tv ( analog ) works . generay its too slow for games , but seems a good phone .
no , there is still no dual-sim or multi-sim support in android itself . there is nothing to stop manufacturers extending their rom to support two or more sim cards , and several have done this . there are some phones where you have to reboot to switch sims , like in the old days with dumbphones , and some phones , such as this one , where you can actually be on standby on two networks at once . the only limitation is that third-party apps ( such as dialers you download from google play ) can only see one of the sim cards - because that is all the standard android framework can expose .
a3000 is a real dual standby android phone . it allows selecting a sim when you call or send an sms . and also you receive calls to any sim . when you talk to one sim , the second shows busy too . i have just got this phone ( this morning ) from alibaba . com and now i am testing it . hello from siberia : )
it sounds like a defective unit . i would send it in for warranty replacement . if it is getting warm while plugged in the power is shorting out the unit causing it to show no life but receive power .
the lgpl license might be problematic for this use , but you might start with andpdf and strip the features you do not want .
the best decision so far is : download sqlite database editor . ( root is required ! ) go to " application databases " choose : internet ( with icon of earth and small script com . android . browser /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db choose from tables - " password " press select* enjoy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there is no functionality to view saved passwords included in the stock browser . the only method for retrieving passwords saved in the stock browser is to open the webview.db file ( it is an sqlite database ) in /data/data/com.android.browser and look at the password table ( it is stored in the clear , no encryption or anything ) , but that requires root .
you would better off getting a pair of usb headphones than streaming it to your phone .
i have not found a good solution for this to work over usb , but i have gotten it to work over wifi as well , with a much cheaper ( free , or $3.99 if you want network compression ) option with soundwire than the airfoil solution in mannii88 's video .
this video may help . it is through wifi . if you have connected through usb or something else , you can play media files through your handset . there are apps for that . but , since you are asking for every computer sound , guess , you can do that only through wifi . hope that youtube video helps ! thanks ! vote , if you find this helpful . :- )
that is going to depend on how much you are using it during the day , i would say start at 700 and move it around until it feels smooth for you . i would not push the phone that high , first it is going to overheat pretty quickly , which can permanently brick your phone . even 800 is going to be rough on it so i would not leave it up that high for very long . i have got an eris ( did a little looking around , and the droid cpu is set at 550mhz whereas the eris is set at 528mhz as reference points ) so this is going to be a little different than what you have got , but here 's my profiles so you can tweak as needed . temp > 36.9 c 528mhz/160mhz priority : 100 ( this is the failsafe setting , if the phone get 's too hot it'll cut the cpu speed so the phone can cool down and prevent any damage ) charging/full 729mhz/528mhz priority : 80 ( if the phone is plugged in , it can run a little harder , but i also do not use my phone much when it is plugged in ) battery &lt ; 100% 710mhz/528mhz priority : 50 ( this is the normal use setting , which keeps the phone moving smoothly , but does not get too hot ) the most important thing is that you have scaling set to ondemand . this will turn the processor down if it is not being used . hence , on the last setting , it is very rarely at 710mhz and is most often below 550mhz . second to remember is not to set the minimum too low , or the phone will have trouble waking up from sleep . you will need to do a little digging around to find out what the ideal min is for the droid , but i would suspect above 160 mhz would be safe for you . those should cover most bases , at bare minimum add the failsafe profile so that you do not lose your phone .
under tools there should be a MessageSave command that will allow you to export your contacts to a . vcf file , which you can put on your sd card and import from the contacts application on your phone . this is a link to doing the same thing with the goal of exporting for mac devices , but should work the same , and this is a detailed step by step to bulk export to a single vcard . both should do the same thing , and both should get your contacts to your android phone !
the process is pretty straight-forward . in outlook , export your contacts into a coma-delimited text file ( . csv ) . depending on the version of ms outlook you are running , the location of this feature may be under a different menu item . open up a browser , go to gmail and login with the same google account you use on your android phone . click on the " contacts " link , then click on the " more actions " button and select the " import " option . now navigate to wherever you have saved the csv file from step 1 and select it . after the import process completed , your gmail account should now have all of your outlook contacts . on your android phone ensure that your google account is set to synchronize the contacts by going to menu -> settings -> accounts and sync , selecting your google account and ensuring that there is a checkmark next to " contacts " . also make sure you are allowing background data and auto-sync on the previous screen . again tap on your google account and un-check/re-check the box next to " contacts " to force an immediate sync . wait several minutes and check the contacts app - all of your exported contacts from outlook should now be on your phone . keep in mind that this is a one-time , one-way sync . if you want to have any changes you make in outlook to automatically sync to your android phone , you will need a 3rd-party application on your windows machine that will auto-upload your changes to your google account .
go contact sync will sync your contacts between your outlook and your google account . your android device will then sync with your google account and everything will be in sync . you can probably find tools to sync your calendar as well , if you wanted to .
android supports the rtsp protocol ( i believe using videoview ) , i am not sure if this has everything you are looking for .
8pen has now answered this at their official support site : you are right , in the early version of the 8pen from november 2010 , we included a popup window . it is now removed , but we are considering putting it back again , as you are not the only one requesting this feature . by the way , are you aware of the game "8pen wordcup " , available for free on the market ( http://goo.gl/qvpiw ) ? that should get you quickly up and running with the new layout , so you will not need to be looking for letters all the time .
here is the way i used to do it ( make sure all of your contacts are backed up to google ) : delete all non google contacts . add contacts to phone that you do not want to appear . delete the contacts from google that you just added to your phone . in you contact book : menu button > contacts to display > google only now your contact book will only show your google contacts , but your phone contacts will show up if the person calls you . this is a little inconvienent if you like to use both your google and phone contacts for different things . note : this process can be reversed to get the opposite effect ( store main contacts on phone , store contacts of people you do not want to see on google ) .
by default , the stock player has the player controls in android . play a song from your stock music player app ( the one which was originally included in your mobile ) and play a song . when you turn off the screen and get back to the lock screen , you must be able to see the player controls . you can also try sony walkman which offers a number of features including lock screen controls . you can also use an app like simply lockscreen to enable music player functionality to your lock screen .
the upgrade to android 4.3 came from my service provider last week , so i upgraded . now i can play and pause music from the lock screen !
textmaker mobile is the only word processor that lets you open / save .odt - plus plenty of other formats , and you may convert one into another . this app is full of features , e.g. , including a very good on-the-fly spell checker , footnotes , endnotes , comments , track changes , embedding of any font , access to several file hosting services etc . , all truetype and opentype fonts can be embedded , it has a broad range of formatting and layout options , access and so much more .
currently there is no such software . however , the libreoffice team is working on an app . a prototype was reviewed e.g. here , if you want to take a look . no release date so far , but it will hopefully hit the market soon -- it is really strongly needed , as there is not a single office app capable of working with opendocument formats ( aside from androffice , which is a spreadsheet-only app and obviously discontinued , as it is no longer listed on the playstore ) . until then : there is a viewer app available at least , openoffice document reader . . . update : meanwhile , things have changed , and you have the choice between andropen office and textmaker mobile for read/write access , as well as coffice and the already mentioned opendocument reader for read-only access .
tree command is not instaled by default . i do not know how to install it in android via terminal but you could allways use the ls command , but yes it does not show you a tree format that it is easy to understand , but still does the job . ls -d */  only list the directories in the current directory . ls -ltr  list all files by the time they were last modified in reverse order . in other words the last files listed are the most recently modified files . i will try and find a way to install the tree package . if i find something i will let you know . also install busybox to have more unix command avaible . reference
tree  is not even installed on ubuntu by default . that said , you can install busybox on non cyanogenmod roms that lack common utilites . ymmv , but on most " stock " roms seem to lack the utilities . afaik busybox does not include tree . always do a backup first !
when google cloud messaging receives a message from google , it sends a broadcast to the related app . the app can receive this broadcast even if no service was running , and it can respond by starting a service , or by creating a notification from within the broadcast receiver itself . part of the android developers ' documentation explains the process step-by-step . there is a lot of detail there that you only need to know to write an app that uses google cloud messaging , but it might help satisfy your curiosity .
if i remember correctly , you can drag the frame to the full size of the image , so that the whole picture will be selected as background .
the above answer is vague . here 's a more complete answer . first go through the wallpaper settings and open the image you want to use for wallpaper . you will be prompted to crop it . second drag the cropping reticule to the bottom right corner . third drag the left edge of the cropping reticule all the way to the left edge of the screen . the reticule should grow to encompass the whole image . lastly tap the " crop " button at the top right . it will " crop " the image to the size that it already is , and set it as your wallpaper . dénouement all this because the developers who wrote the wallpaper cropping app could not be bothered to check whether the selected image is already the correct size for the device . all they had to do was say " this image is already the right size . would you like to crop it anyway ? " , and give us buttons labeled " crop it " and " just use it " . instead , we are stuck with this thoroughly non-intuitive mess . well done , android devs . slow clap in case anyone is curious , the wallpaper shown in the screenshots above comes along with mckinley tabor 's excellent asus transformer prime wallpaper template .
the chrome page in the app store says this about the new permissions : this version requests two new permissions , camera and modify audio settings , to support webrtc , an experimental feature under development . webrtc itself is designed to expose your camera and mic to the browser , so that web-apps can implement video-conferencing and other multimedia solutions in-browser . the webrtc people have at least nominally considered the privacy implications , by adding an info-bar to chrome : chrome on windows is said to have access to your camera and mic . so if you use chrome on windows ( and soon firefox too ) then you are implicitly trusting the vendor of those programs to not take pictures of you when you do not authorize it . the same is true for android . one hopes that they do not introduce security flaws that allow unauthorized access to the camera/mic by malicious websites . as to what you can do about it , on a rooted phone you can uninstall chrome or install a permissions-control app that denies permissions to installed apps . you can switch to a different browser that does not support webrtc . otherwise you are stuck with what android provides . if you decide that you trust microsoft or apple more than google , you can switch . or maybe you trust an open-source android variant like cyanogenmod . for myself i consider the fact that google already has a bunch of apps on my phone which have access to my camera and mic , so if google wanted to spy on me they already can . heck , they could build that right into the os and just not tell anyone . google apps that can access the camera/mic : search voice search plus translate drive shopper goggles youtube remote youtube not to mention the camera app which is built-in to the phone . edit : the question was updated with a screenshot of what the phone shows when you are prompted to update the app . unfortunately at this time there does not seem to be a way for app developers to document why they need particular permissions , except in external sources . for example , this chrome update states why it needs the permission in the " what is new " page . however , if you do not look there and just see the scary warning , you are left wondering what is going on . as an app developer i wish we could add help text to the permissions page to explain to the user why we need the permissions and how the privacy policy protects the user . google could certainly make this more usable and less scary .
most apps save their settings and preferences to the internal memory . however , many apps are written to use the sd card for some storage as well . this is usually done to prevent taking up too much space on the ( often very limited ) internal memory . for example , many apps with " offline " mode ( e . g . news readers ) will place downloaded content onto a folder on the sd card . some apps handle disappearance of such cache from the sd card better than others . in most cases though , you can get away with clearing the app cache and data via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications menu , then tapping on the app , and tapping " clear data " and " clear cache " buttons , if available . uninstall and re-install is a last resort option and should always work .
i believe it depends on how that app was using the sd card or if it was installed on it . if the app was moved to the sd card it will probably have to be uninstalled/reinstalled .
in my case , i am on android 4.2.2 so things should not be changed much on your environment . however , what i do , from settings> application/apps i get my all applications installed on my device . so , if any application supports to be moved on to sd card , i can simply move it by pressing the application icon> move to sdcard . if it does not help . try using link2sd . this should do your job .
go to settings , language and keyboard and see if there is another keyboard you can enable and use . if there is one , check the box to enable it . then go out and open something that requires text input like an text message . long click on the text field and choose input method . then change to the keyboard you just enabled . see if it has the microphone . if you only have one keyboard to enable you could try a third party one like swiftkey beta . i use it and it has a microphone option for speech input . plus the keyboard rocks with all kinds of great features .
the new ota update of android version 2.10.405.2 included a voice-to-text option on the keyboard . the microphone key is located on the left of the comma key . nb : i believe this update has only so far been released to unlocked htc phone users only . . . if your phone is locked to a network you must wait for your network to push the update .
samsung devices are ' known ' for their excessive use of internal memory for android system files and samsung 's own programs ( bloatware ? ) . to free this space you will need to root the device and put a slimmer rom on it . rooting is a practice which requires some knowledge what you are doing and it will void your warranty . if you have no idea what rooting is , i would recommend you to stay away from this practice since it can not only void your warranty , but also render you device useless ( so-called ' brick ' it ) . if you do know what rooting is , then you will also know which sites to use for this , so i will not tell them here . hope you will understand i am trying to avoid inexperienced readers from doing things to their devices which they regret . good luck ! : )
the keyword is : " active display " . use that in a search ( a better custimized google search here ) turns up a whole lot of good candidates ( oh , and a bunch of not-candidates , unfortunately ) . it might be useful ignoring the ones from motorola itself , as they are probably intended for their device ( s ) ( checking can not hurt , though ) . just a few picks right from the first page : active display and battery active display are two examples of apps emulating moto 's active display on other devices as i wrote , these are only the first two candidates picked up , and there are probably several more you might wish to check out for yourself . good luck !
again something tasker is able to solve ( and maybe one of its " free alternatives " such as llama as well – but as a tasker user , i can better describe it for that ) : both apps can act on events , and execute tasks . so let me construct a fake-profile ( use it as " guide " , not literally ) : condition : received text ( tasker does not differentiate between sms and mms here ) task : mobile data → on wait → 1 min ( set a time frame sufficient to connect and download the mms ) exit-task : ( optional ) mobile data → off the exit-task is optional . by default , tasker restores the " before-state " automatically . so what would this do ? whenever a message ( sms or mms ) is received , it would turn on mobile data for a minute to download the text , and then automatically switch it off again . as i am not sure whether an incoming mms would even be signaled with data off , let 's have a " plan b": condition : state→mobile network is on task : wait → 10 min ( adjust time frame to fit your needs ) exit-task : mobile data → off this would be a kind of " do not forget me " timer : if your girlfriends mother turns on data to receive the mms , and forgets to turn it off again , it would automatically be turned off after the configured time-frame . here the exit-task is mandatory , so tasker does not restore the " before-state " .
it is simple . download the whatsapp messenger app on to your tablet . it is free for a whole year , then you pay $1/year to keep using it . by default , whatsapp is not compatible with tablets , but there is a work-around for that . . . . . . right here you can also try line , which is another messenging app . also . . . textplus has the least amount of work to setup ( it is compatible with tablets ) , but it allows you to send texts and make calls . though it is not as good as whatsapp or line i have also tried mightytext , which works just fine . not sure why it will not work for your phone . . .
if something like that should happen , you can just get your carrier to " port " your phone number to a new sim card , and use that in the replacement/spare device . this is more or less the same process you use to transfer your number to a different carrier , but a lot simpler in this case . after all , they are the ones in control of what phone number goes with what sim . ask the carrier for a replacement sim and they should be happy to oblige .
no . it is not possible to get this information with the android sdk . you might get this information if you have access to the drivers and the kernel of your device .
look at the no video player app .
this may be a silly thing to say , but have you tried loading a site with flash , and letting it play ? i would have thought it would just continue even if the screen goes blank . if it does stop when the screen goes blank , can you download it and play it using one of the audio players that supports . flv and has the option to continue playing in the backgound ? is there an app that can play . flv ? regarding playing non-mp4 or h . 264: chinese app called wuzhenhua player rockplayerbase coreplayer , but does not seem to support android ( it is got a mobile version :/ ) droidacir says it supports . flv-based audio streams another flv player here 's a so question about having trouble stopping flash when leaving the browser . hth
this is an old question , but there just might be an answer which someone might benefit from . take a look at uz media player https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.uzumaki.android.mediaplayer
if you have root , i really recommend you titaniumbackup !
i heard dropbox is a good alternative , but i have not tried it myself .
i do not you are running out of available ram . you should try using a memory booster like go task manager to clear some up .
it should be under " status " , in the " about tablet " menu .
if you are rooted , disable your proximity sensor in a call . to do so , add following line to /system/build.prop file : gsm.proximity.enable=false . if you do not use proximity sensor other than in call , you can disable it fully . to do so , use hardware disabler app . but , make sure you have selected correct driver of proximity sensor , otherwise you will brick your device . to find correct driver of proximity sensor , you can either google or find it using android sensor box app . plus , make sure to make screen timeout period long . you can use widgetsoid app ( or , other toggle apps ) to make it infinite .
i do not think there is a way . the phone is like an app , it will run until it times out and brings you to the lock screen . it happens a lot in games and stuff when you are not active and the phone thinks you are away so it turns the screen off to save battery . it happens to me when i talk on the phone for a long period of time . you can either completely disable the lock screen , or keep it on . i do not believe that there is alternative . the lock screen does this for your own " safety " and there are no exceptions . you can , however , extend the time limit you have until your phone locks itself .
first , you can decide what data you want to sync with google . in the accounts settings , you can disable contacts sync , and so only sync your calendar data , which would solve one of your items . concerning sms , there are several backup and restore apps available on the market . the probably most popular one is sms backup and restore . second item solved . as for your apps settings , and " etc " -- that will get a bit more difficult . if your devices are both rooted , it could be done using titanium backup . without root it is almost impossible -- except for those few apps using the google backup api ( you can decide to have your " data " backed up to google servers in your device 's settings ) . as each app runs in its own sandbox , without root no other app can access its data .
aosp video playback samsung 's touchwiz framework includes samsung 's own video player for android . it is a decent player and covers a lot of different video formats . aosp ( android open source project ) roms come with the ' stock ' video player , which does not seem to have the wide array of features that samsung provide . samsung video player apk : i found a link to the apk for samsung video player . here is the player as you said , you would have to install vlc , mx or an alternative player on aosp to enable more video formats . i think the trade off of downloading an app , vs reinstalling the laggy , bloated touchwiz is an easy choice , but it depends on what you prefer . it would personal choice really . galaxy s5 video player you can actually install galaxy s5 apps on your s4/note 2/3 as well . this xda thread has the apk files for galaxy s5 applications , including video player added bonus : other samusng apps : this xda thread has samsung apps you can flash via custom recovery . however , it requires a custom recovery , and the video player is not listed . here are the apps you can install , perhapst he samsung app store would have the video player : samsung apps store polaris office touch wiz 4 hd launcher touch wiz clock package samsung task manager memo ( not s memo )
a workaround at least while in the main launcher home screen is to press menu and then notifications . else get hellostatusbar and assign it to a shortcut key . you can also try status bar expander which uses a long-press on the menu key to drop the bar wherever you are . naturally , ymmv as certain devices do not support these apps .
from the sony mobile site there does not seem to be a file manager included in sony 's rom . however , many excellent file managers are available on the play store . i personally use es file exploerer for many years now and it is excellent . astro file manager is also very popular . here 's a search for many , many more posibilities
i have xperia tipo device in which astro file manager was pre installed in it . but i like file manager ( explorer ) by rhythm software which is really good .
as described in this how-to , you can do this by installing a " chrooted " linux distro on android such as ubuntu , and then downloading , installing and configuring hamachi manually . hamachi is a vpn program which can be used to link up computers . with hamachi on an android you would be able to access the files on multiple computers from anywhere in the world ( provided that you have wifi , 3g , 4g or any other type of internet connection on your phone ) this is useful when programs like dropbox can not hold the file that you want because it is too large and you know that you will need it at some point when you are on the go . to get hamachi on android there are a few requirements which must be met first : internet access . ubuntu/debian/backtrack or any other linux distro on your phone . rooted phone ( root access ) . once those 3 requirements have been met you should be set to go . boot up the linux distro on your phone either open up the browser on the distro or the browser on your phone . go to http://www.mediafire.com/?jwng92o6j56ov8l and download the hamachi file . if you did this on the distro then you may skip to step 5a if it has not happened already , move that whole file to emmc on your phone ( 5a . move the hamachi file from the downloads folder in the distro to /root ) open up the distro and copy that hamachi file from /mnt/emmc to /root open terminal and cd into that directory and run the following commands sh ./install mkdir /dev/net mknod /dev/net/tun c 10 200 apt-get install sudo apt-get install libcrypto++7 ln -s /usr/lib/libcrypto.so.0.9.8 /usr/lib/libcrypto.so.0.9.7 sudo tuncfg hamachi-init hamachi start hamachi login hamachi set-nick [ enter desired nickname here ] hamachi join [ networkname ] [ password ] done .
use another launcher ( for example , nova launcher ) .
edit : just came across kitkat launcher , a clone of the stock kk launcher with some mods . more info on their xda thread . jboi explained : unless you write you own homescreen launcher or use an existing one from goolge play , there is no way to resize icons . well , no way does not mean its impossible : as said , you can write your own launcher as discussed in stackoverflow . you can resize elements on the home screen , but these elements are appwidgets . since api level 14 they can be resized and user can - in limits - change the size . but that are widgets not shortcuts for launching icons .
i do not believe there are any android applications that will allow you to make notes on pdf files . you might be better off looking towards a windows capable tablet , since you would be able to run acrobat on that .
i dont think the xoom can be used with a pen , it wasnt designed for that , i have a xoom and all i use it for is browsing the internet and playing games , it could be a very useful tool for taking notes and such with the onscreen keyboard and i think it is very handy to have . it has a ton of hard drive space and if you download a good app that lets you take notes then i think it would be good for you , if you dont like typing your notes and you want to actually write them then i dont think the xoom is good for that . you could try using a pen with it but it could scratch the screen , you could ask someone at an at and t or verison store if they would recommend a tablet that suits your needs .
doing a simple google search provides you with a list of how-tos : how to root htc incredible s how to root your htc incredible s how to root htc incredible s all-in-one s-off and root method for incredible s even video tutorials are found : root your htc incredible pt 1 howto unlock htc incredible s + cyanogenmod 7 part 1 ( part 2 and 3 are linked there ) with so many sources available , you should be able to find what you are looking for . and in case it is all to scary : we already have august , so . . . htc incredible s to receive ice cream sandwich update by end of august
my android 2.2 ( samsung galaxy fit ) has two installed calendar provider . when i create a new calender-entry i can choose to put it into my own lcal calender or into the "xxx@googlemail.com-calender" in the cloud . i am not shure whether this is samsung specific or android standard .
i believe user 's zoks .netapplication is exactly what is required to answer the question . if you also want the new local calendars synced between your phone and other locations ( your own http/webdav/caldav/ftp server for example ) you might want to consider calendarsync . it has a hefty price tag , imho . but it does what it says it does . and is still being developed as of today . ( i am not affiliated with the app 's developers at all ) . calendarsync can also create local , standard android calendars . and all such calendars can always be accessed by other , normal calendar applications such as acalendar or digical . if you do not want any sync functionality zoks .netcalendar manager is an easy to use solution .
you could try calapp . calapp is a ical file browser and calendar application . it allows you to import events , todos , journal entries from ical , icalendar , ics , vcs formatted files to your smartphone and browse them selectively . it has a built-in calendar to store your notes , appointments , todo list etc .
https://market.android.com/details?id=de.mgsimon.android.andtidwiki and a tiddlywiki . html + calendar plugin
as far as i know , the only ' non-cloud ' one is ancal , which unfortunately seems a bit lacking in features . ( there does not seem to be a way to set alarm or silent , set end of event , export/import events . . . worse yet , it beeps for alarms that were a day ago ! ? )
recently created localcalendar app is what we needed . it works on android 2 . x too and is open source . ( github )
please check my android app called calendar manager . it creates a local calendar database which does not sync to any cloud storage . you can use other calendar apps to manage your appointments , since the databse integrates nicely into the android system . however , you can synchronize the database with your pc using software like myphoneexplorer . note : it only works on android 4 . x+
i developed an application named " local sync " for windows/outlook systems . you can visit the website for my project to see if it suits your needs . here is a brief excerpt : local sync application implements data synchronization ( tasks with color categories , notes with color categories , categories , contacts with color categories , files and calendar ) between android 2.2 and greater and microsoft outlook 2007 and greater via wi-fi , usb cable or bluetooth ( via bluetooth pan - wifi must be on ) . it is possible to synchronize one android device with many pcs and one pc with many android devices ( e . g . synchronize android with notebook and pc at home and with pc at work ) - local sync is primarily designed to support such a scenario .
i was recently recommended colornote , which keeps its calendar data separate from the stock calendar storage , and so ( presumably ) is less likely to accidentally send your private data to cloud services you do not wish to use . it has a very clean month-view , but the day view is quite limited - you can only see the first ten characters of each item ( at least on my tiny samsung galaxy europa ) and appointment times cannot be set , only appointment reminders . so for me - a substantial calendar user - it is not sufficient . i have tried a lot of calendar applications , and i am seeing that the vast majority of these interface with the stock calendar - the ui is very good , and i should think it saves developers a ton of work . hence , you need to be careful to keep the google account sync options disabled - turn it on and your data will be send to the cloud in short order - i.e. game over if you are opposed to this . ( the google account cannot be removed from the phone , as other applications " require " it ) . personally , i am considering a good calendar app that works with the stock calendar , then rooting the phone and installing a firewall . my guess is that i can limit the applications that use google services to a minimum ( i.e. . market/play ) so i can have reasonable confidence i am not going to accidentally use their calendar cloud . i appreciate this faffing is not of interest to everyone - but i would argue the process of not using the cloud really ought to be easier !
i think business calendar may fit your needs . although it has cloud sync , you can choose to use local only .
alternatively open up the play music app on your phone . using the menu navigate to my library . choose the album view . under the album picture is the 3 dots , press on them to bring up menu options , one of which is keep on device . press that to download the music to your phone . you can specify phone or sd card ( if available ) by going into the play music settings option and changing the storage location under the downloading options .
it is actually pretty simple but not obvious at first . create a playlist ( e . g . ' offline' ) open google play music on your android device and select the playlist check ' keep on device ' for the playlist go to http://music.google.com and add tracks to this playlist you device will download the tracks , even if you add them with the web interface
you could load a silent . mp3 sample as well .
the only way to mute group messages is to mute them for a time period , and the maximum duration is 1 week . to do this , open the group conversation you had like to mute , press menu and select Mute and then select the desired duration ( 8 hours , 1 day , 1 week ) . unfortunately this means you have to do this weekly and separately for all groups .
based on a google search it is either an allwinner a13 tablet or one of it is clones , but i can not be sure , since the model number is pretty generic for cheap chinese tablets . some specs can be found on slatedroid .
super easy : go to all settings about device ( in my case about phone ) then you should see where it says Model Number that is your device . mine says : droid razr m as the model number ( not really a number but whatever ) . a quick google search will give you the specs you want . just search for your model + " specs " and you should be able to find it pretty easily . edit : if the model number did not give you enough info , try searching the model number along with the system version , it might give you more information . you could also use the screen size specified in the hardware information to narrow your results .
i used android system info app and it gave me a bit more hardware information ( cpu speed , cpu chip , etc . ) but nothing definitive about the manufacturer . . . i guess it will remain a mysterious an allwinner clone . . . thanks for the help , all . . .
download the app cpu identifier , it will tell you all thee info about your device
essentially , for backing up apps or sms , titaniumbackup works wonderfully . i have always relied on it to get my job done . but since you have already backed up your apps , i would suggest you to try moving your app data folder to storage/emulated/0/android/data/ folder instead of where it is now , and if it is a . obb folder , move it to /android/obb . it'll pick up your settings .
after some investigation , i found a fix that works for me . use this at your own risk . first , the summary : the file /data/misc/rild_ril . clip is a single byte , either ascii '1' or ascii '0' . somehow this value is being flipped from '1' to '0' during low storage space conditions and causes the problem . the solution is to either edit the file , or just delete it and let it be rebuilt . the steps to fix this problem on your device without losing any data are as follows : requirements : adb or a terminal/console application steps : 1 ) get to a shell prompt . if you are using adb , it is " adb shell " . if you are using a terminal/console app , just launch it . 2 ) type " rm /data/misc/rild_ril . clip " 3 ) reboot the phone . that is it . please let me know if it works/does not work for you .
dashclock widget is an amazing app to let you view missed calls or notifications right from your lock screen for android 4.2 and up . since you are still on android 4.1.2 , install widgetlocker lock screen and use it .
this can happen if the download cache is full or nearly full , and the download would fill your internal storage . try cleaning out your caches to free up some space ( sd maid is a good free app for this ) and seeing if the downloads will complete then .
i have seen problems when i do not have wifi on for a while . some updates are marked as wifi-only due to the large size , even if you have turned off " update over wi-fi only " in the market settings ( which i assume you have unchecked ) . i think there may be other quirks with the market app . for example , if you are in airplane mode but have wifi on , the market may think you are offline and refuse to work . it may ( or may not ) help to switch between having auto-update on globally ( in market settings ) vs . having it off but enabling auto-update for individual apps . btw i just enable auto-update for apps that i trust and know i will not read the update log for before accepting the update .
problem solved with hangouts version 2.1.223 . in " settings " we now have an option do " unhide " contacts . thanks google .
if you have the contact in your contact lists then just type the name in search bar .
make sure satellite layer is off , and swipe the screen down with 2 fingers .
3d maps includes 3d models of some cities . london is not included , yet , but new york is , as are cardiff and birmingham on the uk . you do not need to do anything to view them other than select the map layer , zoom right in , and then swipe down with 2 fingers to angle the view . ( the 3d models appear if you are looking straight down , but it misses the point , somewhat . . . )
you can get free storage space the same way you do on your pc : uninstall some apps you are not using . you might find it useful to go into the device settings , then apps ( or applications manager ) , then press the menu key and choose sort by size to see which are taking up the most space . if you have lots of videos , photos , or music in your internal storage , delete them , or move them to your sd card .
there is no way to add additional ram to your android device ( as you have tagged your question " ram " i assume you are meaning ram ) . so : sorry , you will not be able to solve this .
each vendor is able to customize android to suite their whimsy . i am using a $250usd toshiba thrive ( os 4.0.3 ) , a curtis klu mid704 ( os 4.1.1 , and one of the rockchip clones ) a polaroid branded pmid704 and a zte phone . of all these , the polaroid and curtis have ethernet support in the settings . i am using a radio shack belkin usb-to-ethernet adapter , which is supported off-the-shelf by android . ( only the toshiba thrive has a full size type-a usb jack . the others need adapters , not available at radioshack . ) the polaroid is " broken " in that the ethernet does not work . you click on it in settings and it clicks but does nothing . the crappy $75usd curtis works , it shows me my ip and mac address in settings and i can set static ip parameters including ip address , gateway , netmask , and 2 dns servers . however , the android frameworks ( in the java ( tm ) -like language ) are broken . the connection managers only support wifi and mobile data . you can inquire about the eth0 device but can not open a connection or do anything with it . so basically , your mileage may vary from mfr to mfr , and tabbly to tabbly . good luck ! -dave
short answer : you can not . explanation the tutorials are correct about that : it is impossible without root -- as the playstore app needs to be made a system app ( i.e. . must be installed in /system initially ) , or it will not work . the reason behind it is the permission system : certain permissions are only granted to system apps , and the playstore app needs at least one of them .
microsoft has an ebook gallery available at http://social.technet.microsoft.com/wiki/contents/articles/11608.e-book-gallery-for-microsoft-technologies.aspx there is several slices from sql server books online there .
keep the sd card when you return the phone and put it in the new phone you get . contacts : you contacts are constantly synced with the google account associated with the phone so there is no need to back those up . media : pictures and movies should be stored on the sd card which you will keep . apps : you can back them up to the sd card with a 3rd party app or sign up for appbrain which syncs with your phone and keeps a list of all the installed apps . you can then reinstall them right from appbrain . settings : theres no way out of the box to back up phone and app settings . other : there are a number of free apps in the market that backup particular data like you sms messages , your call log , your apps . . . total solution : there are a couple apps out there that claim to backup and restore the entire phone . i actaully had the same exact problem you are having back in january with my droid . i used a free version of mybackup pro back them but i am sorry to say i can not even remember if it worked . its worth a shot but use caution , it seems to have some mixed reviews .
lookout should do all , or at least most , of this for you . ( warning : market-speak follows ) your mobile device is your most personal computer . it contains your personal data including contacts , photos , video , e-mail , and text messages . backup your data and keep it safe and secure . whether you accidently delete data , your phone is lost , or even destroyed--your data is safe . you can restore any data with the click of a mouse . changing devices is just as easy and your data can be transferred in seconds .
if you are rooted , you can do a nandroid backup of the entire phone ( it is like taking a snapshot of the phone 's data ) and you should be able to push it on the new phone so long as it is the same model . additionally , if you are rooted , you can use titanium backup on the apps on your phone : it'll do both the app and the data associatied with the app .
most android phones come with an app called " downloads " where you can find any file you may have downloaded from the internet . from there , you should be able to view the picture and set it as your background through the Menu key settings . another way might be to look in your Gallery application ( or any photo viewer ) . most of these will display the downloads folder ( or any folder that holds image files ) , where you can view the image and set it as your background . worst case scenario , i would look in your browser settings to see if you can find a folder path for where it is saving downloaded information ( again , ususally /sdcard/downloads ) and use a file manager ( like x-plore ) to find and open the file , where you will be able to set it as your wallpaper .
i use " wallpaper saver " to save wallpapers when i have thrown away the original . get it from play : [url="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree"]https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=dk.alroe.apps.wallpapersaverfree[/url]
as flow already pointed out in his comment to the question , that is a known bug . however , if you are affected , there is at least a kind of " ugly work-around " , as described in the article how to solve battery issues after ics update in your galaxy note . their conclusion states : anyway , this is a kernel bug in ics , we have to wait for new update . the solution for this is : shutdown your note , peel off the back cover , remove the battery ; hold the battery for more than one min , put the battery back , put back the back cover ; start the phone . then , everything goes back to normal . reboot your phone will not solver this issue , at least for me . next time , when you encounter this issue again , try the procedure again . they further write that , if you once encountered this bug and worked-around this way , it seems it is hard to hit the bug again -- so with some luck , you will only have to do this once . and yes , i saw that article refers to the galaxy note . but talking about a kernel bug in ics , and your tablet being from the same manufacturer , chances are pretty good this solution will apply to your tablet as well .
xda-developers has a link in this thread , grabbed from a cc-may-2010 froyo rom . found it in appbrain and cyrket . also , it is in the market as of sept 14 , 2010 on my incredible . good luck linking to that one .
afaik it isnt possible , because bluetooth protocol currently allows just one-to-one connection . you have to create " master " device which next share keyboard and mouse throw diffrent protocol , eg . wifi . but i still do not see any use for this : )
android comes with sqlite . that should be adequate for most applications .
there are some packages on google play you might wish to check : bit web server ( php , mysql , pma ) ulti server : php , mysql , pma ksweb : server + php + mysql as the names suggest , all these are web servers bundled with mysql and some scripting support ( php ) . a search for mysql might reveal additional candidates .
under ' settings ' there should be an option ' connect to pc ' . from here you can change the connection type or get the phone to ask you each time it plugs in . ( apparently this is an htc sense specific setting ( ? ) so not as relevant here ) . edit : an answer here has directions to the usb settings . if it is still not working after changing the settings it may be worth trying another usb cable . are you sure the cable is working ok ? does the phone indicate that it is charging when it is plugged in to the pc ? the cable needs to be capable of data transfer ( some will only supply power for charging ) . also , the usb port needs to be usb 2.0 , not 1.0 or 1.1 if you are sure the cable is working and the phone is still not recognised this might be a windows problem perhaps . try re-installing the device driver by ' uninstalling ' the phone in device manager ( see link below for details ) : info in answer from this post here
there appears to be a software update coming out to fix this in the " near future " . the actual release date for this update was not specified . . . here is the faq on the motorola website . . .
it looks like it is a common bug with droid x users and there does not currently seem to be a fix . see this relevant thread here .
you are ( not ) in trouble . or at least you cannot tell anymore by simply taking a look at the notification bar . with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) came a few design changes ; one of them was to turn those notification icons permanently gray , officially to be " less distracting " . so how can you tell if there are issues with your connection to the google servers ? according to an androidpit blog , you now have to check with the quick-settings , where problems are indicated by icons turned red/orange .
i think its a bug . just try this it worked for me : first is tap auto rotation ( most important ) go to gallery > pick the photo you want > set as > home screen wallpaper tap the portrait like you did in the pic then keep tilting the phone until the blue box looks portrait . it worked for me .
try can try wallpaper wizardrii .
a " factory reset " only wipes the user data from the device : it does not touch the system apps or operating system at all . you need to either find the apk file you are missing ( perhaps from a friend with the same phone ) and install it as a system app via adb ( since you can not use the phone normally ) , or find the stock rom and reflash it onto your phone using the usual rom-flashing process for your phone .
most android devices are not set up for peripherals ; it would take quite a bit of hacking away to get them to recognize them . that being said , since android is linux based it is entirely possible that linux drivers might work for your device out of the box . i would rate the chances of such as being very low , however . writing your own drivers is certainly possible , but again you had also need the internal framework in place for the kernel , etc to accommodate peripherals . and reverse engineering drivers is not easy ! as for your windows ce device , it is very rare for an other os to be ported for a device ( an exception to the rule : the hp touchpad ) . there is all kinds of major issues with reverse engineering from hardware specs , etc that generally keep that from happening . xda developers would be your best bet for something like that if it exists at all .
if you want to build external devices for android , look at the ioio project as a starting point - it has libraries , etc for doing usb stuff . the sparkfun guys have a board all setup and ready to go as a starting point .
project voodoo is a community-build kernel based on samsung official sources with minimized patches . it provide few fixes focusing on file system , visual and audio improvement , without a lot of changes feature add-on or changing of user experience . in a nutshell , voodoo replaces rfs with ext4 in order to greatly boost your phone’s speed and user experience . require rooted : no custom rom : no custom kernel : yes lagfix : native ext4 user option : multiple builds provied latest stable : beta4 for 2.1 latest development : pre6 for 2.2 ;
one click lag fix a one click application to fix the io performance lag issue by using a ext2 on top on the original rfs . in addition , it provide few utility to optimize io scheduler and also wifi timeout . oclf uses a loopback ext2 mount on top of rfs to store the rfs data inside require rooted : yes android app : market ( todo : add link ) custom rom : no custom kernel : ? ? lagfix : ext2 on rfs user option : in app selection latest stable : 2.2.8
cyanogenmod is a famous community-build android rom for multiple android devices . give you a very different user experience . cyanogenmod is a free , community built distribution of android 2.2 which greatly extends the capabilities of your phone . require flash : yes custom rom : yes ( that is mean no samsung stuffs , changed app launcher , etc ) custom kernel : yes lagfix : hot development latest development : work in progress
doc 's froyo is pretty , great , and i think it is like the go to rom for the moment
you may want to have a look here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=886000
andy appears to be gone , so i am going to post the answer since the problem is solved . according to motorola level 2 technical phone support the only solution to this issue is to restore the phone to it is factory settings .
comment : you probably were unable to get it to work because you may not have had the ftp server set up first . you will need to set up an ftp server on your machine and open the appropriate ports for it to function correctly . are you running windows , linux or mac ?
you could setup a ftp server on your computer and use andftp to connect to it .
you could sign up for dropbox and install their android app . http://www.dropbox.com/android
there is no malicous intent you can safely use it . this app has been part of the android open source project ( aosp ) since at least android 1.5 cupcake and cyanogenmod only adapted it . here 's cm 's source code which shows it was only copied from the original aosp code : https://github.com/cyanogenmod/android_packages_apps_soundrecorder/blame/cm-10.2/androidmanifest.xml here 's the initial aosp version from 2007 which already has the same permission grant : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/soundrecorder/+/e2118f54af4c5215bd988979769e383292b9c9cb/androidmanifest.xml now one may ask why it has this grant in aosp already : i do not know why , it is seemingly not needed .
while strictly speaking , app recommendations are off-topic here – let 's tread it as " how can i do that " . and as this is my second question today , it is time for the app which answers every second question here : tasker , optionally with the autovoice addon for more convenience and flexibility . the tasker userguide explains : calendar insert : insert an entry into the specified calendar . ( more details there ) with autovoice , you can have a widget/shortcut on your homescreen to activate it ( or have tasker do so via some other event , e.g. " shaking the device up-down twice" ) . then speak your command , and tasker would execute the task assigned to what it recognizes . there are tutorials around also explaining how to make a " loop " for the " sorry , i did not understand – please repeat ! " case ; ) drawbacks : both apps come with a fee if you want to really use them . tasker has a 7-day-trial at their homepage , autovoice has a limited " free version " – so you at least have a chance to check first if it meets your requirements . will take a few days getting used to tasker – but once you did , you will wonder how you could do without ☺
the picture viewer of my htc desire work fine for tiff . . . do you try astro ? beamreader is able to do it , but it is expensive . . . however , they offer a 10-day free trial .
touch " applications " touch menu button touch " grid view " touch menu button touch " edit " now you can drag and drop icons to/from shortcut bar
no , ota updates only work with unmodified system images . if you can download a new official system image , you will still be able to flash that yourself , but you will probably have to root again after you have done that .
install soundabout and route the audio to the headphones .
it seems that you have a boot loop or some other booting problem . you can try clearing dalvik cache and rebooting . to clear dalvik cache , press and hold home button when phone is booting . this takes you to cwm . go to advanced > wipe dalvik cache . if that does not fix , data wipe-> flash rom-> wipe dalvik cache and reboot . if it still does not boot , i suggest reverting to cm7 otherwise . cm support for ace is patchy beyond cm7 ( i learnt this the hard way after flashing my aunt 's phone with an experimental cm9 build ) .
according to the cyanogenmod devices overview page the samsung galaxy ace is not supported by cm9 and cm10 . the download page for the galaxy ace only has cm7 roms and the links for cm9 and 10 lead to their google plus post about not supporting first generation snapdragon devices past the cm7 branch . that post can be seen here . it looks like someone may have compiled a cm10 " lite " rom from the cm source that can be found here and someone at xda compiled a full rom here . if you installed either of those i would suggest rebooting into recovery and clearing data , cache , etc . and then try re-flashing the rom . there is also a list of roms in xda 's development forum here .
this is most likely a carrier issue instead of a phone one .
" have you tried turning it off and back on again ? " honestly , i would just recommend restarting your device . it might just magically fix the problem . sometimes , if you are sending a message to multiple recipients , one person will receive the message before the others . your phone could have lost cellular service during the process of sending the message ( thus resulting in one person replying while your message is still being sent to the others ) . if restarting the phone does not work , you can try the dumb brute force solution : copy the content of the message . delete the message from your outbox . create a new message with the pasted content and send it . maybe another user can recommend a techy solution , but this should be enough to get you past this issue if it happens again . if it happens regularly , you should contact your carrier .
it is not possible to flash a verizon rom on a sprint phone , because sprint and verizon are different cdmas . you flash a verizon rom on a verizon phone , and a sprint rom on a sprint phone .
the trick here is to use a keyboard app with pasting ability . i had success using both hacker 's keyboard ( it has a ctrl screen that you can combine with v to paste ) , and swype ( long pressing on the + ! = key and then in the four arrows key provides a screen where you can paste ) .
any ideas whether this feature will be part of the core of android 4.2 , or if it is just for nexus 10 ? multi-user support in android 4.2 will be for all tablets . so yes , all tabs with android 4.2 jelly bean will have multi-user support . google is officially supporting this only for tablets as of now . however , i am very sure that custom rom makers will port it for phones . in fact , there are already a bunch of custom roms which do this . i wish i got this on my nexus 7 . nexus 7 is a tablet , so when you upgrade to 4.2 , you should get multi-user support .
i can think of 2 ways you could do this . bluetooth audio adapter , like the antec bxr100 . these are generally used for headphones , but should be able to simply connect into your amp . -pros : simple , cheap -cons : bluetooth , limited range , a2dp appears to have issues on android 4.2 , possibly non-optimal audio quality dlna renderer ( mini computer ( raspberry pi ( raspbmc maybe . there is a topic on the use of raspbmc as a dlan renderer here on their forums . ) or similar perhaps ) , specialized unit ( like the ( discontinued , though still findable if you do not mind buying used ) netgear mp100 series ) , or maybe a cheap android device ) attached to your amp , getting your audio pushed from one of the several dlna server apps available for android . this is essentially the same as apple 's airplay system , only a different , more open standard which will work with more manufacturers ' devices . -pros : almost as simple , will work anywhere you can get a wifi signal , possibly better audio quality than the bluetooth , could potentially be used to move video if you wanted to in the future if your chosen receiver has that capability . -cons : more complex , possibly expensive , new audio-only dlna renderers seem to be rare nowadays .
if you previously used whatsapp , then delete the whatsapp folder in the sdcard and try initializing you will lose all the previous msgs and i am not sure if it works
the "32" in fat32 has nothing to do with the "32" in 32gb ! fat32 is file allocation table in 32 bit and is introduced in 1996 , when there was not any 32gb sd card . according to wikipedia : the maximum possible size for a file on a fat32 volume is 4 gb minus 1 byte or 4,294,967,295 ( 232−1 ) bytes . so you can not copy a huge 4gb ( or more ) single file to a fat32-formatted sd card . afaik , android os does support ntfs and you may want to use it , as it has many benefits over old fat32 .
32gb is the limit imposed by the secure digital high capacity ( sdhc ) specification , not fat32 . fat32 supports 2tb drives , with a standard 512 byte sector ( or 16tb with 4.096 byte sectors ) which is ( coincidentally ? ) the same as the latest secure digital extended capacity ( sdxc ) specification , so fat32 should be viable for some time to come . the biggest restriction with a fat32 formatted drive is the per file size restriction . since fat32 uses 32bit file pointers , which means that no single file can be larger than 4gb ( actually 2 32 -1 ) . most of the time this is not a problem , but if you want to transport movies or virtual machines which are not split into multiple smaller files , then this might cause you problems . as an aside , in an answer like this , i can not help but illustrate it with a favorite picture of mine which compares 8 bytes of magnetic core memory from 1953 with 8gb ( 8 thousand million bytes ) of flash from 2008: in the same space as those 8 bytes from 1953 you could now fit 8x or 12x 32gb usd cards ( when you take into account thickness too ) so who knows where we will be in another 55 years ? probably wondering how we got by with only a couple of terabytes in our phone . *8' )
as far as i know , currently there are no android devices with dual-sd card slots . keep in mind though that mobile devices is a huge and ever changing market . there is nothing preventing some manufacturer from releasing such a device , if they determine that there is enough demand . not sure i understand the need for a second sd card slot , though : sd cards are cheap enough to not have to worry about them wearing out . newer phones support the sdxc format that boasts capacities of up to 2tb . ( 64gb and 128gb cards are already widely available . ) even with multiple sd slots , you are still technically limited in capacity , albeit you probably will not hit that limit for a while longer . it really depends on what content you are planning on storing there . obviously you would not be able to store a large collection of blu-ray rips that take 8gb+ per file on any size card . bundling a second sd card slot would sacrifice on internal space of a handset . the trade-off would have to come from other areas , such as smaller battery or other feature . i do agree that google 's push for " cloud services " ( nexus devices do not have sd card slots at all ) is misguided , seeing how most carriers are resolved to cap and overcharge of mobile data as it is . however , seeing how other manufacturers are releasing new devices with newer sd technology , and that technology is ( arguably ) getting more and more affordable , i do not see how sacrificing on internal space would be of any benefit to even the biggest space hogs .
did you try to permaroot anyways ? i would try a factory reset and then try again .
you might want to use sygic if you are in india . it comes with free maps .
+1 for the question , i am really looking for a good answer here . take a look at the answers for a similar/identical question i asked once on forceclose . from the answers there , i think navdroyd will be my choice ( 5 euro only , seems to have ok coverage ) , but i have not tested it myself yet .
i have not had a chance to try it myself yet , but i have heard good things about maverick : maverick for google android - code sector there is both a limited free and pay version .
note : many of these applications use map data from a really cool free map project called osm ( openstreetmap ) , which anyone can contribute to . osm is constantly improving , but in many areas it may lack information like house/building numbers . free : google maps google maps does have some offline functionality , but there are a few catches : the size of the area you can download is limited ( you can not download an entire us state , for instance ) , navigation will not work offline , and some countries or areas are not available for download . instructions for google maps version 6: offline maps overview for version 7 ( available on android 4+ ) : get offline maps osmand open-source , uses data from osm . currently only has 2d navigation , but one of the better free options available . mapfactor osm-based offline navigation . fairly basic but promising . navfree allows you to download maps for offline navigation , also osm-based . there is a separate version for the us . osm has maps for the whole world , but for some reason navfree only has maps available for certain countries , mostly in europe and north america . many others based on osm here : android - openstreetmap wiki paid : copilot live premium copilot live is a very nice , full-featured app , which will let you download maps ahead of time and use gps offline . the us version is normally pretty inexpensive . just make sure you get the " premium " version that includes all the features ; if you buy the " standard " version it does not even include basic features like voice guidance , alternate routes , 3d maps , etc , and you will end up paying more if you buy them as add-ons later ( edit : the standard version does not seem to be available any more , but i will leave this in case they put it back up again ) . skobbler gps navigation and maps osm-based offline navigation with a clean interface . there is a free trial available , but it does not work offline . the paid version includes 1 map for free , other maps range from €2,22 ( for one country ) to €7,77 ( the whole world ) . there are detailed reviews of many android gps apps here : android sat nav apps
i regularly use locus . it does not have much in the way of navigation support ( although i think this is in the works ) , but for off-road and off-line use it is fantastic . it allows downloading of maps for off-line use , supports sqlite and gemf maps , which allow large map ( 2gb limit for sqlite , no realistic limit for gemf ) tile sets on your sd card without wasting masses of space . it also supports vector maps as well as bitmap ones ( more coverage , less disk space ) . it has a very good interface and is well supported . there is a free version with ads which does not support in-app map downloading ( i think ) , although you can use your pc to download the maps . the paid version is not expensive . that all sounds excessively glowing , so i should emphasise that i am not the developer and have no affiliation ; just a very happy user !
have you tried backcountry navigator ? backcountry navigator it has topo maps , open street maps , and aerial photography . it has a 16 day demo and a paid license .
if you are looking for north american maps ( and european maps as well i am told ) , than i can recommend copilot live . it is not free though .
i am now using osmand . it stores openstreetmap maps on the phone 's storage . osmand uses a vectorial format , which means it can store a lot of information without taking too much space , and is visible in all zoom factors . you can download the maps you want , for instance italy , bolivia , or any other country/region . free , open source .
for england and much of europe , viewranger is great . supports ordnance survey and other official-type maps ; also some open street map projects . but it is absolutely what i would use -- and do -- if i am hiking with a phone . for android - viewranger
google maps 5.0 now supports offline mode !
i used navdroyd when travelling in europe . i did not have mobile service so i downloaded the maps over wifi before setting out . navdroyd successfully guided me from slovakia to croatia through austria and slovenia while driving . i found it less useful while walking , good for orienting oneself , but not on par with google maps for finding points of interest .
maps ( - ) allows to store maps for offline use from openstreetmap , from opencyclemap and from google maps .
have you tried maps with me ? it has a lite ( free ) version and allows downloading maps for an offline usage . also it is very fast : in my experience osmand is much slower even with maps downloaded , although it shows more information .
what are your needs ? just maps ? point-of-interest data ? navigation ? i use mapdroyd , which is free and lets you download openstreetmap data . i see that they have some other products . navdroyd ( paid ) , which is mentioned above by @ripper234 does navigation . traveldroyd , which has point-of-interest information , also seems to do navigation based on the screenshots , but i have not tried it out .
i have had a similar problem with the contacts sync for an exchange account . i found that deleting the account on my desire and re-adding it made the errors go away . give it a try .
i found this in another forum : go to the people ( contact list ) app go to the online directories ( globe ) tab select facebook you will be asked to log in to your facebook account . once logged in , you will see all of your contacts on your facebook account . return to the full list of your contacts on the phone and try and sync
they go to your download folder by default , typically at /sdcard/Download . note that this may not necessarily be a physical sd card ( e . g . on devices that do not have an sd slot it is emulated ) . from a practical standpoint , if you need to access them on your device , just open the gallery or photos app . the picture will appear in either of those as long as you have not added a .nomedia file to the download folder or something . also , opening the picture in either photos or the aosp gallery app ( possibly others as well ) will allow you to discern its physical location by opening the menu and selecting " details " .
okay go to your home screen click on menu then go to settings , scroll down to manage applications or manage apps . . . click on that then u will be able to see downloaded apps , then apps on your phone storage , and more to your right u will see apps on your sd card go on to phone storage u where u will see all apps that are stored to ur internal memory/phone storage . . and click on the apps u wish to move to ur sd card and it will have all options saying , force stop , uninstall , move to sdcard/phone storage and then clear data . . . what u want is move to sd card so click that then verify by pushing ' ok ' and there u have it . hope this helped . : )
if you have your phone rooted and secondary partition , you can use link2sd . it is good alternative to use .
starting with about ics ( android 4.0 ) , not all devices do support app2sd anymore ( for reference , see also : how to move application to sd card in samsung galaxy s duos ; the galaxy s duos and lg optimus 4x are two of those devices -- looks like your galaxy s3 mini is another candidate , if the " move to . . . " option is not there at all ) . this is , however , not the fault of android ; it is rather the manufacturers/rom bakers who decided such : whatever their support might say ( and at least lg support blames android 4 . x not being able to do app2sd ) , android 4 . x itself can deal fine with app2sd , as plenty of devices prove . as for a possible alternative , you might want to check move app to sd card , which suggests a.o. link2sd . note , however , that root is a pre-condition for this app .
you can use invitation plugin to open ics files directly in google calendar application . it can open ics invitations from email attachments or from files on sdcard . it requires at least android 4+ ( ice cream sandwich ) to run . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleansoft.invitationplugin and i am an author of this app .
the best is " ics databridge " . that´s free app on android apps and works perfect . the size is just 22kb and its function is absolutely without any issues . i can recommend it . i try it and it is really workfull and simple .
doing some searches to try and help some losts souls with this little phone , there is a download available on several other forums that will update this phone via odin tar files to a ' stock ' 4.1.2 firmware , it is a tool release directly from samsung and it is available on their website . xda developer thread for cwm on the sch-r740c samsung download page for upgrade utility
if you are using jelly bean , then in manage apps , you can turn off notifications for the specific app . keep in mind , this will turn off all notifications for the app .
are you by chance addressing bazaar ? if that is the case you can simply go the application specific page and hit the cancel button . this should remove the notification .
go to ; setting-> apps -> all apps -> download manager select download manager clear cache and data . notification of sticky downloads will be removed . i have tested this on a sony xperia j with android version 4.0
as already answered by nikola , you should go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All . select the download manager in the app list , and then press clear all data . you may have to restart the mobile after this is done .
if you can not remove any buggy notification from notification bar , then do this goto settings --> applications --> ( click on app which created that notification ) --> force close . then reopen that application .
i have the same problem . . . you should go to settings , apps , all , find there download manager and clear all data there . it helps in my case . good luck :- )
it is most likely the battery . it might have to be replaced . if it is literally dropping from 90 straight down to 0 , then the battery health has reached its end . if you do replace the battery and the same thing occurs , it could be your rom
in the smart saving options i could de-select the auto kill apps on screen off option ( i.e. . when screen turns off the apps will be killed by default ) . after de-selecting the option now the apps are being updated smoothly as usual
it is not that jelly bean will not support flash . adobe decided not to support flash for newer devices , starting from jelly bean and onwards . i do not know the know the reason though . maybe they got tired of testing ( and certifying ) several devices ? source . you can still install flash on jelly bean ; there are workarounds for that .
adobe decided to stop support for its flash player on android mainly because of html5 does not need flash player to play videos . unfortunately , that did not mean all web sites you visit would start using html5 instead of flash ( though it would have been nice ) . if some of the web sites you want to look at are using flash , the last version of adobe flash player that landed on the google play store will work with your jelly bean device . however , since it is no longer available through the play store , you will need to install it from a side-loaded apk . they have only stopped support , does not mean that it will not work but if it does not on certain devices then they will not fix it or support it . you can still install it from here .
while not as complete of an answer as i would like , i was able to improve my typing experience vastly by doing the following : first , it is important to understand the difference between auto-correct ( or auto-replace , as it is known in the settings ) and predictive text . predictive text , when enabled , is what is shown in the black bar above the keyboard . auto-replace automatically replaces whatever string you have typed with the most probable string pulled from a dictionary file . instructions : by going into my keyboard settings and enabling predictive text and auto-replace for all installed input languages i was able to greatly improve the function of the keyboard . for whatever reason , it would seem that unless auto-replace is enabled for all languages , the probability algorithm does not effectively limit it is results to the current input language . i tested english , german , turkish and spanish and was able to receive useful predictions and auto-replacements for each language . that said , it is not a perfect solution . text predictions at the beginning of a sentence are more likely to contain unhelpful suggestions ( probably due to limited data fed into the prediction algorithm ) , and intruders do still occasionally make their way to the front of the auto-correct list . for this reason , it is probably important to absolutely avoid lazily entering text in a language other than the currently selected keyboard in order not to muddle up the predictions . notes : it is still unclear to me how the dictionaries are actually stored on the device , so hopefully a more in-the-know user can provide a more satisfactory answer in the future . from the observations i have made , it would seem that a single , combined - language dictionary file is being used .
well , i guess yes there is a way to prevent this cross contamination , head over the settings> application manager> choose samsung keyboard> clear the data stored by the application and it will reset back all the suggestion to back in the time you first used your device . see if that can be of any use .
there is this app called antennas . it can not do everything you have asked for . but it can show you the tower you are connected to , the signal level , and other towers from you carrier that your phone can see/connect to and their signal level . map the gsm/cdma antennas in your neighborhood . this app monitors the gsm/cdma cellular network connection ; displays a map of approximate cellular antenna locations and their rf signal strength ; and can log the data to a text or kml file . does not work on verizon 3g and cdma support is limited by android , not by the application cdma requires eclair works best with 2g gsm . 3g/cdma support is very limited .
open signal map does some very similar stuff , its accuracy depends on how much data its got for your current area , but seems pretty good in built up areas . i used it to help work out why i always had such a terrible signal at my parents house , turned out my phone kept connecting to a cell tower on the island you can just see from the end of their road , rather than the cell tower two roads down .
watch out for this , yes there are different sized cables they look the same but are not . you will probably be able to squeeze it in and it will work but may break the connector after a while ( this happened to my galaxy note 2 ) . it may have something to do with different pins within the cable itself . i found it very hard to tell the difference but try to just use the one that came with the device . if not just use a different cable but from a newer product as there are definitely different pins within the cable . best thing to do is if a cable does not fit in easily do not put it in .
it should easily go in . the ports on the two devices are the same and with same orientation of the port as well . maybe there is something stuck inside the port on your galaxy tab 3 . you can usually tell by the shape of the male port . the two slanted ridges on the size are an identifying feature of micro usb a/b . b also has two little latches on the bottom . micro usb standards a and b are compliant with each other as well but these two devices should have the exact same micro usb b port .
according to html5test , chrome for android ( as of v33 ) does not support controller input apis . you had likely have to wait for this to be implemented in some future version , or try to find a browser that does support it .
most of the time it is problem with the earpiece , just check your earpiece whether it is working or not . try changing the earpiece
your earpiece speaker may be dead . when you put your phone in speaker mode it uses different speaker ( s ) . some people use a bluetooth earpiece to get around this , but if that is not something you want to do then you may want to check and see if your phone is still in warranty . also , depending on your phone you can try taking a small brush and cleaning around your earpiece speaker . in some cases dust and other debris can collect and muffle the speaker , and considering how tiny these speakers and their speaker grills are ( again , depends on your phone ) it does notake much dust or debris to make it hard to hear . when i worked for verizon this was a common problem that we encountered on a daily basis . hopefully , that is all it is .
when composing the " from " is a dropdown menu . it has all the accounts you have added via the webmail interface , and it is had this feature for a long time ( you should not need to upgrade ) .
no , this is not an option . actually this seems like a bug as this should be controlled by the option , Vibrate on Touch under Sound in the settings . either that , or the option Vibrate on Touch should remain visible when setting the screen security option to Slide in the Security part of the settings . you may want to report this as a bug to the android team using the android issue tracker .
assuming usb debugging is on connect it to the computer via usb and wipe it with adb . if that does not work you could throw it in the microwave .
go to recovery mode of device and wipe data from there . in recovery mode , you need to work with physical keys ( touchscreen does not work in this mode even in normal situation ) . generally , volume keys are used for navigation and home key for enter/ok . how to click wipe data option when i can not see it . see youtube video of your recovery mode or check it in your friends ' device . you can really do it after learning series of keys which needs to be pressed . e.g. down key 5 times , then home key , then down key 3 times and again home key . how to ensure i am in recovery mode when i miss it many times even after proper key combination ? after you think you should be in recovery , leave device idle . if you hear boot music , remove battery , re-insert it and try again . how about ssh/ftp ? its very difficult without working touchscreen because it needs particular app/service running on device . what about other physics based methods like magnetic wiping ? what you see in hacking movies can not be applied in real world . particularly , powerful magnets can affect data on hard disks . device storage does not store data using magnetic attributes . even if you find something which could wipe data such way , i would strongly not recommend it because there is no reason why it can not damage hardware capabilities if it can wipe data from flash storage . in the last , this part is off-topic on this site .
i will assume you actually want to know what ways are there to increase battery capacity of your android device . there're three approaches to this problem . approach one is an internal battery with higher capacity . i do not have any details on whether anker is worthwhile , but it is capacity for say htc desire s is 1600 mah and standard battery capacity for the same htc desire s is 1450 mah , so that does not look like a huge improvement to me - it will be drained in one day of usual use anyway . what is really important is battery reliability - you want a reliable battery with long lifetime ( number of charge-discharge cycles and capacity retainment ) and good safety so that it does not explode in your phone ( that actually happens once in a while with cheap batteries ) and you have to look for such information elsewhere , not on this site . approach two is a spare battery . it is not very convenient - phones are not designed to allow for fast battery swap and phones lose power and their state when a battery is swapped and also charging the spare is a problem , because you either need a charger craddle for that or you use your phone for that and the latter means more battery swapping . approach three is an external battery - there is a lot of such stuff , anker sells that too , they come in a wide range of capacity , some can even be used with netbooks . basically it is a box with a battery inside and a usb cable . you charge the box either of usb ( your computer , laptop , usb hub , phone charger , whatever ) or of mains - that depends on the model . then you can use the box to power any usb device , phone included - the phone will think it is connected to usb and charge through it . this is a rather convenient option - you can temporarily connect your device to the box and charge it fully or partially , you can carry it conveniently in a bag or a pocket and have the device connected to it and use the device at the same time . one big advantage of this approach is that the box can be used with various devices , not a specific model only . one big disadvantage is the thing is relatively expensive . again you need good reliability , lifetime and safety , you should search for that information elsewhere . another disadvantage is that the box itself can be slow to charge - its battery capacity is usually rather high and usb does not provide lot of power , so charging current will be rather low , this might be important for your convenience .
found out that the issue is not persisting on nexus 4 and only in nexus 5 . ( thats very strange . ) temporary solution until google fixes this . just root your phone and freeze android system update . that will fix the mysterious data consumption issue .
you could try going to settings→data usage , define a global limit ( can be imaginary , e.g. 5 gb ) , and then scroll to " suspect apps": open their entries , scroll down , and check " limit background data " . then those would not use background data while on mobile data , while working as usual when on wifi or in foreground . that is what i did with e.g. google play ( to keep it from always checking for updates in background ) about half a year ago . no side-effects seen yet . for details , please see my answer here . you might also want to check what will not function properly on device if i disable background data usage for google play store ? other related questions include : “restrict background data” with jelly bean on tf300t asus tablet selectively block 3g access to certain apps how do i enable mobile data only for select apps on a rooted phone ? preventing mobile data use for select apps on non-rooted phone ? and probably several more .
go to settings , scroll down to accounts , click your google account ( s ) , and turn off all the syncs .
turns out i had to change this via the " mail settings " menu in gmail , under the general menu is a my picture menu , where you can select the image used for google + , google voice and apparently the icon used for contacts synched with gmail .
new version of handcent with its group sms plugin does the job perfectly .
. hbk is htc messages backup extension : you can " write " them only via backup from phone and " read " only via the restore option . see this for more information about how to open or write these files
there are many apps that can backup your smses to your email account or to an xml file . the one i use , called sms backup+ , would upload your smses to your gmail account under an sms label , which can then be printed from your mailbox . there are probably apps than can export to text file as well . edit : or in fact , there are apps that can print your message via google cloud print , e.g. cloud print by paulo fernandes or printer share by mobile dynamix .
one nice alternative to the ones you already have is group sms by tur han available from google play store . it allows you to compose the message and : add first and/or last name to the message text ; select the recipients individually . works pretty good , it is a free app ( small publicity banner ) , with no bugs on my end . shows the progress of each message being sent . if you go to the pro version , things just keep getting better and better : create groups of contacts for quick sending ( friends , family , work . . . ) history keeping and management enhance search bar select/deselect all your contacts with 1 touch template management history track of all messages with statistics add free
go to settings -> sound and make sure silent mode is set to vibrate , then in RINGTONE &amp; NOTIFICATIONS section , check the option vibrate on ring , then call yourself and it should vibrate .
pure aosp version of android does not save clipboard data to files ; the data is stored only in ram by the clipboardservice , which runs inside the system_server process . samsung , like many other manufacturers , adds their proprietary modifications to the base aosp code ; one of these modifications is the ability to keep the clipboard history , and this history is stored in files in the /data/Clipboard directory . of course , you will not find this proprietary samsung code on other devices , or even in third-party roms for samsung devices . as for accessing the clipboard service using adb shell service call clipboard ... , you cannot do it on recent android versions , because the iclipboard interface now has security checks ( it requires specifying the package name , and the calling uid must own the package name ) . this interface is also an implementation detail and changes between different android versions .
i do not think it is possible to open this file on your computer . it can only be read by the htc sms app . if you still have the sms on your phone you could install sms backup and restore which will allow you to back them up as xml which you can then print from your pc .
in case you no longer have a copy of the sms on your phone , but have backed-up the sms to your pc or email , you need a combination of t0mm13b 's comment and bmdixon ' s answer . as mentioned , it is not possible to open . hbk files on the pc . what you can do is : restore the . hbk to your phone as sms in your sd card , make sure you have a folder called sms_backup . if this does not exist , create it . this will be in the same level as the Android folder . copy the . hbk file to the sms_backup folder restore the sms from the sms settings export the sms as . xml using sms backup and restore email the . xml file to your pc after downloading the . xml file , open it from a program like notepad or microsoft word , and print . take note that xml has a weird structure , so expect to see a lot of tags ( in greater than and less than signs ) .
no , delivery reports generally just tell you that the message has been delivered and is sitting on their phone . it does not necessarily tell you that they have been read . there is not a way to tell if its been read as far as i know .
numerous messenger apps provide the possibility of see of a person has read your message . for text messages it is not possible to get a read status as this is not part of the sms protocol .
you can copy the videos from this app 's location in /data/data/org.coursera.android/files/courkitDownloadedVideos/ if your device is rooted . on an un-rooted device , you can use adb backup function to backup the app and its data to a file on your computer , and then extract its contents : install and android sdk and usb drivers for your device . in windows open command prompt ( or terminal in linux ) , navigate to a directory where you want to store the backup , and issue the following command : adb backup -f courseraBackup.ab org.coursera.android this backs up the app and its data ( including the downloaded videos ) to your computer 's c drive . convert the backup to an archive using command dd if=courseraBackup.ab bs=24 skip=1|openssl zlib -d &gt; courseraBackup.tar if you use linux , then just issue the above command in terminal . on windows , it is a tad more complicated since you have to download and install cygwin from here ( install all packages , ) and then use the cygwin terminal to run the above command . extract the archive either using tar xvf courseraBackup.tar ( in terminal for linux of cygwin in windows , ) or using your favorite archival tool ( e . g . 7-zip . ) you should now have a directory on your computer containing all the data from the app , including any downloaded videos . refer : http://nelenkov.blogspot.ca/2012/06/unpacking-android-backups.html
the app downloads the videos to /data/data/org . coursera . android/files/courkitdownloadedvideos/ instead of the standard user space of /sdcard/android/data/* and even worse yet , the files are named file2 . mp4 file3 . mp4 etc . making it difficult to figure out which file is which course . i personally find this very frustrating as i would love to stream the videos to my xbmc box using yatse .
you can also use an app called , coursera on the go that lets you choose the location of download matterial , ( move to external sdcard for example ) and also labels the files like a sane person would do . http://www.amazon.com/aliaksei-radzinski-coursera-on-the/dp/b00coj2kte
i have not found anything yet , but there are reports that this will allow you to use the mac as a bluetooth headset
the google wallet privacy policy specifies that personally identifiable information and transaction data are only shared with the carrier if necessary to allow carrier billing ( that is , where purchases made via google wallet appear on and are paid through your phone bill ) . the relationship between google and the carriers for this purpose is a purely business one . the only involvement of the carrier in the transaction is ( a ) if carrier billing is involved , as i said above , or ( b ) if you use 3g to make a payment over internet , instead of through nfc . as eldarerathis says , several carriers have payment services that compete with google wallet , and google can not afford to fall out with carriers . if you are worried about privacy from your cellular operator , please do remember that they have the ability to " customize " your rom , if you buy your phone through them . software that monitors your on-device actions and purchases might already be installed on your phone , before you even start using google wallet
with the 4.4 kitkat update , the moto x ( and any other device with nfc running 4.4 ) can use google wallet regardless of carrier , as stated here . you can also check out the screengrab below :
it is not a problem with 2.2 in general , although it may be specific to 2.2 on the optimus . ( did you ever have 2.1 ? ) this should normally only happen when the sd card is manually dismounted from the phone settings or by connecting the device to a computer . it might be an app causing this problem -- you could use titanium backup to " freeze " your apps one by one until you hopefully discover the culprit .
i suppose this might happen if the sd card is losing its connection , although that would be more troubling . have you checked to ensure that the sd card is well-seated in its slot ? ( this assumes , of course , that you can access the card . ) another worrying possibility is a flaw with the card itself .
i had a similar problem that was fixed by formating the card in the phone . settings -> sd card and phone storage settings -> unmount sd card . then format the card on the same screen .
i just discovered that this is not a random error . it occurs with some sd cards when you touch the proximity sensor of the phone . the screen becomes black and inactive and then the sd card is removed from the phone . i hope this will help to solve the issue
the problem is resolved with the new update available from lg
if your phone is on the same local wi-fi network as your computer then you could use airdroid for this . if it is not , then remote desktop offers a terminal emulator , so you could use that to uninstall the app from the command line : pm uninstall app.package.name  alternatively , you could set up an ssh server and then use the above pm command . is there some ssh server for android ? is a good place to start if you need ssh server software . also note that using pm uninstall from outside adb shell - such as in a terminal emulator - will require root . i am unsure if airdroid requires root for its uninstall feature .
appbrain provides this feature . but you have to get an account and install the appbrain app .
though it went unmentioned during today 's google i/o keynote , the google play website now offers the option of updating and/or uninstalling apps from android hardware directly in the browser . by heading to the " my android apps " tab of the play portal , you will see a list of all applications that reside on your smartphone or tablet ; users with multiple devices can view a breakdown of what apps are installed where . though sorting is alphabetical , apps with pending available updates will be listed first . clicking a gray update button will immediately start the download on the target android product , though sadly there is no " update all " option just yet . uninstalls are equally as simple : selecting the trash can icon underneath each app first brings up a warning dialog that acts as a nice safeguard against unintentional deletions . clicking through this leads to the immediate removal of the app in question from your device . source : http://www.theverge.com/2012/6/27/3121959/google-play-website-update-uninstall-android-apps
what is going on is that your phone is not using your password . when you log in an oath token is issued . this is more secure , because your password is not stored on the device . it also has the additional benefit that it can automatically log you in in your browser . to deny access to your phone , remove the authentication token here . moreover starting with ics you do not need to use applications specific passwords for your phone . enter your regular google account info ; it will notice that you have 2-factor authentication enabled and open an internal browser where you can log in using your otp .
your restriction ( no 3rd party apps ) will keep a better fitting answer away , i would say . what you describe is a task not for tasker , but for . . . oh , i shall not mention it you wrote . . . your problem is most likely that tasker very well catches the boot_completed event , but the apps to kill have been waiting for the same . so when tasker looks to kill them , they are not yet started . your task thus finishes without anything done , and whoop ! then the unwanted apps start . so if you really want to do this via tasker , i would insert a Tasker -&gt; Wait at the very beginning of the task . play with the values , start with 15s and increase in 15s steps until either it works or your reach a point where it is unlikely to work ( say e.g. 2 min , or you see the apps have started and your task did not kill them ) . if that still does not work , combine it with switching the condition : in case tasker really cannot catch the boot_completed ( well , tasker itself is started then ) , switch to " monitoring start " , and start over with 15s wait again . finally , though you did not want 3rd party apps , just in case you re-think that : autorun manager does this job quite fine , without any hazzle . on rooted devices , it even can disable other intents than just boot_completed listeners .
i am sure there is some way technically to simply shut off the autofocus , making the camera start up in a default focus and never moving away from that . it is however not a function that i am aware of that it exists in custom roms , because that is the only place you will find modifications like this , and unless there is a big demand for it , it is unlikely someone will code it . i have got a feeling that camera focus might be really tricky to mod from the actual os . i think the only way you will solve this for sure is basically learning to code and inspecting the aosp source , or paying a developer to do it for you . i am almost certain it is not a native function of the android os .
i discovered how to do this . the icons for the various functions remain the same . i went into settings ( cogwheel icon ) then language and input ( white square with black a ) top item in this menu is language i tapped this item and was presented with the normal list of languages , each in its own font .
after using mobile network and you disabled it , you will receive a notification in black background about your balance internet gb/mb or charged price for internet usage ( as like what you received now in the picture )
airtel system has some bugs . the usage is not shown properly and i will advise to install an app that would manage your data account . which can show your real usage .
install greenify . it will stop all background processes and save memory , battery and unwanted network connectivity .
from your screenshot , it is apparent that you are using a dual sim phone and that data roaming is enabled on one of those sim cards . i have never used a dual sim phone but i read on a forum that at any point of time only one of the sim cards can be used for data while the other is on standby or being used for a voice call . make sure both your sim cards have data disabled . also disable data roaming for both sim cards . use these screenshots for reference : check your data usage in Settings&rarr ; Data usage to see what is using your data connection make sure Data roaming is disabled for both sim cards
go to Settings , and under the " wireless and networks " section tap More... . there should be an option called Default SMS app . tap it , and select the " now sms " app . you should be all set now . [ edit ] : apparently , google deliberately disabled the sms functionality on cell-enabled nexus 7 tabs ( both 2012 3g and 2013 lte tablets are impacted ) with the 4.4 update . the recommended solution is to flash a custom rom that re-enables the setting . keep in mind that this will require unlocking the bootloader , which may void the warranty .
i had the same problem as everyone else and tried everything listed as a resolution . i then did the following and it worked : type in code *#7284# which will bring you to the phoneutil screen with pda , modem , and qualcomm usb setting options . click the qualcomm usb driver option and select the mtp + adb option a little message will appear @ the button of the screen saying saved , now just press the back button all the out to the normal screen . i then powered off my phone , took out the battery , sim card ( tmobile ) and micro sd card , put them back in , powered the phone back on and then plugged it in using the usb cable ( not original that came with phone ) and it started installing the usb drive and then worked . this had been bugging me for 3 months and i finally got it to work . hope this works for everyone else as this issue was frustrating . addon note ( from a user with a vzw galaxy s3 ) : this worked for me but i had to activate the hidden menu by dialing *#22745927 and changing the hidden menu option to " enable " and then entering the above code . dial this in the keypad without calling it . it should bring up the menu after entering the last number .
i had same problem and endlessly researched and did everything except hard reset . then , when testing the usb cable on another phone , i realized that i was not using the usb cable that came with my galaxy s3 i9300 . once i plugged in the " stock " usb cable , my phone was instantly recognized . why this is i do not know as the cable i had been using works on all other devices i tested . it even charged my galaxy s3 i9300 . perhaps , you could be using your wife 's usb cable on your phone . to avoid frustration and countless hours of testing , resetting and reinstalling i would recommend to everyone to first make sure you are using the usb cable that came with your phone instead of a generic one or one from a different model galaxy s3 . hope it works for you ! good luck .
just faced exactly the same problem with my motorola defy mini . . . . . so was researching what to do . . . . luckily found a solution . . . . when nothing comes in the notification bar and pc does not recognize then> > go to device manager > > my comp> properties> > device manager ( left bar ) look for your device ( it should be under portable devices and should be marked with yellow exclamatory sign ) uninstall all of them ( you may more item there other than your phone ) after that go to usb tether mode from your mobile from settings and turn it on . then the " turn on usb storage " with a android bot standing screen will appear . tap to turn on . you have to do it twice . first time turn it on it will automatically turn off . then again tap the button and this should solve the problem . ( that moment you will see another notification about tethering in the bar , do not do anything with that ) . i will be happy if the problem is solved . . . . . : )
download mpt ( media transfer protocol ) porting kit and then install it to your computer . you can download the mpt porting kit installation file through the microsoft’s official website directly . reboot your computer . reconnect your mobile phone to your computer by using the usb cable .
also experienced the same problem . in my case , discovered that the cause was from doing a backup in qpst and forgetting to revert the usb settings . i.e. *#7284# to access PhoneUtil &gt; "Qualcomm USB Settings" &gt; set it to "MTP + ADB"
update : try cleanup and reinstall of drivers as mentioned here . seems to have worked for others . this seems to be a known issue , and many have had success by using a different cable , connecting to a usb 3 port etc , but clearly , those will not work in your case . not sure what your usual usage is , but for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi .
the android os itself is not dependant on any files on the removable sd card . if you have no apps that use this file , you can safely delete the file , or even format the sd card if you want .
yes i have an o2 xperia play and the only way for you to get cm9 is to unlock the boot loader using omnius or any test point method as i did . do not use sony 's way as you will lose drm protected content and that is not what you want , so use omnius then try and get into fastboot mode and it will work .
unlocking your xperia play known issues it is currently not possible to unlock the boot loader for cdma phones . some customers with unlocked boot loaders have experienced problems when they are accepting over the air upgrades ( fota - firmware upgrade over the air ) . for customers that have unlocked the boot loader , please do not accept any over the air upgrades . for additional information , check out the hints and tips from the community on the xda forum . instructions first , you should confirm that it is possible to unlock the boot loader of your phone by checking the service menu . in your phone , open the dialler and enter # #7378423# # to access the service menu . in your phone , tap service info > configuration > rooting status . if bootloader unlock allowed says yes , then you can continue with the next step . if it says no , or if the status is missing , your device cannot be unlocked . on your computer , click continue at the bottom of this page to start the unlock boot loader process . read through the information in the pop up window and click yes , i’m sure , if you are still confident you want to unlock the boot loader . read through and accept the legal terms . click i accept . enter your name , email address , the first 14 digits ( remove the last digit ) of your phone’s imei number and the two captcha words in the input boxes . click submit . you can view the imei number by entering *#06# on your phone . the unlock boot loader key is displayed . write it down and save it for later use . download and install the latest android sdk from developer.android.com. download and unzip this file . this is the standard android_winusb . inf-file , with a few lines of code added to enable fastboot to support sony and sony ericsson devices . make sure you are running google usb driver package revision 4 or higher in your android sdk . you can see current google usb driver package revision in the sdk manager . place the unzipped file in the usb_driver folder , located in the android sdk > extras > google folder on your computer . accept to replace the old android_winusb . inf-file with the new file . if you can not find the usb_driver folder , please install the google usb driver packager using the android sdk manager . turn off your phone . on your phone , push and hold the unlock button* at the same time as you connect the phone to the computer with a usb-cable . the unlock button may differ between different phone models . see the note in the bottom of this page for more information on what button use on your phone . on your computer , you will be asked for drivers . point to the usb_driver folder where you placed the android_winusb . inf-file , and select the android boot loader interface-file . open a command window and go to the tools folder within the android sdk folder . enter fastboot . exe -i 0x0fce getvar version , and verify that you get a response back ( for example "0.3" ) . this means your phone is connected properly . warning ! if you perform this step , you will unlock the boot loader . this may void your warranty and/or any warranty from your operator . if you still want to unlock the boot loader of your phone , enter fastboot . exe -i 0x0fce oem unlock 0xkey , where key is the unlock boot loader key you got in the beginning of this instruction . the boot loader should now be successfully unlocked . hold the following button while connecting your phone to a computer with a usb-cable : menu button ( for xperia™ arc , xperia™ arc s , xperia™ neo , xperia™ neo v , xperia™ pro ) . search button ( for xperia™ play ) . volume up button ( for xperia™ mini , xperia™ mini pro , xperia™ ray , xperia™ active , live with walkman™ , xperia™ s ) . this process was found on sony 's unlocking site .
if she is going to send them via sms , you could lock your messaging app with a 3rd-party app like sms lock . or if you want to hide/lock messages for specific contacts , try go sms pro ' s private feature . you set a contact as private , and you will be asked to input a code every time you go to your private inbox . this is separate from your usual/public inbox . not sure if there are other types of unlocking mechanism , but i used a code which can be different from your pin .
you can use telegram and make a secret chat to share the photos . the messages and files in secret chats are encrypted end-to-end and for more security you can enable an autodestruction timeout in the conversation that destroy completely ( inclusive at the server side ) all the messages and files shared until the established time-lapse .
you should try audio manager from anuj tenani . you can also save videos , images and audio which were send via any application from the gallery . it is also available on itunes . --about the app -- the app is cleverly disguised as " audio manager " in the app drawer . disguises itself as a audio manager app which can be used to turn the volumes up and down . but if you long press on the audio manager title the actual hide it pro app will launch , which is basically your secret vault of pics/videos/messages/apps etc . -- features in detail -- 1 . ) app disguised behind a fully functional audio manager 2 . ) categorize media into folders of your choice 3 . ) batch ( multi-select ) support for hiding and unhiding pictures 4 . ) delete/share/unhide/move pictures between albums 5 . ) sort files by date/size/name and sort folders by count/name 6 . ) gallery features pinch to zoom , double tap to zoom , one finger hold and move zoom 7 . ) slideshow with fade , zoom , swipe effects 8 . ) send/share pictures 9 . ) special optimization for low end phones . 10 . ) video player features play/pause/forward/rewind/next video/prev video support 11 . ) disappears from recent apps list 12 . ) two lock screen options viz pin and password 13 . ) escape pin/password for times when you get caught 14 . ) built in encryption tool ( with military standard 256-bit aes encryption ) to secure your most important files 15 . ) plugins for features like private messaging / calls , private browsing , locking apps . etc .
if you want hide those pics then - - use smart lite locker ( app ) [ android ] if you are not saving them on your device then lock those apps on which your sexy gf is sending pics - use applock ( app ) [ android ] or else you can lock with smartlite locker also ( both are apps ) [ android ] link to the applock app link to the smartlite locker app
no . i have another sgs model and it works with no battery for a second , as long as the battery 's in when you start it up , but quickly shuts off .
after reading and trying a number of internet tutorials on the subject , i found a simpler answer . the screws were loose . turns out the nexus s gps antenna is dependent on getting a good connection between the two halves of the case . tightening up the screws in the image did the trick . these screws control the pressure on the antenna contact and provide a ground connection between the two case halves : loosening the screws resulted in poor gps performance again . other tutorials have you bending contacts , soldering and/or adding a second internal antenna . it is possible the writers simply screwed the case on tight after making otherwise ineffective changes . opening the case to clean the contacts may also help .
to stop contacts syncing , go to : settings &rarr ; accounts ( and sync ) &rarr ; skype &rarr ; uncheck the sync contacts checkbox on my sony xperia e :
rom manager should not be a required systems app to run cyanogenmod . take a look at the steps over here to remove a system app from your phone : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/barebones something like : adb remount adb shell rm -f /system/app/RomManager.apk 
a nandroid is the name for a complete backup or image of your device . it can be performed in clock work mod ( cmw ) . clockwork mod is a custom recovery because it is a second of tools that can used without booting an os . think of it has an additional bios . when rooting and jailbreaking , u will want to install the clockwork mod . it is the workhorse that has utilities for backups /restores /wipes and installing unsigned zip updates . rom manager is an app accessible in the os that allows quick access and integration with clockwork mod . rom manager can update and install clock work mod versions as well as automatically booting into clock work mod for quicker access to those functions . cwm and rom manager were started by the same person . rom manager let 's u download roms and then boots into cwm to backup and install them . u will need a custom recovery . . . ( i know of two ) cwm or armon ra . they permit u to perform the backup . rom manager is not necessarily needed but its useful and is well integrated into cwm .
a " recovery " is a special space in the internal memory of your phone , set aside by the manufacturer to perform diagnostics and os upgrades . in windows terms , it is a rough equivalent of boot menu ( usually accessed by pressing f8 during boot-up . ) it is invisible to the phone under normal operation , and is accessed in a special way ( usually by turning the phone on while holding one or more buttons ) . the problem is that the recoveries that comes with stock devices do not allow for installation of custom roms , only firmware images " signed " by the manufacturer . in order to install custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod for example ) you will need to replace the stock recovery image with a custom one , made by community developers . on android there are several custom recoveries , clockworkmod ( cwm ) and amon-ra being the most known ones . these custom recoveries allow you to do a lot more things with your phone . the biggest advantage is being able to flash unsigned custom roms . other benefits include various tools and utilities for further managing the phones . one such utility is called " nandroid " . it is a backup and restore tool that allows you to take a full image of all the phone 's internal nand memory ( hence the name ) and store it on your sd card . should something go wrong with the phone 's software , you can use the previously saved backup to restore the phone to a working state . the maker of clockworkmod recovery also created an android app called " rom manager " . this app allows you to easily upgrade the cwm recovery to a new version when one becomes available for your device . it also allows you to manage nandroid backups stored on the sd card , as well as perform a slew of other useful advanced tasks . these include fixing app/data permissions , re-partitioning of the sd card right on the phone , downloading different custom roms and flashing them directly from the app . a paid " premium " version of the app has more advanced features , such as ota update notifications for custom roms that support it , etc .
that is got it all covered pretty good , but a couple of things should be pointed out one feature of rom manager--"backup current rom"--is useful in that it integrates all of your apps ( including paid ones ) , all of your data ( such as contacts , text messages , saved photos , browser bookmarks ) , and your system state ( your desktop arrangement , your preferences , your app defaults ) and rolls them up with your rom into a complete system image--your " current rom " . that is great if something goes screwy with a new rom , but it is not the way to restore apps and preferences after upgrading your firmware--unless you want to go back to your old firmware too . titanium backup will backup or restore your entire app set in a single batch process ; or , you can wait for android market to restore your apps ; as for non-market apps , you can use android mate to individually save each app to sd as an installable apk the first thing a long-time android user does when faced with an fc is open up rom manager and run fix permissions . i cannot overstate how valuable that function is .
if you have debugging enabled , you can use adb to pull files from the phone . if you can not remember the names of the files , you can use adb shell to enter the phone 's shell and then browse the filesystem with normal unix commands , such as ls , cd dir , cd ..etc . once you have a list of files to copy , use adb pull /sdcard/path/to/file.ext localpath/file.ext . if you prefer to use a graphic interface , install the full sdk and eclipse , then use the ddms view to browse and copy files .
onik 's right that adb is your best bet for retrieving your apps , data , etc . but to get it all , you need to be rooted . xda has an extremely simple guide for rooting that fortunately does not require the use of the screen , it just requires usb debugging . once you root and start adb shell , try entering su before anything else . if the prompt changes from $ to # then you have root privileges . if it fails , adb probably gained root privileges automatically . now you can access the full contents of the data partition and other areas normally off-limits .
go to settings -> backup and reset . then check ' backup my data ' and ' automatic restore ' . an alternative is to use an app like ultimate backup or titanium .
the google does not saves your apps . i have tryed that . i was downloaded 380 mobile security and it detected 40 viruses . i pressed clean all and a rescaned : the viruses was not removed . i performed a factory reset and the viruses was removed . this is the solution when you have many viruses on android . my tablet model is:maxwell maxtab h10
forget the wifi network you are trying to connect to from your mobile . turn off your router and turn it on . try connecting to this wifi network again
on samsung devices over on the sprint forums , they have posted a fix for this without needing a reset : go into menu -> settings -> call settings -> reject with message . if you have more than 5 messages in there , delete some so you have less than 5 . people are reporting that once they do that , they are once again able to receive calls without the force close happening . hope that helps ! in case its an htc device follow this go to your facebook app and under synchronize settings choose to delete all facebook data . afterwards log out of the facebook app . go to account and synchronizing settings and remove any facebook entries . now your contacts should no longer contain any data from facebook and should not be linked with facebook either . go to the facebook app , sign in and re-choose the synchronizing settings . press " synchronize " in upper right corner . go to accounts and synchronizing and add facebook for htc sense and perhaps also the normal facebook account . it will now start re-synchronizing everything and you have to link all your contacts again , but it now works if both methods did not work for you go for an factory-reset that will surely solve your network and call issues .
this error message would not go away until i cleared my call log history .
you mentioned using titanium backup for removing apps , but another nice but not so well known feature is tb 's ability to give you a breakdown of what is taking up space and where . open tb click the ' overview ' button at the top , if you are not already there at the bottom of that screen you will see a chart of your storage items and usage . press your finger anywhere in that section and you will be brought to the ' overview of app storage use ' screen . from there you will see a breakdown , per app , of what is taking up the most space , in what areas . since you are already in tb , anything you want to uninstall you can just click and do so right there .
if you get an error like " insufficient memory " , " storage low " , or the like , this usually refers to the /data partition . that is not only where user-installed apps go to , but also their data . you tried to free some space by deleting " pre-installed apps " . they are usually referred to as " system apps " , as they reside on the /system partition . so deleting them usually does not free up space on /data ( to be more precise : it only frees up little , as those apps store their configuration and data there ) . which explains why your " delete operations " had not the desired effect . following the insufficient-memory tag , you will find a lot of questions dealing with this issue . i heartly recommend you visiting its tag wiki first , which gives you some " first aid " . for more information , check the highest frequented questions next . if there are still remaining points , feel free to ask a new question addressing those . ps : this 3-step of " tag wiki " , " tag faq " and " remaining questions " fits in many places . unfortunately , our tag wikis do not receive the attention they deserve . . .
solution : apparently there is a bug with this in android 3.2 . rotating your xoom will fix it .
try deleting the /mnt/sdcard/DCIM/.thumbnails folder and rebooting your phone . you may need to clear data for media storage and possibly the gallery app/anything related as well .
deleting sdcard/DCIM/.thumbnails folder solved this for me .
i had the same issue . turns out my . thumbnails folder was not inside my dcim folder . i moved it back inside , restarted the phone and it is been fine since
go to your menu --> dev tools --> media provider --> scan sdcard after this restart your application .
for me , it was enough to just open /mnt/sdcard/dcim/ . thumbnails folder using astro file manager , i scrolled down and up through all files within this folder and i have seen system showing message " creating thumbnails " . once i returned to gallery , even without restarting phone , all camera pictures and videos displayed properly . you could also try opening a few of the photos in the dcim folder using astro in order to trigger a refresh .
sdrescan is small and easy to use : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bero.sdrescan if you happen to have a custom rom with dev tools installed , use that : launch " dev tools " => media provider => scan sdcard both ways hide the manual steps from you and you can not delete stuff by mistake this way .
you need to reescan the sdcard . add this line after save the image sendstickybroadcast ( new intent ( intent . action_media_mounted , uri . parse ( "file://"+ environment . getexternalstoragedirectory ( ) ) ) ) ; and add permisions in androidmanifest . xml
only one way to find out . recognize 10 songs with each and compare results . no way the data traffic results are the same . you will need some population ( more than 1 tests and take average ) in order to get some results . ideally you would test with the same data but that is just impossible . unless you have 2 devices checking the same sound at the exact same time . . . still i guess you would be able to make a good comparison with different fragments of the same song on a single device , alternating soundhound and shazam . what you really want is an app that stores the recorded sound to analyze later on when you are on a free ( or at least much cheaper ) wifi network . only reason for this question is you have to watch your data traffic , no ?
i would suggest pulling it off and trying again . usually this happens when kies was not able to properly communicate with the device after putting it into download mode . i have had this happen before and rebooting my device and trying again worked . you can also try putting the phone into download mode manually ( may or may not work while plugged into usb ) : remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white logo text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time .
as of 2.3.4 this issue is fixed . for other users on previous versions , i temporarily solved this problem by disabling wifi all together .
revert ? if the os itself is not sleeping properly , you can not do much else besides install a kernel or rom that behaves better .
if it is a wi-fi issue , have the stand by settings changed with the new installation ? settings-> wireless and networks-> wi-fi settings menu-> advanced-> wi-fi sleep policy has this setting changed from to never ( which will keep the wi-fi on all the time ) ?
have you tried updating the battery statistics ? it is said to help with battery life in some cases . charge the phone completely . while still on the charger , boot into recovery . in recovery , reset the battery statistics . reboot the phone . when it has booted completely , unplug the charger . run the phone until the battery is completely flat and the phone turns off .
sms popup lets you set custom notification sounds , volumes , vibrates , led flash and icon for popups , separately from the system notification settings . well worth installing , it is the first app i put on my phones , and the first i recommend to others , really fixes a hole in the android notifications .
one simple method would be to use a custom ringtone for sms where the audio itself is louder . you coould use a loud audio clip or edit one to be louder .
all of the more popular sms replacement apps on android - handcent sms , chompsms and gosms offer the ability to have custom ringtones . they also have customizable vibration patterns and you can also use custom notification icon colours and tones for a particular contact 's sms . to adjust volume , however , @matthew 's suggestion of different volume levels on ringtones is the easiest way to handle things .
just flash the system . img ( one from 4.2.1 ) over your current system , also make sure you are running the corresponding recovery , radio , kernel , and bootloader that came with your takju/yakju factory image . do that and and try the ota again , should work . " flashing system . img did not wipe data/app " ( just backup if you are worried about losing data/app ) note:you will lose root or else try flashing 4.2.2 manually from here
it seems that i have solved the given problem . in fact , it was not actually a problem - the application i used had some problems with bluetooth . i tried setting bt up , and it worked . i was able to send files from my pc to my phone without any problems . on the other hand , the application did not work - i was unable to control my pc via my phone using bt . checking their website i noticed that the bt feature is actually pretty bugy . ( the app is unified remote ) . then , just for testing purposes i tried windows remote service , and it worked , without problems . so , basically , it seems the problem was somewhere in the app . i changed the app and manage to achieve what i needed - to remotely control my pc from my phone . just one note - it is recommended you use windows ' default drivers for your bt device . you can use this freeware - bluetoothinstaller . com to install the bt device with ms dfeault drivers .
widgets do not work when the app has been moved to the sd card . when i originally tried moving the app back to the phone to test this , i could not get the widget to show up in the list either . however , i restarted the phone and then the widget was available to be used . so , if you want the widget back , move the google+ app back to the phone and then restart your phone . if you want to keep the widget , you can not move the app to the sd card .
raw contacts are joined according to rules described at using the contacts api : two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , " bob parr " and " parr , bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , " bob parr " and " robert parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , helen [ "elastigirl" ] = helen parr [ "elastigirl" ] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , bob parr> [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences ( bob=bob=bob ) and diacritical marks ( hélène=helene ) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , " ( " , " ) " , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) . automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . there is also explicit aggregation , that can be set for raw contacts , if a user explicitly wants two contacts to be joined . read more about it in the article .
with audio muter you should be able to set the media volume to silent , however it is a paid app .
realsilent may do the trick for you : there is a bug report for this issue , but it has not been acknowledged by google .
do you have an ics rom installed ? i have that same issue with t9 keyboard on the galaxy nexus . i reported the issue to nuance but they claimed the t9 does not support ics . you can fix it by holding down the backspace key until the whole field is cleared , then switch to a non-sliding keyboard to enter the info in the To: field .
have you tried plugging in another pair of headphones on your phone ? if there is a similar problem with plugging in the jack completely , there might be a problem with the jack ( female ) on the phone . you might want to get it replaced .
usim could mean one of two things . universal subscriber identity module , which refers to the software that runs within the sim card ( technically now called a uicc ( universal integrated circuit card ) in umts parlance ) . usim could also mean microsim ( using u rather than μ ) , a sim card format ( technically known as 3ff ) smaller than the minisim ( 2ff ) used in most devices .
sim is a old guy , but usim ( card 's name is uicc , usim is logical module ) is new designed specially for umts ( 3g ) generation . while sim can also be used to access 3g , usim has extra advantages over sim : 3g video calls ( not supported with sim ) higher security : usim introduces new algorithm to prevent unauthorized access to phone line . plus , it encrypts your calls and internet traffic with stronger encryption keys . it stores contacts securely too . bigger and improved phonebook : usim allows you to store thousands of contacts ( limit on sim is 255 ) . each contact can now contain email id and more than one phone number . usim can run small applications like computer ( sim 's analog is simple sim menu which can not compute something by own other than communicating with carrier 's server ) .
you can extract the apk file ( which is just a jar/zip file ) and find the folder where the app stores the images , it is usually in the res folder , but it may be different place . if the app use apk expansion , then the image may also be stored in the expansion file . note that you may be violating the copyright of the developer by using these images , it is better if you contact the developer and request permission to use these images .
use the original odin firmware and flash it to stock via odin .
some resources i have found regarding nfc tags seems to indicate this would not be possible : nfc chip types the highest memory available is only about 7600 bytes . which is quite a bit more than most apks . nfc data exchange format the standardized data format specification that is supported by nfc devices . at a basic level , an ndef record contains two components : ( 1 ) the data and ( 2 ) a descriptor of that data which is used to contextualize the data . [ . . . ] ndef supports a fairly limited set of actions . more complex actions can be implemented with customized software running on the touching device . so the default actions that may be supported by nfc devices are : url text email vcard phone sms uri in order to support a non-standard action , you would have to completely implement that in a separate app . then to transport your apk , it would have to be within the data limitations of all modern nfc tags .
by using an android emulator such as genymotion or the one provided by google , you can download the amazon appstore on that " device " and authorize it that way . from then on , you can just get the app of the day by visiting this link from your desktop browser .
normaly the developer can set which button do which action . so it is different from app to app . the only way is , sorry , rooting and remap your headset buttons .
were the apps developed using above air for android ? there seems to be a distinction between the two sdks . look at this tutorial for all the info on getting started . even if some of the info is redundant , it does have a section on deployment to the phone .
here 's an answer for regular end users who happen upon this question because they are confused about the whole " air " thing , wondering " how to install and adobe air based app ? " if you phone does not already have it installed , get the adobe air app . now you can download and install any of the apps that are based on adobe air . there is really not a lot to it for end users . even if you do not install the adobe air app and you try to install an air based app , it will automatically direct you to install adobe air .
here 's a video that shows how to turn an air app into into an apk file . i am not a dev so i have no idea what he is talking about but it sounds like what you want to do so it may help .
short answer that very much depends on your device , as the rooting process often is device specific . following up to the rooting tag wiki will give you some basic info , and also provide a link to our rooting index , which might even already include a link for your device . tl ; dr basically , rooting just means to push a binary ( su ) and a helper app ( superuser / superuser or supersu ) to the system partition . so as compro01 wrote in his comment on your question , you are " customizing your rom " somehow . on most devices that is all you need , though how that is accomplished is a different thing , as it is a little chicken-and-egg : you want to gain root permissions on your device – and for that , you first have to push those two files to /system , which only can be done with root permissions . so in most cases , this requires some " hacking " , which is what sparx refers to in his answer might cause your device to be unusable . i rooted several devices already , and when sticking to the instructions the device should not become " unusable " ( though i admit there might be rare cases ) . i had it once a device became instable ( apps crashing , device rebooting itself multiple times a day ) , but that was easily cured by a factory reset .
in theory - yes . in practice , it varies from device to device - a very common way of an end-user obtaining root is to flash an insecure kernel . this can be a standalone kernel or a pre-rooted kernel + rom combination . for certain devices , there are also available a number of 3rd party " one-click rooting " apps . that being said , rooting might cause your device to be unusable ( if not done correctly or something unexpected occurs ) , so read the instructions carefully before proceeding and always backup your data to an external source like dropbox or to your pc before you begin . here 's a link ( unverified ) on how to root your verizon stellar .
the answer is yes . it is not mandatory for you to install custom rom for rooting your device . rooting process is a actually you are getting all the privileges of your phone . so it is not necessary to install custom rom steps to do rooting : find root files for your android device on the internet ( every phone has a different root file ) . place it in your sdcard reboot your phone in the boot loader mode . select file from the boot menu hit install . i can help you in your rooting process if you tell me which device you are using . here is an unverified way to do it ( samsung steller ) .
if you can pass the usb control of the device from the host to the guest , then it should be perfectly fine . this requires the closed-source version of virtual box . source
no , there are currently no in-app purchases available ( as of feb . 11th 2014 ) . if you read the reviews on amazon , you are not the only one who'd like to pay to get an ad-free version , but it is not available .
as of today , 3/23/14 , to commemorate the 3rd anniversary of the amazon app store , zynga has released a version for the kindle fire with in-app purchasing . the ui for the updated app mimics the version that had been already available in the google play store .
have you tried the manual from the international site ?
i do not think there is such option in android , but if you know your phone 's model you could always google it . for instance , if you look at wikipedia article about galaxy nexus , you would see that it supports all four gsm bandwidths ( 850/900/1800/1900 ) . just have a look at " compatible networks " section in the box on right side .
wikipedia and the xda-developers wiki should be a good resource : gt-i9250 on xda wiki gt-i9250 on wikipedia
tablets have larger screens , and often more powerful cpus , than phones , which vastly increases power consumption . in order to provide the battery life expected , tablet batteries have much higher capacity than typical phones , and would charge at an unacceptably slow rate with a 5v , 550ma charge provided by a usb 2.0 computer port ( some wall chargers are 850ma or 1-2a ) . at 550ma and 5v , you are getting 2.75 watts ( volts x amps ) , at 2a , you are as high as 10 watts . charging at a higher voltage allows a faster charge while keeping the current down , which minimizes the need for heavier conductors in the cable , etc . the asus charger used with the transfomer series , for example , uses 1.5a at 15v , which provides 22.5 watts . i believe the ipad charger has similar characteristics . each of these uses a proprietary connector which provides a signal to the charger that it can safely output the higher voltage , which reduces the risk of damaging other equipment by connecting it to the higher voltage charger . the asus will charge , albeit very slowly , from a computer usb port using the proprietary cable ; the same may be true of other tablets . edit : an additional factor is the maximum current rating of the pins in the usb connector . this article states that the maximum rated current on pins 1 and 5 of a micro usb connector is 1.8 amps for a total of 9 watts . currents beyond that amount run the risk of overheating the pins .
the google nexus 7 charges from its micro-usb port . i am not sure if it'll charge plugged into a computer usb port , but plugged into the wall , it works great .
the usb spec specifies that the power supplied over usb shall be ~5v dc , which is fine . a single usb device ( e . g . your tablet ) may draw up to 500 ma of power in usb 2 and 900 ma of power in usb 3 . this is the issue - it is workable but not ideal . using a usb cable as a power connector between a tablet and the ac adapter that came with the tablet is a different story - they can do anything they want - but charging from a usb port is governed by the above limitations .
lync 2010 has support for calls : lync 2010 for android extends the power of lync to your mobile device – including rich presence , instant messaging , audio conferencing , and calling features from a single , easy-to-use interface . however , you will need to check with your it department if it has been enabled for your account .
try to install stock rom download ( stock rom ) ftf file from here . . and flash it using flashtool . . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2105836
if you unlocked your bootloader and flashed a custom kernel , try : hold home and power button , phone will restart . press back button repeatedly , phone will boot into recovery . now wipe data , wipe cache , dalvik chache , dalvik battery status . in mount n system : format data , format system , format cache . now flash your rom zip and after successful flash , reboot the phone . note : always flash the kernel which is given along with the rom
have you installed any custom calling app ? i am sure that this is not the case on my default stock calling app .
in htc wildfire there is option in Settings -&gt; Sound &amp; display Quiet ring on pickup Reduce ring volume when I move phone ) . it might be the same option or similar in nearby .
just play the elements . a very cpu intensive game . if you add a lot of stuff to make the simulation very slow , you are sure to use the cpu on full . meanwhile you could use gps fix to constantly use your gps . and you could leave your bluetooth on . all this at the same time ( especially with the sgs2 and cyanogenmod ) you might end up using more power than your phone can recharge .
enable your gps and use navigator to some location you are not going to that is far away . then watch a movie on your phone with brightness on max . this will get the job done .
watch a movie with full brightness , download a large file , while enabling wifi tethering ( this is a great battery drain ) , gps , bluetoth and wifi at the same time .
in order to drain your battery just run something cpu-intensive like video playback . if you want to wear the battery out ( make it lose capacity permanently ) you need to follow the guidelines for prolonging the battery lifetime but in reverse - cause deep discharges and mildly overheat the battery .
if you know some basic programming , you can write an application that just do some random calculations ( e . g . calculating primes , factorials , or even folding proteins ) , request cpu lock , prevent screen from turning off , turn on gps , bluetooth , wifi , turn on vibrators , record videos , etc .
i removed /data/etc/wifi , /data/misc/dhcp and /data/misc/wifi and it worked .
this is what worked for me : turn off wifi ( this may not be necessary ) remove /data/misc/wifi reboot another possible option : fxr wifi fix and rescue
i found the solution , it is a device matter and not host matter : hence , i am right when i wrote this question in stackexchange-url and not in askubuntu exchange . go to Settings &gt; Developer options&gt; Developer options . then , check : USB Debugging
the standard fmradio is designed specifically for that chipset employed by the htc one , you will have difficulty in finding support for that said chipset hence the radio fm apps you see on the play-store may not have the support for it . vital questions : which htc one model are you referring to ? after consulting pdadb .netthere seems to be a few of them ? what android version are you referring to ? do not forget one important matter about the standard fm radio , more then often , if not likely , it will have supporting libraries found in /system/lib and commonly enough , if an attempt to copy the apk of the app and install it elsewhere will fail either due to missing dependencies on the libraries in question or the chipset does not have the kernel support either . the mileage will vary depending on the above .
free option : nextradio by sprint says specifically it is not a streaming services , but uses the fm tuner in your phone . it says it is only for a few sprint phones , but appears to be installable on my galaxy nexus and moto x , so it should be available for your htc one play edition . about : key features : tune in to local fm stations on your phone find radio stations by genre or frequency in the guide uses 90% less data than streaming music get 3x better battery life compared to streaming music note : for another possibly free option , see the conversation below . paid option : as stated on android central , the spirit fm app will do the trick on the htc one play edition : if you are an average phone user , and do not know what android " rooting " is , spirit will likely > not offer you much more than your stock fm app . if your phone does not have a stock fm app , > it is unlikely that spirit will work on it . spirit is mostly for android enthusiasts who " root " and " rom " their phones . but it also works > on many stock , " store bought " phones . . . . this works with : . . . htc : one stock , google play edition and aosp one x lte ( at and t ) lte / one s . . . this is a paid option , but has been quoted to work on your device and you can always refund within 15 minutes if it does not . i had a conversation with an htc representative and while he said it should be possible , he could not give me any specifics . the conversation is below . wes : thank you for contacting htc chat . hello jacob . yes y ou can but y ou may need to download as a third party app . jacob : do you know of any ? the only ones i can find are internet radio ones , i would like to utilize the fm tuner hardware jacob : or do you know of a place i can download the app from the non-play edition ? wes : i really am not sure what 3rd party app that would be workable . wes : sorry for the inconvenience . jacob : would htc be able to provide the app from the original htc one ? wes : that would be a pre installed app . there isnt really a link for them . jacob : i know . that is why i wanted to ask an htc representative wes : i am looking into it at the moment . wes : https://play.google.com/store/search?q=fm%20radio tell you the truth though , the second is simply fm player and it looks promising , but states it is only for motorola devices .
i will put this altogether here . google and some oems do not seem to be supporting fm anymore , as evident in the nexus 4 and 5 not having any fm hardware built in . the samsung galaxy s4 also are carrying on this trend . the theory being that there are internet raido services that can stream thousands of channels . which does not suit everyone . the theory is that it saves space for the hardware and cost in manufacture . android forums discussion on the lack of fm on nexus 5 this xda thread suggests it is not possible however there are fm apps out there . this is a very lowly reviwed fm app on the play store that claims to use the tuner . update : does not work on htc one . this xda thread has an attached apk for an fm tuner that may work . i have not tested , the usual warnings about unknown sources applies , of course . another xda fm radio for rooted devices there is one more here the one that is most recommended that i have found is spirit fm which specifically states that no internet connection is required . try them out , see what works , and most of all be wary of permissions and apps you are not confident about .
if you still have the warranty left it is best to change the battery , but the problem could be because of overcharging and discharging of the battery it has happened to a friend of mine who had a samsung galaxy s3 and after 3 months after purchase he had his battery replaced by warranty . the reason they gave was that he was using the charger on for too long and it had affected the battery . personally it does not occur a lot but if it does its better to check it at a service center and get to know the problem clearly instead
stock browser ( the one with blue icon ) from android jellybean supports offline reading with saving web pages . . menu-> save for offline reading opera mini for android also supports saving web pages menu-> saved pages-> save
all the below apps are free and on google-play-store you could use google chrome beta which supports offline web pages . this article entitled 4 hidden settings to make chrome for android even better mentions this . here is the relevant extract : make web pages accessible offline ever surfing the web from your phone and suddenly find yourself in a dead-zone with no connection ? this next setting will let you continue to view content , provided you have opened the page before and have a cached version of it on your device . to enable it , head back into the chrome flags section and find the option called " enable offline cache mode . " tap enable and restart . from xda developers best android browser for offline reading thread : firefox can save pages as pdf there is offline browser which could be very useful to you . dolphin browser hd has offline support . xda also mentions opera mini and boat browser , but i have not used them in many years . alternatively to a browser , something like pocket can save things for offline use , as a specific function so you can use any broswer you want !
have you tried to wipe your data/cache + dalvik ? for my experience , sometimes the black-screen is due to a bad-flashing procedure ( not your fault ) when something goes wrong . if you did not tried yet , try and let me know ! regards , luca
i ended up flashing the stock rom ( using sammobile.com ) back again and using the stock recovery to do a factory reset as the team win recovery format did not do anything . that did the trick , but of course all data is gone too . oh well .
apps and their data are stored on a different partition ( /data ) from media ( /sdcard0 ) and removable storage ( /sdcard1 ) . if you are rooted , you can use an app like disk usage to check what is taking up space on your internal memory .
take it to the samsung care and fresh install the kitkat rom all your problems will be solved . if you don wana go to samsung care go to sammobile . com find the suitable firmware and flash your device using odin .
you can install an app to see what apps asks permission to use gps then you can see which app of all of them is using your gps but rulling out them one by one . propably fb or another sns app did this . if huawei wanted to spy on you there are better ways to do so . one good app to start with is f-secure app permission and can be found here https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fsecure.app.permissions.privacyhl=en
using the ls command , you can find out the owner ( and group ) of those directories . following this with a ls on /data , and watching out for the same ownership , you should find only one hit , reveaing the package name of the corresponding app – which you then can use on the google play website to find the matching app ( by placing the found package name after the id= part of the url ) . as access to the /data directory is restricted , the above commands must be executed with root privileges .
applock is a legitimate app , considering that you opted to install it . it allows the device owner to assign a password to any app , settings area , or even google play thereby making it possible ( for example ) to lend the device to a young child without having to worry about the youth accessing those apps , settings or store . the app works as defined . i would therefore not consider the directories as suspicious , if they indeed are owned by applock as a previous post clarified .
after a grep through dumpstate logs in /data/log , i noticed that the sqlite3 file was being accessed by com.domobile.applock .
the easiest way is to use a barcode you could e.g. create with an app like my qr code generator . if you do not want to install an app for the purpose , there are also web services available like e.g. goqr . me -- simply search google for qr code generator vcard . the result is a qr-code -- a simply image you can put on your web page . on android ( and other ) devices , a qr code reader ( best known and widely used on android is barcode reader ) utilizes the camera to take a picture from it , analyzes the coded content , and then offers an appropriate action . in case of a vcard , this would e.g. be to add it to your contact list -- exactly what you intended . of course you could simply export your contact data in vcard format for download ( on opening that , the user would get the same choice to add the content to the contacts ) . you also could combine both , linking the qr-code image to the downloadable vcard ( make sure the file extension of the vcard file is set to .vcf , so the web server gets a chance to set the correct mime type -- otherwise it may be treated as " plain text " and opened inside the browser instead of being downloaded ) . this way a visitor could either use a barcode reader , or click on the code to download the vcard . thus it even could be imported to apps on the pc : ms outlook , gnome evolution , and others understand the vcard-format as well . troubleshooting : if you linked the vcard .vcf file for download , and it still only gets displayed in the browser window , here 's how this can be fixed with apache web server ( solution by mrglass -- thanks ! ) : edit your apache config ( or , if you cannot access this , edit/create the .htaccess file in the directory your .vcf is stored ) to contain the following segment : &lt;FilesMatch "\.vcf$"&gt; ForceType text/vcard Header set Content-Disposition attachment &lt;/FilesMatch&gt; 
while it is hard to say why that happened last night beyond some guessing , it is possible to track down any future issues . install betterbatterystats ( it is open source , and it is available for free outside of the market if you are comfortable installing apks from " unknown sources" ) and let it track your usage . it will give you more detailed information on what exactly is using your battery by way of cpu time . my guess is you had an application that kept waking the screen .
keep in mind that on the battery usage screen even though per-app breakdown always adds up to 100% , it does not represent the full capacity of your battery , but rather only the used portion . in other words , if your phone is reporting current battery level of 65% , the breakdown is for the other 35% . since nothing really happens overnight , it is not unusual for the " screen " to be shown as taking 90% ( again , that is 90% of the used up 35% ) . that just means you have used the screen for a little bit , and then nothing else consumed too much battery . it is possible that you had too little charge left over from the day before and not having the phone plugged in overnight pushed it over the edge .
winamp will need to be installed for android systems . you should not have to do anything if it is an iphone , ipod , etc as they will play and detect the . pls stream . also i am not sure and would like to find out myself if this type of stream is supported for other pads and such except phones as i am trying to build a mobile site for my station . any info ?
i believe you need to install winamp or another shoutcast-streaming client .
the default browser does not have extensions , but what you are looking for might be found as android apps , for instance : " bookmark sort and backup " ( bookmarksb ) . the bookmarks themselves are considered part of android not of the default browser , but the addon would only have use through the default browser and there are changes made to the options in browser that you will not see in other browsers from installing this app . for serious stuff like effective ad blocking and changes to the hosts file you would need root access , before you can use full features of such addons , and in particular modify your hosts file . the hosts file would apply to your entire system not to a specific browser or application .
before you flash a modem , try another dialer app , just in case it is at fault . check if 3g/lte/wifi are working at all . chances are that it is the modem that is causing the issue but it is easier to install an app or two before flashing basebands . on the samsung galaxy s4 international lte model : gt-i9505 you cannot flash a modem through recovery . you must use Odin to do this . complete list of modems for gt-i9505 and i9500 is here . it is with noting that sometimes the first flash fails , and can even read as " success " in odin . untick reboot and try it twice , then reboot the device . you man need to try a couple of modems , but try initially to flash the one relative to your rom ( in your case XXUFNAD ) . however , the baseband ( modem ) can be different depending on your region/carrier/settings/rom so a little trial and error is required . you may be using a 4.2 modem for example and this probably will not work . most 4.3 and 4.4 modems will work fine in kitkat . edit : this is the recommended modem with the new bootloader . this modem is XXUEMJ5 version . try this first . then experiment with others . flash it in odin as below , however , do it separetely without the bootloader option .
yup , it is perfectly fine . i do it regularly while playing games .
and what to do before that , also important . ok , short guide – assuming your .apk has the name metro.apk , and you are in the very same directory on your computer where that file resides : PC&gt; adb push metro.apk /data/local/metro.apk PC&gt; adb shell $ su # pm install /data/local/metro.apk  what i am just wondering : what makes you think you need to be root for that ? taking the shorter road : PC&gt; adb install metro.apk  saves a few steps : ) otoh , if you are talking about a system app , things might look different :
the first thing worth noting that your original attempt at pointing your browser to the . apk directly should work ( see the comments starting with stephen schrauger 's ) . it is not really clear why this would not be the case for you , but you may want to double-check your downloads app ( in the app drawer ) and your pathing . it could be that it is " downloading " in the background but it happens so quickly that you do not realize it . if for some reason that really is not working , then you can try a potential workaround . this is pretty ugly , but it does work . i have tested this on my nexus 10 , for reference . create a folder on your laptop that contains your apk files ( we will call it apkfolder for the purposes of this example ) , then within that folder create an html file ( we will call it apkinstall.html ) using a text editor . since you have an astro apk , use this as the content of the html file : &lt;a href="Astro.apk"&gt;Install Astro&lt;/a&gt;  where Astro.apk should be the actual name of your astro apk file . now copy apkfolder onto the root of your nexus 7 's storage using android file transfer . make sure that all the apks copy over as well as the html file . if you are using textedit on a mac : textedit will attempt to treat things as rtf files by default , so even if you save it with a . html extension it may not work . one workaround i have found is to go to Format &gt; Make Plain Text before you save the file . you will know you are in the correct format when the rulers and such disappear from the textedit window . then you can save the file and make sure you use change the .txt to .html . next launch your browser , and point it to file:///sdcard/apkfolder/apkinstall.html . you should get a mostly blank page , with a link that says " install astro " . click that link to install the astro apk from your storage , then use astro to install all your other apps . if you are using chrome , then you will probably need to pull down the notification bar and tap the " download complete " notification to actually kick off the install . in the more general case , if you did not have a file manager apk , you could instead add a bunch of link entries to the html file - one for each app - and install all of them that way . in your case , this should not be necessary .
make sure you must put cache in obb folder . if its a file with . obb extension you must put it in obb folder but first make sure its in correct folder name and dont just copy in obb folder . for example it must be in this path : obb/com.ea.game.fifa14_row/main.128.com.ea.game.fifa14_row.obb
you must be online when you start it for the first time . that is the resource it is not getting .
you might be able to get some of what you want from carat . this app is a project from uc-berkeley to measure what is using your battery and how your battery life compares to other people 's devices . it does not directly measure cpu , but your resource hogs are going to use more battery by implication . from the description : carat will tell you which apps it thinks are hogs ( they use a lot of battery ) and which are bugs ( they use a lot of battery on your device but not most others ) . being a hog or a bug does not make an app ' bad ' , but a user trying to improve their battery life can use these designations to adjust their behavior . == carat features == action list telling you how to improve your battery life and by how much device information detailing exactly what data we are recording reports apps that are using lots of energy and whether that is happening on other devices , too detail views let you dive down into the data and see graphs of energy use low-overhead sampling requires almost no energy or cpu j-score tells you how your battery efficiency compares to other users sharing features let you post/tweet/blog about your experience ; more users means more data which means better recommendations for you
solution as per link provided by op : vijesh finally was able to solve his issue using the all-in-one toolkit , following the instructions from this xda thread . this toolkit requires windows . not explicitly mentioned in the xda thread , but most likely this means you have also to install the appropriate device drivers for your smartphone . but it looks like the toolkit offers to do that for you as well , see the item i - install apx drivers in below screenshot : the all-in-one toolkit ( source : xda ; click image for larger variant ) the tool seems to be pretty self-explaining . for the installation , you simply run the self-extractor , which prompts you for a target directory . then you start the tool , and select the wanted item ( here probably 6 - lg update tool ) . again , everything runs almost automatically -- simply follow the instructions given . the .kdz file should be flashed then to the device , and you will end up with the fresh rom installed .
i tried everything too . but after a while , i had to install a fresh version of windows 7 and to my surprise , samsung galaxy s connected with usb .
i would try uninstalling all your drivers/software for the phone , rebooting , reinstalling the official drivers from samsung.com/uk, and trying again . you could also just install the drivers on another computer that has never had the phone connected , to ensure it starts in a clean state . if that does not work , i would guess a trip to warrantyland is required .
i had a simular problem , it was caused by moisture getting into the terminals while using phone in the rain . terminals need to be cleaned or replaced
i will give here a solution which i found when i had a similar problem ( note : this answer was already given in this question ) . it really took me some time to find this solution , and to be honest , i seem to be the only one with this problem/solution , but maybe it helps other : -- my answer to a similar question on this site -- i had a similar problem when i still had my palm synchronization software installed . for some reason or another , it used comm port 4 for it is communication ( do not know why but it did ) , and that conflicted ( probably behind the scenes ) with the communication with my galaxy s . once i uninstalled the palm synchronization software , the connection went fine . so please check if on your pc some sort of other communication device is installed .
i had similar problems with mine - plugin on usb , it would charge but do nothing else . it would not even recognise the phone was attached to install drivers . after some internet searching , i was ready to give up . . . but i tried on a different usb port . . . and more importantly , used an old usb cable from my old phone . suddenly all sprang into life ! so my suggestion is to try a different cable , i think cheap cables are not all made equally . charging worked with either cable , butif the pc knows something is plugged in and istalls the drivers then this is not likely to be your problem , unless you have a dodgy connection in there somewhere .
i have followed the exact steps from link : samsung mobile mtp device cannot be installed stackoverflow tutorial here are steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
i was using google maps latitude ( afaik shipped with stock android ) for that purpose . latitude is now integrated with google maps .
if you have froyo or newer ( 2.2+ ) you can use seekdroid ( market link ) or for lower versions the same company did find my phone ( market link ) . i have tested only seekdroid , works great with the web interface , with find my phone you only get the gps coordinates via text message , but you can input the coordinates to google maps for example .
. srt is just text . so , i am sure you can edit it using any text editor like jota+ . give it a try , and let me know if it works .
with subtitle editor free you can edit your subtitles in your mobile phone . application support several different encodings and you can edit time , text , re-sync subtitles and app has a lot of other functions . try this app ! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mixedapps.subtitlescreator
first , if there is a signature mismatch and i am sure the original app comes from a trusted source , i would doubt the source the " update " comes from : the .apk very likely is manipulated , and might include malware -- so be warned ! i do not know the " one mobile market " you have downloaded it from , so i cannot tell for sure . if you still want to install the new .apk: yes , removing ( uninstalling ) the previously installed app and the installing the downloaded version should work . if the first one was installed as a system app , you will need the appropriate system tools to uninstall it ( e . g . titanium backup -- which you then could also use to create a backup before removing the app , just in case ) . alternatively , if you know the right command line tools , you can do it also via adb shell . as the app in question does not require to be made a system app , installation can be done normally without any root stuff : just tap the .apk in your file explorer , and let the normal installer do its job . after that , watch out for any strange behavior -- just in case the .apk introduced malware .
best solution i have at this point for recovering usability of your phone would be to boot into download mode and flash a full suite with odin .
try smartbar . i used to use it and it allows you to put shortcuts in the notification bar as well as hide icons in the notification bar . i can not remember off the top of my head if it hides the icons put there by other apps but i think it does . sorry for the cheap answer , i just can not remember and i do not have time right now to download it and try it out to be sure .
as of android 2.0 , the system requires that apps that run constantly in the background , and that require a certain level of priority so that they do not get killed offhand ( like music apps ) , put an ongoing notification . this was to prevent abuse of requesting this level of priority without letting the user know that it is occurring . you can read about this here : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#startforeground(int, android . app . notification )
i would talk to the developers of apps and ask them is they plan to include the option to remove the app from the notification bar . they may oblige such a request . you could also leave a comment for the app and add that as a side note . cm team and other rom developers do create flashable updates to their roms so that icons and other items can be removed from the notification bar , but they usually do not do this for specific applications . you could check out information on this in the forum of the rom you are using .
as others have said , you can not remove an ongoing notification from the notification bar . it is there to alert the user that the app is constantly running , and without it the app could potentially be killed at any time by the os . that said , if you are running jelly bean ( or newer ) , there is the option of disabling all notifications from an app . the setting is per-app and can be found in settings > apps > ( select the app ) > uncheck the " show notifications " box . the one caveat to this method is that the app will no longer show any notifications in the notification bar , but if that is acceptable to you than i have found this method to be an easy way to stop my notification drawer from filling up with unnecessary notifications .
at least on non-touchwiz devices the contacts can be transferred from Contacts -&gt; menu -&gt;Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone ( or Import from SIM Card in later versions ) .
yes , just go to : Contacts -&gt; Menu -&gt; Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone or you can view this more detailed article to help you : http://androidadvices.com/import-sim-contacts-android-phone/
when you are in contacts you have to edit your contact list by importing or exporting contacts . there is nothing on the screen to indicate how to do this but pull up the menu by pressing the icon on the very bottom left of the phone ( on the note3 this is not on the screen but on the frame around the screen ) and then you can click on import/export and move contacts to either device or sim . card by just going down the list and clicking on all the contacts you want to import or export .
be patient , it can take a while for your device to show on there
i had a similar issue ( new device can install from google play , but from the website it was not being shown as a device under my settings ) . what i had to do was to go into settings/apps/google play on the device and then clear the data . once that is done , when you next launch play , it will ask you to accept the terms and conditions . then i just downloaded an app ( any app will do ) on the device . this seems to alert the web settings that there is another device . i then checked my settings on the play website and the device was now listed ( no delay , it was there straight away ) . note that i never logged out of the browser , or cleared any browser caches etc . effectively the step are : clear the google play app cache on the android device . start play and accept t and cs download any app from inside the play app . hopefully this will work for others too .
have you tried singing out on both pc and device google ( ever stuff ) accounts then history / catch erase un sync old device from the gmail address via your google dashboard settings then on device delete and re associate new device by add account on sign even though the device is new and listed as compatible you may need to go to ' market ' to download ' google play ' app . yes i no sounds silly but true story . . go into device settings -- to applications and sync ---into device accounts / add account---ensure weather or not the data background is on if it is green or enabled try this back out to network n wifi and go to airplane mode enable then disable remember upon completion -- to enable sync or turn on sync across platforms . . . . . . . . . . . . . the only reference to the suggestions above is personal experience . . . first 1 should work tho good luck ; - )
i think the instructions you find in this thread are fairly clear , aside from the process of rooting your phone and installing rom manager . all the standard disclaimers apply , of course . what you do with your phone is your business and nothing any of us say makes us responsible if you brick your device .
i am sure about the developer 's point-of-view , but it is possible for a user to rate the app with stars only ( i.e. . no title , no comment ) . this must be the reason why you are not seeing content for them .
as far as i know there are no chat/sms applications which will support two numbers of the same user/contact at the same time . if there are two numbers , there will be two threads/conversations .
contacts+ will do that for you . it will also let you have one fixed primary " to send " number . it is great if you only want to send to one of his numbers and he only wants to send from the other . your workmate texts you from number x and you just have to write and send and the sms will be sent to number y automatically .
you would need root to access /data/data , and rooting would require unlocking your bootloader , which would wipe your data . other than doing a factory reset , there may be no other way .
if you can , boot into fastboot by holding down both volume keys and pressing the power key , then start recovery and do a factory reset .
can you not download the image of the clockwork recovery here : http://www.koushikdutta.com/2010/02/clockwork-recovery-image.html and do something like : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/&lt;recovery&gt;.img fastboot reboot  note : i have never done this via fastboot before , i have always done it via rom manager so take my advice at your own risk .
roms installed from fastboot on htc devices are different from the roms one installs through recovery . their contents are images that need flashed along with a couple . txt files that the phone uses to verify that they are built for your phone . if the phone is not nand-unlocked/s-off , they also have to be signed . take a peek at the ruu for your particular phone from this xda thread to see how they are structured .
i can only speak from personal experience . i have updated my droid x and since then i have had many issues with it . it seems to be unable to send texts or make calls that require a battery pull to fix . i have to pull the battery at least once a day . it will not find the gps , it is constantly searches for gp s . any videos i had played previously through the gallery will freeze if i try to skip . i got the mobo player and must use softdecoding in order to play movies where i can ski . some positives i like the darker look of the os . the quick text when you are ignoring a call is very nice it seemed a little faster personally i wish i never upgraded . i am really close to going back to 2.2 , but i do not want to go through all the work involved with downgrading .
now , to be fair , i never took the official ota , i was on the leaked gingerbread back in april ( or maybe march , i forget ) . i never saw a reason to go to the official build . and now i am running cm7 , which has it is own set of customisations . anyway , the downsides from what i have seen ( remember that this was an early build ) : it seemed like there was less memory to go around . i would often listen to a podcast while playing a game on froyo . occasionally , in gingerbread , the audio from the podcast would just stop , and i would notice that android ran out of ram , and killed google listen . i found certain bits of the ui to be a bit ugly , namely that menu items where black , but the background if there was not a menu was white . this was really jarring for apps that used listviews as their main interface , expecting black on black , or at least two matching colors . and now some good things : it certainly seemed much faster than froyo . but to be fair , i jumped from the leaked froyo from back in august , to this version of gingerbread . the built in launcher seemed like it was almost usable ( as opposed to the launcher in froyo and eclair ) . however , i still put adw on top of it . more apis obviously . while as a consumer you probably will not use it , developers will . and while there is not too many gingerbread specific stuff out yet , it is coming . i especially see game devs using it more and more , now that they can make games entirely in c/c++ , and do not have to touch java at all . i never had any problems with the gps , calling , or texting , like david basarab seems to have , but i guess those could be side effects of either an app he had installed , or just that he was on a later build than me .
there is an option to do this under ice cream sandwich and later , go into settings tap on data usage ensure that mobile data is activated , if not , a check-box stating set mobile data limit will appear underneath , checking that will bring up a informational dialog box stating limiting data usage . now the graph chart will have two sliders active amber ( warning ) and red ( maximum ) , by moving the amber coloured bar , that is your warning limit set . and moving the red coloured bar , is your maximum limit , set that to 250mb max as per your case , and set the amber bar to around 230mb as a warning and ics/jellybean will remind you that you are hitting the limit .
if you are connected via wi-fi , your phone will only use that connection . the only sort of data that would be required to use mobile data would be mms ( aka multimedia messages ) everything else will operate with wi-fi if you have it . one thing you will also want to look into is the wi-fi sleep policy , to ensure you phone never disconnects from wi-fi if it is in range . go to : Settings \u2192 Wifi \u2192 Advanced (via menu button) \u2192 Sleep Policy  set this to " never " , so your phone will always use wi-fi ( if available ) when it is asleep . this also saves battery as the distance between your wi-fi and your phone is a lot shorter than the phone mast and your phone ! update if you are that concerned about using mobile data , search the market for " apn droid " , which is an app that completely turns on/off your mobile data .
you may appear to be connected to your wi-fi , but you may not be connected to the internet . it is possible that the internet is down .
check your signal bar in the top right corner of the notification bar . if it displays the both the wifi ( quarter circle ) and the 3g/hdspa bar ( right triangle ) , then your phone will prefer wifi , otherwise it will use 3g/hdspa . also note that the wifi signal bar is overlaid with small triangles when there is an active data transfer through wifi and the phone signal bar is overlaid with similar triangle when there is an active data transfer through 3g/hdspa . also note that the when 3g is active , the phone signal bar is overlaid with 3g or h icon . also note that when connected to wifi , the 3g/h icon is missing from the phone signal bar , which shows that 3g/hdspa has been disabled .
the clock shown on the lock screen is part of the lock screen itself . the clock on your home screen is a widget . the only way to get the lock screen clock on your home screen is to find a widget that looks the same . there are plenty of widgets on the google play store , and if you can not find one you like you could always write one yourself !
i had the same problem . . . go to play store and update your google+ app and then try to sign in again . it worked for me .
check for a security notification under the notifications . i missed it at first on my tablet .
that definitely does not make sense . unless they somehow turned off one core ( probably impossible without serious development effort ) and compared the transfer rate to when both cores were on , you can not draw that conclusion . one phone might have a different transfer rate that another , but it has nothing to do with whether one phone has a dual-core processor or not . the speed of the internal memory or sd card and the filesystem are the most important factors , and possibly the efficiency of the storage-handling code . all three can vary between devices .
download the gsam battery monitor ( formally knows as bad ass battery monitor ) it will keep track of the number of times and for how long each app keep the device awake . open gsam and go to the app sucker view ( icon on the lower left ) . then change the view to time held awake . to see the number of time an app held the device awake press on the app . ( click to enlarge )
check " wakelock detector " - wld at googleplay ( disclosure : i am the author ) choose " full wakelocks " option to see which apps are using screen wakelocks ! currently running processes are shown in green color , which makes it easy to recognize the suspicious app . here is a screenshot , where the ad notification was detected . it was waking up my screen randomly .
in order to determine , which process causing the wakelock , you can use betterbatterystats from xda . its proven over periods , the app provides clear list of what are all process causing the wake lock and their count as well . hope it helps !
it is a problem with the google tv os , not the device 's firmware . there was a google tv update that supposedly came down the stream quite some time ago , but my logitech revue never got it . it was supposed to have given amazon instant an actual app instead of the link to chrome which is currently on the device . since logitech is no longer supporting the device , i do not count on ever getting that update , or any updates . what annoys me about this issue , though , is that i used to get hd through chrome on my revue . i actually bought an hd season pass for walking dead at the beginning of the season , and watched the first half in hd . i stumbled across the inability to watch hd content only a couple weeks ago . there must have been a software update on amazon 's end that created this new incompatibility , and since the revue is not getting any more updates , it will continue losing functionality like this . i am going to try watching walking dead via playon to see if it makes any sort of difference . though , that only runs through chrome , also . it does not have its own app on the revue , even though it does on a lot of other devices and platforms . it is only a matter of time before i replace my revue with a roku or something now .
yes there is a way . it is called foldersync . it allows you to set up folder pairs to sync and the full version even allows you to sync on changes . it also supports several other cloud services .
i have a galaxy tablet ( gt-n8013 ) . in the dropbox application , you can ' star ' specific files or folders to download to your device . this is useful if your tablet will be offline ( no wifi ) for a period of time . changes that you make to the document on the tablet will be saved to your dropbox folder , and when you re-connect to the internet will become available almost immediately . if you are going to be somewhere that has wifi , the dropbox folder allows you to open the documents from dropbox , use them , make changes or notes , and save back to dropbox . this makes it very easy to take documents to meetings via the tablet using the dropbox folder .
you could use a different account for the phone , and just share the folders you want to sync to the phone account . 15 oct saw a down-vote , so perhaps it was not clear . it is quite easy to share files between dropbox accounts . of course this is only relevant if you use a dropbox app that does not allow selective syncing . ( there are many dropbox apps )
you can use android device emulator for this . it is packaged with the android sdk and a virtual mobile device that runs on your computer . the emulator lets you develop and test android applications without using a physical device . link : http://developer.android.com/tools/help/emulator.html
here is bluestacks which gives you exactly all you want . 100 times better than emulator . i have seen my colleagues using watsapp , playing temple run ( not efficiently ) in that . you can root it too .
try androidx86 http://www.android-x86.org/download , just download the iso and create a new virtual machine , you only need about 1gb of ram .
you do not need to scroll all the way to the top to see the url field in the standard browser . at any point in the page just pull the screen down very slightly and it pulls the url bar at the top down with it , it should then stay visible for about 2 seconds unless you tap in the bar . this is also the easiest way to access any other tabs that you have got open .
if do not want to root you can use http://www.androidcentral.com/sideload-android-apps-all-you-want-sideload-wonder-machine its much easier than side loading with adb
no need to load a custom rom . you have two paths possible -- you can simply use special software on your pc to sideload apps or you can do some edits to the configuration databases on the phone to bypass the block permanently . this page covers both methods -- http://samsungcaptivate.wikia.com/wiki/how_to_sideload
the first step is to root your device : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=739304 then you will want to try out some custom roms . that thread recommends using rom manager from the market . i would start there .
check out backitude . it takes over the latitude updating for you . good reviews .
i found this from the google mobile help forum after a little searching . it is from 8/15/09 so i actually see something a little different on my phone settings > location > google location services . i have not tested it but hope it helps . quoting the site : hi everyone , apologies for not updating this thread specifically sooner . there is a new version available in android market ( version 3.1.2 ) . just search for " google maps " if you have at least the 1.5 system update ( cupcake ) and install this over your current version of maps . please let me know if you experience background location updating issues with this version . as long as you have enabled automatic location detection in the latitude privacy menu and have enabled location detection ( settings > security and location > use wireless networks ) , latitude should update your location while your phone is on . this means your location should never appear older than ~1 hour to any of your friends . thank you all for your patience ! chris
using latify , you can configure location updates using a specific interval . it will syncup with google latitude using either gps or wifi at the defined interval , even when the application is not running .
i believe that feature was added with android 2.2 as my moto droid recently got the ability to do that . unfortunately , i believe you are out of luck until at and t pushes an update to your phone , unless you are willing to install a non-standard rom .
your bar code is being recognized as physical keyboard . hence the soft virtual keyboard on your android is been disabled . . option 1: try manually checking the keyboard setting after you connect the bar code reader . go to settings -> language and input -> and check if the keyboard options are disabled and if so , try enabling them . option 2: go to settings -> language and input -> keyboard ( and input methods ) -> and check for " use physical keyboard " and put it to " off " . if the above does not work , can you send the phone model and bar code model .
i had the same problem after upgrading my android version . i fixed it by clearing the google play store cache and data . go to Menu Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Google Play Store and click the Clear cache button and Clear data button .
make sure date and time are correct . that will more than likely fix your problem .
both facebook and twitter contact sync stopped doing anything useful sometime recently ( ics ? ) . they no longer provide a meaningful between your phone contacts and the actions provided by those clients . i think this has to do with changes to the android api that for whatever reason these companies have not adapted to . there is a stop-gap solution for facebook using a third party app such as contact sync for facebook or friends sync * but i do not know any solution for twitter other than the hack-it method of having a url listed and using the web client . * this publisher also has other sync apps for foursquare , flickr , and others .
lbe works on jellybean -- just not the version you install from the playstore . the boot-loop problem is a known issue ( so nobody can understand why the developer did not even place a note on the app 's playstore page ) . on xda you can find multiple threads discussing this issue , and at least one of them also holds modified versions of lbe to download . take e.g. a look at : [ app ] lbe security manager v4.3.2738 ( this is a new version only released in chinese -- but some xda members provide a translated version here ) [ app ] [ root ] lbe privacy guard - most powerful privacy protection app for android [ app ] lbe privacy guard v2 is now available alternatives to lbe would include : pdroid privacy protection pdroid manager ( open-source alternative to it )
a few apps for you to try out:- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissions.donate
rooting will involve several steps . you may or may not want to unlock your bootloader first ( i did unlock it first before trying the following steps ) . in order to use these instructions , you will need a windows computer and your device must be running ice cream sandwich or jelly bean . you will also want to ensure your device is charged before trying to root it . these instructions are paraphrased from xperia htc rooting . download the bin4ry rooting software , and extract it to your desktop enable usb debugging on your xperia p . you can do this by going into settings > application > developer options > usb debugging and checking the box to enable it . connect your xperia p to your computer via a usb cable . if your device is not recognized , you may need to install the sony xperia p usb driver first , then reconnect it again . double click on RunMe.bat file in the bin4ry folder that you extracted a black command window popup should appear with green text . type 1 to select new_standard_root and press enter . follow the on screen instructions to root your device . note : if the new_stand_root method does not work , try repeating steps 4 and 5 with the second root method ( new xperia root by goroh_kun ) .
okay here is how to root without unlocking bootloader for xp jellybean . this is confirmed working and do it in your own risk . note : charge your phone to 100% before doing this and back up contact , message and any other installed app . download and install flashtool ( if you dont know how to flash using flashtool follow this tutorial download Sony Xperia P_6.1.1.B.1.75_Generic World from here put the ftf file inside the firmware folder of flashtool turn Usb Debugging on in your phone shut down your xperia p press the lightning icon inside flashtool select FLASHMODE ( not fastboot ) choose the sony xperia p_6.1.1 . b . 1.75_generic world ftf file for xp when flashtool ask you to connect your device , insert usb cable first in your phone then hold Volume Down button and insert the other end of usb in your pc wait till it finish disconnect your phone and power on . you are back in ics flash 0.559 kernel via flashtool remove the phone from pc , reboot the phone connect the phone to pc open flashtool hit the root button when you see " waiting for restore to finish " open your phone and run backup and restore app and restore rootme . tar file . wait until flashtool do the rest of work when u r done flash . 75 kernel via flashtool reboot the phone download cwm extract the folder connect your phone to the pc with usb debugging click on install . bat download jb kernel and pre rooted jb put it on your sd card well now shut down you xperia p turn it on enter cwm recovery by pressing volume down ( dont hold the volume button put press repeatedly move up and down using volume button select using power button ) mount system mount data mount cache flash the jb kernel zip again mount system mount data mount cache flash the jb_prerooted_6.2 . a . 0.400 . zip do not reboot ! ! wipe data/factory reset reboot ! ! it take some minutes , but just wait with patience for the 1st time you may get fc from thememanager and timescape enjoy rooted jb ! ! ! source : xda
ive also disassembled completely my s2 a few times also because of its lcd ( it was black sometimes i could see a few pixel flashing in random colors or if i was lucky the whole screen was covered in horizontal blue stripes after repeatedly being covered with a tint of a different colour ) you need to make sure the antenna is properly inserted make sure it is as straight and tucked in as possible ( push it under with something ( be careful not to scratch the pcb ) and maybe look at some picture how it should be . ) look for any damages to anything . also it might be a good idea to clean the contact ( i heard isopropyl alcohol is good and the purer it is the better but i am not sure if it is good for phones ) consider flashing a rom with the latest android ( now is 4.4.2 ) and a better kernel should help . do not bother about warranty you can always go back to stock even if the lcd dies again .
you can do all this using tasker . it may not be free , and the interface may look dated but it does all this and so much more . you will never go back to anything else once you get things setup the way you want . this is honestly the best , and most useful app on my personal phone .
while i agree with matt on the usefulness of tasker , as to my current knowledge you had have to configure all your wifi zones manually here based on their location ( e . g . via " cell near " , which leverages cell tower information and does not use much battery as the current cell is either known to the system , or via network-based or gps location ) . if you one day add a new wifi , you had to manually add it to tasker as well -- if not somebody has found a way to automate this . so i want to additionally introduce smart wifi , which automatically does that part of the job : as soon as you connect to a wifi , it records the corresponding cell tower ids . next time one of them comes in reach , wifi will be turned on automatically . so you then could use a tool like tasker to kick in on the " wifi off " condition to enable your hotspot functionality , and disable this again as soon as smart wifi enabled wifi again . also agreed with matt : once you have got to understand tasker , you will not want to miss it again -- it is such a powerful tool . concerning its price : there is a 7-day trial available at the tasker homepage . you can export its configuration , and uninstall and re-install the trial for another 7-day-period ( as described by its developer ) and import your configuration again , which gives you at least 14 days to get familiar with this app . you certainly will not regret it .
on my xperia play i have to hold vol down and power for longer than i did on gb ( it takes about a couple of seconds ) before it will take the screenshot . try the different combinations but hold them down for a couple of seconds .
press and hold the volume down and the power button at the same time . ( pressing the volume down slightly before the power and holding both . . will not work ) pressing them exactly at the same time and holding will work .
a lot of people seem to be having problems with google play movies . if you have a look on the play store page there are a lot of people complaining that the app is buggy . lots of people have fixed issues by uninstalling and reinstalling , it may not help but it is worth a try .
it sounds like something has corrupted within your phone . you did not say if you forced a factory reset - that would be my first suggestion . failing that , you are left in a tricky situation . the only think i can suggest is to root your device and install a new rom over top , i tend to advise people to install cyanogenmod . luckily there are complete instructions for doing that over at the cyanogenmod wiki . good luck .
definitely contact the dev about that , like izzy suggests . you could simply not use airplane mode ( you are not really saving battery life if you are still enabling wifi and other radio connections like bluetooth and gps ) and just disable mobile data on your device . this article indicates that you can easily disable data by going to settings > battery and data manager > data delivery > and un-tick the data enabled option . this might vary across devices and carriers . that should allow you to use your device without a mobile carrier network connection , saving battery by not searching for the network , and allow the app to work just fine .
you need to install the speech synthesis data for the tts engine . you can find it on the play store here .
you can configure your rules on your server account to do that , so you don’t need the filtering rules on every client . is very practical . but do not remember now if k9 mail client offer filtering/rule system also there is seven mail client that if i´m not wrong you can create and modify server-side email rules . with seven you will get push mail notification for mail , exchange , imap , yahoo , etc . . . note1: your can create the rules through owa ( outlook web access ) . rules created through owa are server side rules . your exchange server should have a owa access point . usually something like : https://owa.yourserverdomain.com
you can make folder of family and save all the contact inside it long press on one word is goes for speed dialling case
sure , just open a contact , and long press the number that you want to make as a default contact , then choose default contact ( actual words may differ according to the rom you are using and the contact application , but the way to do it , at least in the standard android is this )
new contacts are added to the internal contactslist at the bottom . they are displayed in the way you want : firstname/lastname or lastname/firstname . when you are called by the family 's house then the phonenumber is searched in the internal contactslist and returns the first match found . what you have to do is : make sure that the family 's house is the first contact te be found . you can not do this by changing it to another name , because that does not change the order of the internal contactslist . one way to do it is : export all your contacts and edit the . vcf file so that the family 's house is above all other contacts . erase the contacts in your phone and import the edited file . another way is to erase all your contacts and type them in by hand , but make sure the family 's house is before the other contacts with the same phonenumber . you must actually do this with all contacts that are not one person , but multiple persons ( i.e. . father and mother ) or a place ( such as the family 's house ) .
i solved this problem by renaming the contact that gets listed when i receive the call . in other words , one of my colleagues was listed each time i received a call from work instead of listing " work landline " , so i edited that colleague 's contact info to be named " work landline " and then i created a new contact for that person . this achieves exactly what fred described , but may take less work depending on your situation . the downside to this is that you may need a call in your log to determine which contact to edit . more explicitly , here is what i did ( note that you can do 3 and 4 from your phone instead of the web and then you do not need #5 ) : called my mobile phone from my work landline identified the contact that was displayed ( our office manager ) used google contacts website to change the name of my office manager to " work landline " used google contacts website to create a new contact with my office manager 's name . waited for my contacts to sync to my phone . as a final confirmation , i looked in my call log and saw that my office manager 's name had been replaced with " work landline "
i had the same problem with my device . a problem lied in the running apps that avoided the phone going to the standby mode ( for me it was e.g. my k-9 email client ) . therefore , i shut these apps down , connected my phone again to my laptop and it was ok .
go to samsung kies software , on top left of the window , click the menu > driver recovery . let it reinstall drivers after driver installation finished , go to your phone , settings> application > development , tick usb debugging mode . under usb debugging mode connect your phone to the pc with usb . it installs correctly ! disconnect from pc untick usb debugging mode connect again and it works ! courtesy forum . ausdroid .net- usb not working ( mtp restarting )
the hint from omar proved to be the best for me . i found out that a wallpaper app installed long extension files in my sd card and i happened to find a sub-folder named " cache " inside the folder carrying the app´s name . once i deleted it and reinserted the usb cable onto the phone , " voilá" , the pc recognized it again on mtp mode ! !
i have done a lot , including uninstalling nokia-related phone apps , switching to debug mode and usb mass storage mode for getting different drivers . the 18 mb exe located in samsung\kies\usb driver extracts many folders including . inf , but none is for mtp driver . the driver reinstalling option from kies also does not help . until i switch back to the default home screen , not launcherpro , not helauncher , but twlauncher , i get the ' mtp application ' screen on phone showing ' connected ' immediately . if this screen does not come up , it is impossible . so my final piece of advice is to restore your phone to factory setting and see if it is a problem related to what you have in internal sd . ( external sd removed of course )
first back up your data , all of it , internal and external sd memory . then connect your phone to your pc choosing the mass storage option ( first make it ask you before connect how to connect ) , then walk through all of your applications checking for any folder named cache or anything similar , then delete whatever is in it . if you came across any other kind of file that is cache or related to cache , delete it . this issue happens because some , most of them actually , cache files have a very long extension , and that prevents the mtp connection establishment . for me , i tried this in two ways , the first one , i formated my sd memory , both internal and external , and that did not pay off , then i tried the method i mentioned above and it worked , if it did not please reply telling so .
found the problem to be like one of the guys said in another thread . . . it was the external sd having most likely unrecognized characters ( at least to samsung kies ) or characters that are too long . . . i removed the external sd and ran kies and its working . . . might not be very useful to do it this way but i only needed it to update sw and manage contacts so its find : )
no need for any backup or any formatting your sd cards . all you need to do is just connect your phone , when it says failed go to device manager , uninstall it from there . unplug your phone , go to kies , open tools > install drivers . after installation plug your phone . . only tested on windows 7 x64 ultimate .
resolved my galaxy s connection problem on winxp 32bit by install this microsoft_user-mode_driver_framework_install-v1.0-winxp . exe edit : i think this has been replaced by the wdf . http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/en/details.aspx?displaylang=enfamilyid=36a2630f-5d56-43b5-b996-7633f2ec14ff
try updating your windows media player to latest version .
uninstall kies and all drivers , then reboot . download and install the appropriate drivers from this xda post . download and install kies mini from samsung . com ( support at the top , then just select your phone model and go to software ) . connect your phone !
i guess the easiest way is using an app like pocket ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . pocket accepts input from all kind of apps via the " share " menu ; i e.g. use it with my rss reader , twitter apps , browser , and more . so far for the " android end": even before the buffer starts filling , press " share " , select " pocket " , done . now for your pc , pocket offers addon for several browsers . for me , that is firefox , and it is addon works like a charm : i have got a small icon next to my url bar , which opens a ( paged ) list of saved entries which even offers a search/filter function – so it is easy to pick the wanted entry ( here : youtube url ) and watch the movie . the " share process " on your android device works in the background ( gives you status information via " toast messages" ) , so it does not disturb you in whatever you are doing . as a side effect ( you might already have taken that from my above description ) you can do the same with a lot of other stuff you want to " consume later " – as long as it provides an url : tweets , web pages , rss feeds , probably also podcasts and more . and if you decide to check some of the stuff while on the road , pocket offers a reader for that as well ( included with the app ) .
even if it might only cover a part of your question : do not let you scare by those " virus " marketing bluff . there is no such thing as a virus on android , and hardly will be . sure some companies want to sell you their " anti virus product " . but if you take a deeper look at what it really does ( apart from the marketing buzzwords ) , none of them seems to really deal with viruses ( how should they , if there are none ? ) . so what is the thing behind it ? mixing of terms . today far to many people taking " virus " as the " master-term " including all kinds of malware : virii themselves , trojans , and other evil doers . the wikipedia article on the term " computer virus " starts right away with the most important fact : a computer virus is a computer program that can replicate itself and spread from one computer to another . ever heard of such a thing on android ? no , here the user has to explicitly install it , and agree to its requested permissions . so how should this spread itself ? ( malicious gossip has it these terms apply to the windows os and most of its payed programs : they replicate and spread from computer to computer via file sharing . . . ) . so wikipedia continues : the term " virus " is also commonly , but erroneously , used to refer to other types of malware , including but not limited to adware and spyware programs that do not have a reproductive ability . there you go : you do not have a virus .
uhhhh , that is not a virus ! who told you that ? : ) kworker is part of the linux kernel 's scheduler in which it manages the processes running and switching to it a la multitasking . that is normal behaviour of the kernel ! it exists on the desktop linux also , see this example to illustrate : the reason that it is " using about 80 % of the cpu " is that there is some apps running that are consuming a lot of cpu cycles . all in all , nothing to worry about .
while the logcat option recommended by ryan of course is a valid possibility , it is not the most user-friendly solution . i have got a better idea : ) apps started automatically after boot registered for a certain event , called BOOT_COMPLETED . to do so , they need to request this permission ( you find it under " more " on the playstore pages ) called " start after boot " ( or , with its technical name , BOOT_COMPLETED -- what a surprise ! ) . so to figure out which apps could potentially be in here , you can use a permission checker . there are many of them in the playstore , but i will mention only two of them to get you started : permissiondog 1 rl permissions 2 both let you browse your apps by permissions , and even try to indicate " potentially dangerous apps " -- nice side-effect in your case ; )
let me explain in brief the difference between the sim storage and the phone storage . later section will contain your solution . there are two types of storage options for contacts , messages etc . sim storage -the contacts which will be stored in the sim card of the service provider of your device is called sim stored contacts . advantages :- 1 ) you can have your contacts safely stored and is highly portable . even if tomorrow your phone crashes ( formatting etc . ) you will have your contacts with you and do not need to search for as when you place the sim in another device the contacts from the sim memory will be displayed easily . 2 ) your contacts will be safe and private because most applications have access to only the phone memory but not to the sim memory so some annoying apps cannot leak your contacts info to other third party 's disadvantages :- 1 ) as you know the sim card has very limited space so it cannot have more number of contacts to be stored . 2 ) bigger names cannot be saved as there are restrictions to store a name with a limited set of characters ( approximately 6 or 7 ) 3 ) if you lost the sim then you have lost all your contacts irrespective of the storage area where you stored . 4 ) cannot personalise the contacts stored in the sim ( adding pictures , date of birth , email id etc . ) 5 ) double display of contact numbers ( if you use what is app like messenger it will display double contacts list 1 with the sim card and 2 with the what is app contacts list ) phone storage -the contacts which are stored in the phone 's storage area and has a predefined space limit by the manufacturer are phone storage contacts . advantages :- 1 ) as the contacts storage area is more you can store more number of contacts when compared to the sim card . 2 ) personalise add / modify any details to your contacts . ( third party apps can add photos etc . to your contacts display . ) 3 ) no double display of contacts if you are using any messenger because all the details of one contact is displayed under a single name . 4 ) apps can check your contacts in phone memory and can update it with all the relevant information . disadvantages :- 1 ) as your contacts are being stored on the phone memory your contacts will not be portable because if tomorrow your phone crashes/ modified /updated then you loose all the contacts because the complete phone memory will be wiped out . 2 ) you will lose security over your contacts as most applications have access to the phone memory and will eventually leak the data to their server 's now coming to the answer you can simply combine your facebook contacts with all the details like photos by step 1 :-first move all your contacts in phone memory step 2 -under the display option disable view contacts from sim ( in order to avoid duplicate from sim card ) . step 3 -next as you have your contacts on phone you can simply synchronize your contacts with your facebook mobile application . step 4 ( not necessary but good to follow ) -after a complete synchronize restart your device and then you can see the pictures of the user from the relevant app 's you use .
upload all of your sim contacts to gmail contacts with email addresses of contacts . then select the facebook account from the accounts and choose to sync to existing contacts . it is currently working on my galaxy note 2 .
its the stock phone dialer app . included packages com . qualcomm . qcrilmsgtunnel sim toolkit phone/messaging storage phone if you have enabled ' fast dormancy ' on a device it may cause a spike in activity / battery use for this process , it appears to be a confilict with this option .
android will always use wifi once it is connected . you just have to disable mobile data . to do so go to Settings &rarr ; Mobile network settings and uncheck Data enabled .
to manually start and stop internet : go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and networks -&gt; Mobile networks and disable Mobile data . this will stop internet connection through mobile network . enable this to start internet again . to stop it permanently : some application may start internet automatically , so to prevent accidental internet consumption , create a new dummy Access Point Name in Mobile networks section and select that apn . so from next time your whenever you or any application try to connect to internet though mobile network it will try to connect though that dummy access point and internet will not start . internet will only work when you connect to wifi .
yes nova prime can organize in your drawer .
this is not a difficult thing to do . you just need to use a 3rd party launcher which is highly customizable . like nova or apex launcher . you could also give " aviate launcher " by yahoo a go which automatically makes a few " categories " as your home screens . but it is nothing like the usual launcher we use so liking it or not will be upto you .
it depends on the launcher . most stock launchers will not , but i know nova launcher ( only prime version ) has folders in the app drawer . it is all manually done , though . other launchers , which i can not name right now , can probably organize it for you .
the publisher of this app may have changed their package name when updating the app . usually , apps have the same package name for its entire lifetime , which is how the phone knows to update a current app instead of installing a new one . if this is the case , you should uninstall the old app . the quickest ( and easiest ) fix is to uninstall both and reinstall the latest version . provided the app 's package name does not change again during the next update , this should solve your issue .
i have no experience with this specific app , however here 's my two cents on the second half of your question . the android security model is very well thought out . android runs on the linux kernel ( a modified version ) and sandboxes every app through a variety of measures , including running each under a different user account . the biggest legitimate threat you have is installing malicious apps . most likely these will be trojans that ask for reasonable permissions ( reading your sd card , communicating with the network ) and use them for nefarious purposes . if i remember correctly , the malware prevention portion of avg works by scanning apps before you install them , much like desktop virus scans work . this is a reasonable way of protecting you , malicious apps can be added to a database and you are warned if anything you download ( from either the internet or the market ) is known to be bad . the only catch is that google usually removes illegal and malicious app from the play store within a few days of it becoming available . ( i have nothing but anecdotal evidence to back that claim up though ) so if you are installing a lot of apps from sources other than the play store , or you do not trust google to quickly catch malicious apps , installing an anti-virus is probably a good bet .
truth is , scanning consumes cpu cycles , which in turn consumes battery juice . . . also , if there is nothing to worry about , what are these av apps doing ? scanning with an empty database ? that is why it should be avoided at all costs and ignore the so-called anti-virus products as that is fear-mongering into scaring you psychologically and likely , end up " paying for their product " so that you had feel ' safer ' and lulling you into a false sense of security ! ultimately it boils down to a bit of common-sense and double-check on the reviews and weigh it up carefully , users are not likely to bother reading what sort of permissions there are , the reviews , and so on , especially , from countries where buying an app is impossible due to legalities and restrictions within that country 's jurisdiction and laws ! in relation to permissions , that is why developers post explicitly on the overview page on the play store , what sort of permissions there are and explain it , around the top of the page , due to the fact end-users themselves are not bothering to click on the ' permissions ' tab page ! henceforth , for some users , who do not want to buy , they ultimately end up being the victim and also for users from these countries , which end up resorting to downloading from unknown and dodgy websites , so do not be downloading from dodgy warez websites either ! pro-tip if you happen to be in one of those countries or that you do not want to buy , email the developer of the app personally and ask them if some sort of agreement can be made , it can be done , perhaps by using paypal or similar . . . developers are not " out to get you " , in fact , they are friendly ! : ) yes to be blunt , android apps can easily , be modified by someone who has knowledge of the code , due to their nature , and quite likely , to have some malicious code ( read not virus . . but a trojan ! ) that fools the user , into thinking the app is " all-good " when in fact behind the scenes , it is sending out some logs/emails etc . . . that is often the reason why there should be a firewall in place to block unknown apps for a few days and monitor it . the sad truth , is , no-one gives a damn or care about that and end up posting " why is my phone bill so high ? " or " why is my battery getting sucked down very quickly ? " it is those clues that are the dead-giveaway of something quirky going on and should set off alarm bells in the head as in " oh , that is funny , ever since i installed x app , this started appearing " but are the end-users going to care . . and carry on in denial . . . ? that is where the so called anti-virus software vendors kick in . . . hence a vicious circle ensues . . . not to be an alarmist , remember this much : android is not equal to windows where viruses and malware are more commonly seen and prevalent !
anyone had this message when scaning settings ? : your phone settings are ok , no misconfigured settings were found . the scan confirms the integrity of the phone settings , the linux enviornment settings , linux core level settings , sytem process , network card ( nic ) , detect network problems and can identify jail broken devices and sim card replacement .
htc provided the froyo ( 2.2 ) update for my phone for my carrier which i have now installed and it is no longer a problem . furthermore , the messaging app in 2.2 is a lot better than 2.1 , so happy user all round here .
htc desire stock froyo rom . i do not see this behaviour . default message app shows the last messages by default . if i use the contact app ( tab with message conversations ) i see the more recent messages at the top . i can confirm that like kevin m on rare occasions the messaging app will show the earliest messages instead and i have to scroll to the bottom . that is a bug for sure , i have seen it only a couple of times though . . .
the only way to reduce this number is to remove contacts . now this could be setting apps like twitter and facebook to not sync contacts . but if you have pictures for everyone , it is going to increase the amount of storage as well .
some phones have an issue where they " think " a headset is plugged in when there is no headset . this causes the speaker and earpiece to not function . try using my app , soundabout , to alleviate this issue .
i too had a same problem on xeperia x8 . i guess the cause was i kept on downloading the android apps without restarting the mobile for months . after experiencing similar issue like you i have just restarted my mobile , did not revert any settings to default or upgrade os to latest . it solved ! ! .
generally , official over-the-air ( ota ) updates from google/carriers/manufacturers will not install on rooted devices , especially if you have changed something on the /system partition . the update usually checks if the device is in a given state , and will not proceed with installation if it detects tampering . if you want to accept the ota update , you will first need to bring the phone back to its original state . this means undoing whatever modifications you performed , and un-rooting it . after updating you should be able to re-root .
the info i am finding suggests that you need a 4-ring trrs connector to use a mic , and that the bundled sound recorder app will ignore this regardless and just use the internal mic , so you will need a different recording app .
to find out the actual size of the ring buffer , you can use $ adb logcat -g  to adjust the size of the ring buffer , you might try $ adb logcat -r &lt;kbytes&gt;  at least that is what some tutorials say . for more details , you might want to read " adb logcat " command options and log buffers . p.s. : i guess those settings ( manual adjusted ring buffer size ) will not survive a reboot -- just to consider .
if you are looking to change the default size for a log buffer , to persist between reboots , you can recompile the kernel with updated buffer sizes . the file containing log buffer definitions is : &lt;kernel&gt;/drivers/staging/android/logger.c  the versions i am looking at use a macro to define log buffers in that file : DEFINE_LOGGER_DEVICE(variable, name, size)  there will likely be a number of loggers ; " main " is usually the one you are looking for .
if you have not tried this yet , i think you should try syncing your device . to sync the device , you tap on the settings button on the top right and select sync .
from the sony ericsson website , the live view specs page has no mention of a compass , gyroscope , accelerometer or similar . it does not mention anything about speakers either but does mention controlling phone calls and music playback on your phone , which would suggest its not designed to make noise itself but to control the music/sound on a phone ( or other compatible device ) that it is connected to . the compatible phones page ( other brands ) lists a number of htc phones , but not the sensation . it does however say : compatible with most other brands on android 2.0 and up that are equipped with bluetooth™ 2.1 . according to htc 's specs page for the sensation it has bluetooth v3.0 compatibility , so it is likely that it will work with the live view .
in s4 , eye movements are tracked by front camera . in this principle , the persons eye focused within the front cam is taken into consideration . ( this doesnt works when there is no light or dim light ) . this works well based on the viewing angle ( around 45degree or something ) of persons eye and device front camera . this makes the possibility of detecting , one persons eye . so the play/pause depends on the single user not the multiple people . this makes sense when there is lot of crowd behind the user who is watching the video .
screendim . apk is what you want .
you can use the itravelfree app to save wikitravel pages and view them offline .
thanks for suggesting itravelfree , that is my first choice . i stumbled upon a lower tech solution that might appeal some people : oxygen guide which is a free mobile friendly dump of the wikitravel website .
.Trash-1000 is a metafolder like windows 's recycle bin , normally created by ubuntu ( and perhaps other linux variants ) . have you deleted anything on your sd card from your pc ? that would explain it . you can safely delete it . see also : http://superuser.com/questions/169980/what-is-trash-and-trash-1000
you can spell out words with the voice input , but it puts spaces between each letter . i can not see there being a feature to support this as saying your password out loud would defeat the point of having a password . now if you follow the " pass-phrase " model , where your password is something like " i walk on the beach to relax " , then it may work . but again , i do not think it would be a good idea to say your password out loud anyway .
have you tried http://beta.swype.com/ ? you need to register with an email address to get a link to download the swype installer .
swype uses a " closed " beta system to distribute its app rather than using the market . you can register for the beta and get a download link for their installer by simply visiting the swype website . disclaimer : i have no idea if the wildfire is " officially " supported , but qvga screen support is noted for v3.0 . the forum thread you linked to in your question is about 5 months old , and qvga was not supported at that time .
go to new message , put your finger on text input box and hold , it'll bring up ' edit text ' , choose ' input method ' then ' swype ' .
swype developers pulled the app from the market in favour of deals with manufacturers and networks to have the app pre-installed on phones . so the only way to obtain it is to find a copy of the app apk file and manually install it . note that there are different versions of the apk depending on the screen resolution ( and possibly other factors ) of the phone .
as suggested here : go to the phone application on your phone and enter the following : *#*#2663#*#*  it will take you to the touch screen version screen . click on the " touch key fw update " button on that screen .
go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
there is chance to experience this kind of back light turned of is due to proxy sensor got dusted . firstly please check the proxy sensor is clean or it is not covered with your dusted phone cover , etc .
it turns out that by avoiding touching it with her cheek she was turning the phone a bit and moving the proximity/light sensor away from her ear , which turned the screen on and was causing the hangups . when she presses the speaker firmly against her ear the screen locks like it is supposed to .
try screebl - it makes use of the internal sensor to determine whether the phone 's vertical and turns the screen on/off during a call according to the options specified .
in android development there are different logging levels . for example , there is Log.v for verbose , Log.e for level error , Log.w for level warn . all these are visible in logcat during development . then there is Log.wtf which is like Log.e except it has level assert which may actually terminate the program depending on the system . ideally , this should never happen in your app . sidenote : wtf stands for " what a terrible failure " . android docs on this : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/util/log.html
unfortunately , offline voice recognition is only available for devices running android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) and above - anything below that will not receive support . there is , however , another hidden requirement - your device must have a sufficient amount of ram in order to be able to download the offline voice recognition files from google . my incredible s is running 4.2.2 and with 572 mbs of ram i do not see the option . should you receive an upgrade to 4.1+ ( by root or other means ) , you may go to Language and Input in settings and select Download offline speech recognition under Voice Search .
.odt stands for " opendocument text " , a format primarily used with openoffice and its derivates ( staroffice , libreoffice , neooffice ) , but also supported ( at least via filters ) by other office suits , even microsoft 's . there are several viewers available for android , but unfortunately no ( free or cheap ) editors – though the libreoffice team is working on an android version for over a year already . you will find a list of office suites for android in my german overview office-pakete und text-editoren ( after all , for the list you do not need to know the language ) . i also marked those ( partly ) supporting opendocument formats , watch out for the keywords " openoffice " , " libreoffice " , and " opendocument " . i have not tested them , but it seems there is one supporting reading and writing of opendocument formats : office 2012: textmaker mobile ( for texts ) , with separate apps for calc and presentation . each of the apps is about usd 9 , so they do not come cheap ( compared to other android apps ) . coffice only supports reading those documents , but comes for free , same applies to opendocument reader .
textmaker allows you to open and edit . odt files and does a great job of it . i paid $5 . . odt is the open document text format which is an open international standard , there are many other desktop programs that support this format that are not derived from openoffice such as calligra words , abiword , kingsoft office etc .
the simplest method is to use the email conversation option from within a conversation . tap the overflow menu ( 3 dots ) , the more > email conversation . that brings up a popup allowing you to either attach media files or send the chat without the media files . there is also whatsapp toolbox which has similar functionality but requires root access .
it appears this is a bug with the s3 phone . apk . the xda thread does not have a solution , but there are some things to try . . . i just do not know if they will actually fix the issue . you could try installing a replacement dialer . if you are rooted , you could try finding an alternative phone . apk ( perhaps from the s2 ) . finally , a custom rom built on aosp ( like cyanogenmod ) may not have this issue .
the x10 is distributed in two varieties for different regions of the world , and they are internally referred to as the x10a and the x10i by sony ericsson . strictly speaking , x10 is just a general term for the hardware of either of the x10 phones , so there is no " difference " since an x10a is an x10 . as for the difference between the x10a and the x10i , you can find a good explanation on the wikipedia page . essentially , the x10a is sold in south america and the x10i is sold in asia and europe . both phones are sold in the us and australia , but on different carriers . for instance , in the us , at and t carries the x10a and t-mobile carries the x10i . because they are targeted at different regions/carriers , they support slightly different frequency bands . the rest of the hardware is the same .
languages support i guess , plus the build number targets the specific si numbers found underneath the battery hence the differences between them , however minor they may be , to target the region itself .
the google now option for note to self might work for you . . . it does not do a voice memo , but it will let you leave notes to yourself .
i see your problem on chrome for android . looking at the stylesheet ( css ) of the page on firefox browser for pc , i see that the background color of the page is red . i can not be sure with chrome for android , but it could be that there is a margin at the right and bottom side , and the application did not take up that space . that is why you see red .
the problem if i put my still finger on the screen , the " cursor " will shake vigorously can be caused by the power supply . touchscreen sensors seem to be very sensitive to power supply ripple . it is easy to check ; unplug the power cable ( on a phone this is usually also the usb cable ) so that you are running from battery , and see if the problem goes away . be sure your wall charger has enough power ( check the output current against the phone/tablet spec ) .
to answer you questions : could this be caused by the screen protector ? possibly . take the screen protector off and see if the problem persists . my screen protector does not affect the functioning of my screen at all . this is going to depend on the particular screen protector ( i am sure there are cheap , bad ones ) and the particular phone ( they all have different screens and some have calibrations , some dont , some have screen sensitivity adjustment options , some do not ) . is there any noticeable benefit of using screen protector ? or are they just a waste of time and money ? yes there is a benefit , they protect the screen , and no they are not a waste of money . i have scratched/scuffed the hell out of my screen protector and all i had to do was remove it , and put a new one on and my phone was as good as new . had i not had a screen protector my phone would be unusable now , so for just a few dollars and no performance cost my phones screen is as pristine as the day i got the phone . that being said , my job and my lifestyle tend to put the phone through a lot of abuse ; o ) my recommendation : take the screen protector off and go from there . if that does not work and it is under warranty , bring it back . there are so many factors that can affect the touchscreen because it is the basis for all inputs and outputs of the device and troubleshooting can take a while . i would be surprised if it was the humidity or heat difference between indoor and out , but there are a number of different things that can change from indoor to out and if theres a bug , they may be affecting how your phone operates : gps , wifi , reception , auto-brightness sensor . this correlation could also be a coincidence . it could be a particular app that is not playing nice with android and your phones firmware . you will need to to systematically isolate the conditions that affect the problems with your screen and the ones that do not , but ultimately it could just turn out to be a bad unit .
screen protectors seem to have no effect on touchscreen sensitivity . i carry my phone in a small thick clear plastic bag . sometimes i take the phone out to operate it but more often i do not - and it works beautifully . the problem you have is more likely to do with parasitic capacitive coupling sneaking in from somewhere in your setup .
google maps navigation is currently available in the united states , canada , uk , ireland , austria , belgium , denmark , france , germany , italy , the netherlands , portugal , spain , and switzerland .
i have an unbranded german htc desire . it has google navigation installed by default ( iirc , it came with the froyo upgrade -- i do not remember seeing it in the preinstalled android 2.1 . ) .
you can also use your web browser from your computer and go to the my apps section of google play . here you can select the device you want to remove the app from , and click the trashcan icon next to it . this will uninstall the app from that device only . trashcan icon to uninstall an app from the selected device
yes , they have separate lists - you can uninstall from the tablet or phone without affecting the other device .
i had a chronic performance ( response ) problem with my phone . i suspected widgets as culprits and removed 5 widgets . after this , it works fast . so i would say/conclude that widgets hurt performance .
i share my experience and knowledge as an android developer : most widgets do not consume ( or use just a bit ) processor power when they are not visible , but some would consume even if your screen is off and phone is locked . it is based on what task the widget is considered to do , and how developer has written and optimized the code . as a general rule : more widgets would slow down your launcher ( desktop ) because your phone has to render ui of the widget every time it is shown to you . as i see , your phone is a low-end one and surely , it shows some lag when you add more widgets , but keep in mind that smartphones are made to do tasks , not to just scroll fast and be lag-free . so , if you really use those widgets , keep using them ! and one more thing , if your phone is running on android ics 4.0 or newer , you would not need any task manager or task killer . android itself best manages tasks and you should not worry about background tasks , as long as you have not installed any malicious app . killing background apps never improves speed on your phone or battery life .
with this permission an app can . . . read your imei/imsi ( to identify your device/sim ) , #2 in your list read your phone number ( from the sim ) which provider is used ( again , the sim ) see whether a call is active ( #3 ) and if so , phone number of the remote party ( #4 ) your #1 is simply an introductionary phrasing . with android 1.6 and before , this permission was required to detect whether there was a call being processed ( so a game or media player could pause ) . this is no longr the case since 2.0 ( basically even not with 1.6 , but due to a bug this permission was still automatically " injected " by the sdk ) . in newer versions , it is mostly used to . . . identify your device for target-ads ( so the ad provider could tell whether a certain ad was already shown to you ) rightfully by call-blockers and similar apps which need to determine the remote phone number for several statistics and other technical apps ( again , rightfully ) and well , in a way it gives someone the possibility to spy . some malware uses it ( in connection with other permissions ) to create a profile of you . i would say in most cases the dev is not interested in this , but it is rather the ad module requiring this permission . concerning this , please also see : what information does stock android send to google by default , and how do i opt-out ? -- which also covers the ad-modules stuff .
browsing around forums and sites i found out the following answers to my doubts . i am not completely satisfied but it helped understand more . every device 's power management depends on some suspend/resume policies that are implemented in the firmware controlling that particular device . this is very device dependent : how and when each device turns off ( suspends itself ) and wakes up ( resumes ) depends on the hw specifications , you have to read the datasheets to understand which particular registries must be manipulated to suspend/resume it . you can control this stuff via software in the drivers of the devices , inside of the kernel 's source code , by accessing some funcions in the form &lt;something&gt;_suspend and &lt;something&gt;_resume . e.g. from the source code of the kernel of the emulator " goldfish": in file drivers/video/goldfishfb.c ( the driver responsible for the frame buffer ) so the early_suspend writes a 1 in the register FB_SET_BLANK to turn off the screen , or a 0 to turn it back on . so it seems to me that a process in the application execution environment needs to access and corrupt the devices drivers to manipulate maliciously power management of a device .
power management is determined by governors which set the cpu clock speed according to use . each clock speed operates at a certain voltage and a lower voltage means less power . if you have root access you can change the governor and the allowed cpu clock speeds . also there is sleep state into which the cpu will enter when the screen is off and nothing is working in the background . there are probably battery-charging functions that can not be messed with , but everything else can be changed even the cpu and dsp voltages .
i guess this article was made for you : import/export/move sms messages from windows mobile to android . it mentions several tools to export your sms from winmo to an xml file , which then can be imported on your android device without involving 3rd party tools . it also links to more useful articles on this topic . edit : as the op commented , he was successfully using the piemaster .netguide mentioned on the page i originally linked . as suggested , i add it here in case the originally linked page is unreachable some day .
have you restarted your device since removing the app ? if you have simply deleted the . apk using root explorer then then it will not have performed the ' cleanup ' that normally happens when uninstalling an application . restarting your device should cause the app drawer to re-detect the installed apps and the icon should disappear . this answer ( relevant part quoted below ) explains a bit about what happens when uninstalling an app ' properly ' , this will not have happened if you have simply removed the apk file . when you uninstall a package , it also removes other data to do with that package : for example , the app 's own private data , its data on the sd card , your default preferences for that app . it also tells any other interested apps that you have removed the app , via an intent broadcast . other apps receiving that broadcast might take further action based on that : for example , a launcher ( home screen app ) would remove desktop shortcuts and widgets from that app , since they will not work any more . also , make sure you have checked /data/app as there may be another apk for google drive there if you have updated the app via the play store . if you remove the apk from here too ( if it exists ) then the icon should disappear . a reboot may still be required .
i am not sure what you think cyanogenmod is , but it is a custom rom . it replaces the whole os on your phone . you need to factory-reset when flashing it because the built-in apps and settings are ( or might be ) saved in a different format to stock android : if cyanogenmod tried to read the settings saved by stock android , it would go wrong . if all you want is to change track using your volume keys , you do not need cyanogenmod for that : just install a music player app that offers that feature .
hameno is right . although adb will appear to work if the phone is booted normally , it actually will not . you need to boot the phone into clockworkmod , then fire up adb , mount /system yourself ( something like mount -o rw /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system ) , and muck around with the filesystem .
try the app root explorer . it is the best file manager in my opinion and you can easily remount /system and copy files with it .
i do not know if cat is the best option to copy a file . why do not you try the cp command . i can imagine that cat reads the whole file into memory an if it is too big this error happens .
htc phones have an extra protection of the /system folder , rooting them is not enough to get write access there . you need to turn off that protection . this is most easily done with the revolutionary tool . follow the instructions closely on the site .
on my phone ( ics ) the apps seem to use less than 100% in total . these must be rounding errors : if you had three apps each using a third of the total , that would be 33.3 . . % for each one . android would round this to 33% , so the total would be 3*33%=99% .
this should get you started . please , carefully check your versions to make sure the files you use are intended for your phone .
when you initially set up two-factor authentication you should have been given a set of 10 single-use passwords and told to store them somewhere safely for use if the authenticator on your phone was unavailable . alternatively if you do not want to use one of them , log into your google account before the reset and turn on sms message authentication for two-factor . you can then use one of those methods to log back into your google account the first time after you reset your phone . once you are into your google account go through the normal method to reset up the google authenticator for 2-factor and when you get to the point that it shows you the qr code that you can scan from your phone to set up your account , print out or save the picture of that qr code ( obviously make sure you store this securely ) . if you ever reset your phone again , or want to set up the authenticator app on another device , you can just re-scan that same qr code again , it seems to work every time , years apart .
same here , i have used titanium backup to transfer my authenticator settings across 3 devices for multiple accounts and it has worked flawlessly . i only backed up the app 's data though - usually install the authenticator app from the play store then restore the data using tibu . so you could possibly explore the app 's data path and backup those files .
i use titanium backup a lot for when i switch roms ( which is almost every week at the moment ) , and it works flawlessly with restoring the google authenticator . never really looked into any other options though .
you can try few links i am giving you here and if you are really worried much about all your data , then go to data recovery specialist and get data recovered . http://computersaremylife.wordpress.com/2013/09/15/broken-android-touch-screen-cant-unlock-solution/ http://android-commander.en.lo4d.com/ http://www.fosshub.com/myphoneexplorer.html https://code.google.com/p/androidscreencast/ most of these required ' adb and usb connection ' enabled .
for doing the conversion on device itself , i would suggest searching the google play store for audio conversion apps . several results look like viable candidates : the file converter and convert audio , for example . the features to look for are downsampling , changing bitrate and frequency , conversion to more efficient formats like ogg , aic or flacc . i recommend trying each app yourself on one or two mp3 files to see if you get the results you want . play store 's 15-minute refund policy should give you enough time to figure out if the app is worth the price . with that said , i would highly recommend doing the conversion on your pc instead . first , by copying your mp3s from the phone to the pc you are making a backup . just in case something goes wrong during the conversion process , you will not lose the original file from your handset . second , there are a lot more choices in terms of software on windows/mac/linux for audio file manipulation ( especially the free and open-source variety , ) and may also be able to do this in batch ( i.e. . convert multiple files automatically . )
it is there all along ! open up the email app and press the menu button . go to view> folders you now need to tap the folder icon next to inbox and it will ' expand ' and display all the subfolders under it . this must be the icon and not the text . it wont work if you press the text so you must press the icon . i have to say this is pretty poor ui design , as it is not obvious to end users . i will try and add a screenshot when i next get the s3 .
you do not want to do that . from my understanding , flashing an older radio than the one you currently have installed is a sure fire way to brick your phone . besides , the latest radios are always better . and so long as you are sticking with ics , it is a very good idea to use the latest radio . like ce4 said , flash the radio recommended by whoever is making your rom- and never flash the same radio twice .
in the play store there is a ' installed ' tab which as the name implies is of currently installed applications . the ' all ' tab shows apps which have ever been installed on the device . if you do not want a application to show up in this list , then from the phone open play store , go into your my apps and on the all tab you can click the circular remove icon to the right of the app will remove it from your play account . this is what it should look like .
sometimes it takes a while until the play store syncs with what is installed and what is not . you just have to wait and i have not any method of making it sync faster .
go to settings &gt; accounts &gt; google , and click the synch all button at the bottom .
polaris office can open and edit word documents , and you can draw directly on the documents .
i think what you are looking for is usually called " freehand drawing " . i can not find any app that supports free hand drawing on word document . however , adobe reader for android supports freehand drawing annotation on pdf document . you can convert your word documents to pdf and use adobe reader to make your annotations . freehand annotation on an editable document like word generally makes little sense anyway , because it is not always obvious where the annotation should move to when the text is edited .
if the answer to my comment is no , then update kies , and try again . if the answer to my comment is yes , then try the following : place your phone manually into download mode , and attempt the update again . kill all kies processes using the task manager , and then open the program again . ensure your usb cable and usb port are working properly ( sometimes a weak connection can cause issues ) erase all the data on your android ( do a factory reset ) and try again ( i put this last , as you lose all your data , so should only be tried after you have tried everything else you can think of ) .
you need to combine all you vcard files into one . exact process depends on operating system of your computer . you can find some examples in http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/gmail/y2670pyopew
did you try setting manually the ip+dns , instead of relying on dhcp , as it does by default ? Wireless and Networks -&gt; Wi-Fi settings -&gt; [menu] -&gt; Advanced -&gt; Use static IP
are you using ipv6 on your router ? there was a question here just the other day , that identified an issue with android resolving an ipv4 address when it has an ipv6 address . here is the post i am referring to . if you can , set your router to use ipv4 ( for now ) .
yes , this is accomplished through the use of ' home replacement ' or ' launcher replacement ' apps . check out either ' adw . launcher ' or ' launcherpro ' . both are fantastic ( and free ) launcher apps that will not only make your launcher/home screens smoother , but also allow full customization , such as enabling screen rotation without sliding open the keyboard .
it is most likely an app that you installed unknowingly or under false assumptions . to find out which app it is will be the harder part . first you can look through your list of installed apps , to see if there is anything there you do not recognize . next if you installed all your apps yourself ( or they came preloaded ) start looking at apps which require network permissions ( as to serve ads i am assuming the app would need to have access to the internet ) , if any of these apps look at all malicious un-install them . once you have found the offending app you can just reinstall the ones you took of by mistake . it also may be worth it to uninstall and reinstall the chrome browser just as a precaution .
i do not think there is a way android will work on itunes natively . i would suggest look at media players that sync with the itunes program itself i have not tried this but http://www.winamp.com has this feature for a while and is free . its also mac http://www.winamp.com/mac os x 10.6 and above http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/sync-your-itunes-library-to-android-with-winamp/ the media you talked about that is streaming will hopefully be synced into winamp through playlists , however if this does not work that is a whole other question and may be different from stream to stream . http://www.clementine-player.org/ is a good free opensource alternative for windows etc that syncs with android players quitewell and has many streaming features built in . if your itunes is stuck on a powerpc you might not have a choice but to backup your itunes library and restore it to another computer . so on your itunes on your old powerpc backup the library to some removable media to restore on your windows itunes http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1382?viewlocale=en_us there are also other methods here http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4527 it all depends on your setup and needs .
doubletwist lets you sync your phone 's music library with your music on your computer from itunes ( and windows media player as well , i believe ) either by plugging it into your computer 's usb port , or by syncing wirelessly over-the-air ( though the wireless feature costs a little bit ) . you can find it at http://www.doubletwist.com/ and in the android market at https://market.android.com/details?id=com.doubletwist.androidplayer . another option is to sync your collection wirelessly using google music , though you can only stream your music using it , or download it and play it only using the music app ( cannot be played by other media players on your phone ) . google music is free ( for up to something like 20,000 songs ) and it backs up all your music that you have on your computer ( or that you purchase from the android market ) both to your phone and your computer .
make sure that the sd card is mounted . if it was somehow unmounted this could happen . this option will be in settings > storage scroll down to sd card . make sure that it indicates that the sd card is mounted or at least does not say " insert sd card " . if it is mounted , unmount it , take it out , put it back in , and see if anything changes . if it is not recognized , then just take it out and put it back in . check back in with the details on how that goes .
you need to find a wifi dongle with a chipset the device supports . each chipset requires different drivers , so you will have to find one that is supported . there a discussion thread on the site you linked to about exactly this .
the line down the middle points to this being a problem with the screen 's backlight . the backlight illuminates the screen from behind : the screen itself is essentially a coloured filter , which you would not be able to see without a light source . from the excessive brightness i would say it is possible the backlight has been receiving too much voltage from the rest of the system . this could have been caused by a problem in the drivers for the screen . in normal use , they control the voltage to the backlight in order to make the screen brighter or dimmer , but it could be that in this case a bug made them supply too much voltage . the backlight is actually in two halves , which can be independently controlled ( but usually are not ) : the line down the middle appears if they are not quite receiving the same voltage . if the problem went away on its own , there is probably nothing to worry about , but there is a small risk that the extra voltage may have permanently damaged the backlight . normally i would expect a voltage regulator to turn it off completely before getting to dangerous levels , but only the manufacturer would know for sure . as it is still in warranty , you should check with them . ( they may also be interested to investigate this to avoid the problem happening again to anyone else . ) you say there is still a little whiteness around the edge of the screen when it is on but entirely black : this is normal for backlit lcd screens . it happens because the blackest black the screen can display does not quite manage to filter out all the light . the filtering is worst around the edge of the screen because that is where the light comes through at an angle ( and on some displays because the light leaks around the outside of the screen ) . you probably just did not notice it before because you were not looking for it .
simplecontact does it , and it is free .
the app recently added contacts by pikanji available from google play store is free and does just that : displays the contact list in your phone in reverse chronological order . so that the contact added recently comes at the top of the list . * this is useful when you can not find the contact just added in your address book of your phone . tapping contacts will open the contact detail view , allowing your to edit the contact information . ** * there might be cases that the order is changed , because of external modification to the contact list by , such as , synchronizing with gmail contact list . ** the appearance of the view depends on the phone .
this is useful if you want programmatic and cli access to your contacts in sorted order . if you are on android then most probably your phone contacts are synced with your google account 's contacts which you can access using google contacts . now , using the google command line tools you can return contacts in order of filing if no other sort method is set . for example , use the following command to get all contacts in a text file in recently added order : google contacts list ".*" &gt; output.txt  cheers .
i suppose it might vary by carrier , but i only see options to sort by first or last name . ( motorola droid , unrooted , android 2.2.1 ) i also do not see any apps in the market that would display contacts sorted by date added . i am not even sure " date added " is captured . if you are syncing with google contacts you might be able to kludge something together by applying a group to all of you existing contacts ( "old contacts " ? ) then , whenever you review your contacts anyone without such a label is , by definition , recently added . it is , as i said , kludgy . i do not see any other way to do it .
was looking for something similar . looks like this might do the trick , $1 though . . . recent contacts
lg promises but fails to deliver , samsung comes up with the updates pretty quick . tries to cover all phones that might show an improvement with new version .
buy a nexus s device directly from google . they will be the fastest at updating to the latest firmware . and they will always ship with stock android . everyone else is way behind . most are behind because they add customizations to android and have to make their changes , then they have to go through the google approval process . not to mention then having to go through the carriers testing process for deployment .
try lsusb ( lsusb lowercase ) in ubuntu , if you see your phone id ( 04e8 ) in the list , you have to add to the /etc/udev/rules . d/53-android . rules the following line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="04e8", MODE="0666" 
is some kind of mtpfs installed on ubuntu ? if not , it will not recognize your phone 's storage . you will also need the udev rule @lenik talked about ( see this tutorial ) . however , if as @lenik mentioned your phone is not seen by lsusb it is most likely some kind of hardware problem with the phone itself .
if you have installed the kernel mod for " fast usb charging " it will not be able to connect as long as that feature is enabled . you do not mention being rooted , but that is a side effect of the fast charging .
make sure you have usb debugging enabled in settings > applications > development . also you might want to try wireless adb - i use it all the time for debugging and find it so much easier than using cables . roms like cyanogen support ADB over network out-of-th-box . for stock roms there are apps like wifi adb .
it turned out it was a faulty usb port on the phone . i have since purchased a new phone and everything works as expected on the new one .
a computer 's usb port does not supply enough current to charge your tablet . the tablet takes roughly 1a or 1,000ma to charge , a desktop 's usb port only puts out about 500ma . some laptops just can not provide the specified 500ma and will not charge it at all . ymmv you can charge it though , only very slowly , and the tablet has to be completely turned off .
i use go launcher pro . there in the running tab it shows clock . may be he stock launcher application hides running system processes from showing .
you may try checking the settings -> applications -> development -> stay awake checkbox . note a caveat mentioned in the android manual : " don’t use this setting with a static image on the phone for long periods of time , or the screen may be marked with that image . "
settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings . press the [ menu/options ] button , and select advanced now choose in the wi-fi sleep policy : never keep in mind that your battery is going to drain faster ( because the wifi will never be turned off unless you manually do it ) , and is easy to forget that you changed the sleep policy .
this is definitely an ugly mixup , as shown in the update on verge . just a russian app with the same system id as samsung 's app . . . so no need for hysteria , not everything in russian spells a nuclear threat ; ) .
ive read a few things online this morning about the mtc app being malware or a virus , it does not show in your apps list however it was said that if it is a virus it might be piggy backing off something else installed on the phone , i had it come up on my phone but not sure how to remove it yet
i did some searching due to the other answer and found someone on xda claiming that this is a market/play bug , and you are seeing it because the market thinks one of your apps is actually that ojsc mobile app . even better , i found this just-published story on the verge : samsung has several pieces of software that it installs on it devices but that are not in the google play store ( for obvious reasons ) . however , every single android app has an app name that identifies it on the android system , in this case the " unique " name is com . seven . z7 , which identifies samsung 's email app . what appears to have happened is that russian developer ojsc mobile telesystems gave that unique identifier to its "мтс мобильная почта" app , and so these samsung devices were tricked into thinking it was an update to samsung 's email client . since google play allows for automatic updating of all apps , it was installed on many devices . i could not find the app in the play store anymore , so perhaps google has taken it down to resolve this . below is the original version of this post , which would still be applicable in more normal circumstances . if it is a system app for supporting cyrillic text , which is what it sounds like , it could hardly be called malware . crapware , perhaps , if you do not need it . if you do not need it , then no need to update ( unless you want to be rid of the notification , though in that case i recommend rooting and removing the app ) . no reason not to update either i would say &mdash ; you already have it on your device , so unless it is doing something nasty in the new version in particular then you have already been exposed to any dangers it may contain :p . of course , updating will require more space on your device unless you are rooted and can entirely replace the original version with the update ( normally the system keeps all original versions of system apps ) .
from what i have read on xda-developers , it seems to be a russian telefoon company who pushed a update wrongfully to all ( or a big group of ) samsung s2 users . since the update isnt made for phones made cyrillic text , it could cause your phone to crash . so dont install it unless your absolutely sure you need it .
i found a fix . . . this is a piggy-back app attached via a file . go to your phone files , view your files as " list and details . " you should now see the date/times each file was created . delete all files two days before and after when you first noticed the mtc app requesting update . reboot phone and it will be gone from your market . i did this four days ago and so far no mtc app . i never choose auto update for any app due to this reason . hope this helps and good luck .
[ phone needs to be rooted ] in case you are interested in an app solution , try xposed installer and app settings . what is xposed installer ? xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . that is great because it means that modules can work for different versions and even roms without any changes ( as long as the original code was not changed too much ) . it is also easy to undo . as all changes are done in the memory , you just need to deactivate the module and reboot to get your original system back . there are many other advantages , but here is just one more : multiple modules can do changes to the same part of the system or app . with modified apks , you to decide for one . no way to combine them , unless the author builds multiple apks with different combinations . what are some of the things that app settings can change ? dpi : changes the dpi used by this app both when loading resources ( some might be dpi-specific ) and also when rendering them . font scale : scales the font up or down , similarly to the system-wide " font size " setting .
it looks like an update to acal has resolved my issues . so i still do not know how to troubleshoot , but it is working .
i am having similar issues on a kindle fire with icloud . one quirky workaround is to open settings | servers and disable your server ( s ) . then re-enable them . that seems to force an update . edit : a ) not sure about all calendars . b ) right , it is a workaround , not a fix . but it address your questions : " i can not figure out how much of this is acal , " likely most of it , acal being the one common element in both our observations . "*how much is my phone , *" less likely , for the same reason . "*and how much is bad data from my caldav server ( chandler hub ) *" ditto .
as mentioned in comments , i also have a nexus 4 ( 4.2.2 ) and it daydreams ok when charging ( usb to wall charger ) when set to sleep after 15 seconds . " daydreaming " is triggered when the device goes to sleep ( or when sleep mode would normally be triggered ) . it would seem that if the " stay awake " option is checked in " developer options " then sleep mode is never triggered and the device never daydreams . so , the solution is to uncheck the " stay awake " option . " daydream " is like a conditional stay-awake option . the screen does not switch off and for this reason a device can only be set to daydream when it is connected to a power source .
daydream does not trigger if phone is switched off by button .
i would assume less , as all formatting is built into the app , while using the web browser you would need to download the ' whole ' page including gmails ui etc
the app definitely uses less data than a browser , because it only loads the email 's contents , while the website loads a lot of stuff along with it . the app needs to download just the gmail content and some information about it ( sender , cc etc . ) . if you are worried about data limits , then go for the app . it is both faster and uses less data .
as far as i know the data consumption of gmail app will be less than that of browser . because all the styling info are built into the app itself , it only need to get the raw text data , which may be in the form of json or xml . but in case of browser it has to download styling info such as css and client side scripts such as javascript along with email content .
i have the same experience with wifi , i find leaving it on is much more convenient ( your phone will prioritize wifi over 3/4g , resulting in faster speeds and lower bills ) , and power consumption is negligible . the only time when turning off wifi conserve me some serious battery is back from my days with a sony p990i , which runs uiq3 . ah , old times . . .
if you have a dropbox account , you can use dropsync to select which folders you want to sync to the cloud . i am sure there are other solutions , but this is one thing you can consider .
for those who are looking for an answer to this question : you can enable adb from a zip file that you install through recovery . i modified superuser . zip from http://download.chainfire.eu/351/supersu/update-supersu-v1.65.zip what i did was i modified system/build.prop and added persist.service.adb.enable=1 at the bottom , i also added ro.setupwizard.mode=DISABLED to disable the setup wizard which gets annoying if you wipe or flash often . then i added a precompiled sqlite3 ( do not have a link , i got it from my company 's repo ) to system/bin and the line sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db "UPDATE global SET value=1 WHERE name='adb_enabled'" to system/etc/install-recovery.sh ( although some people say modifying settings.db is optional . ) unfortunately it seems adb still requires you to accept the rsa certificate until you unpack boot . img and modify /default . prop
it might be a call from google+ . see if the google+ app is installed . if it is , then disable/uninstall it .
that happened to my samsung wi-fi " not smartphone , just touch " . i live in jordan , and i received a call twice from an unknown number . it rang with no sound on the microphone and no sim card . it is really weird , but i think the most common factor is the samsung phone . it might be kind of an emergency call , or the company puts kind of tracking system to see if these devices are still in service .
i achieve on this using tasker . for the apps in the sd card i created a profile with the context events -> hardware -> card mounted and it loads all apps i want . for the apps in the phone i created a profile with the context events -> system -> device boot and it loads all apps i want . note : the first thing you must do before anything in both of this contexts is wait a few seconds . in the " card mounted " event is to let android load all the apps installed in the memory ( i am guessing ) and in the " device boot " is because after booting android is too busy doing important stuff ( i am quoting tasker guys ) .
remote wipe programs like plan b only work if your phone still has battery and still has a data connection through the internet to download the app , if you had pre-loaded a program like lookout then it would work without a data connection but would still need a phone network connection to receive an sms text message or something like that . if you have blocked your sim and/or blocked your imei then it is too late to use a remote wipe program as you do not have any way to get any kind of message to your phone any more , you need to do the wipe before getting anything blocked by your phone company . did you have any kind of unlock code ( pattern or number , or something like that ) ? if so that should stop the thief easily getting to any of the data on the phone itself , and if they enter the wrong code/pattern a number of times it totally locks the phone out , and you need to go online ( and log in with your google account ) to unlock it . they can apparently still get to data that is directly saved on your phone if they plug the phone into a pc that has the android developer tools on it and use the adb command , but even then some things like the central accounts database are encrypted to stop them getting your passwords . blocking the phone via imei will stop anyone else being able to use the phone on a phone network , it will not do any wiping or bricking at all . there is also your sd card , the thief can just pop that out of the phone and straight into a computer or another phone , nothing on there is protected , see this previous question for a discussion on what personally identifiable info might be on the sd card : is there any contact information on the sd card ?
if you have your sasmung account setup , you can track , lock and wipe your phone from the samsung website . this is the one : samsung phone locator but remember , this would need you to have setup the samsung account already .
i have never heard of android 1.4 , but it could exist . it could be a dev release or something but just was never widely used . go to your wireless carrier store and see what os the phones should be running . then make a purchase .
you could try entering *#*#4636#*#* into the phone 's dialer application . this should open up a menu with all kinds of data about the phone .
selected excerpts from the official android 4 platform highlights document : the biggest changes will be for phones upgrading from gingerbread to ice cream sandwich , rather than for tablets upgrading from honeycomb , as a lot of the new ui features were introduced in honeycomb . the ui change is a big difference and brings honeycomb 's recent apps button for easier access to multi-tasking to the main-line android platform along with the system bar that it sits on . the standard lock screen now has quick access to the camera and notifications , and there will be album art and controls for music playing in the music app on the lockscreen . when an incoming call arrives , users can now quickly respond by text message , without needing to pick up the call or unlock the device . improved text input and spell-checking on the standard android 4 keyboard android 4.0 introduces a powerful new voice input engine that offers a continuous " open microphone " experience and streaming voice recognition . to meet the needs of users with tiered or metered data plans , android 4.0 adds new controls for managing network data usage . enhanc [ ing ] the accessibility of android 4.0 for blind or visually impaired users . most important is a new explore-by-touch mode that lets users navigate without having to see the screen . a new people app that offers richer profile information , including a large profile picture , phone numbers , addresses and accounts , status updates , events , stream items , and a new button for connecting on integrated social networks . the user 's own contact information is stored in a new " me " profile , allowing easier sharing with apps and people . an updated calendar app brings together personal , work , school , and social agendas . a new visual voicemail features integrates incoming messages , voice transcriptions , and audio files from one or more providers . the camera app includes many new features . . . continuous focus , zero shutter lag exposure . . . stabilized image zoom . . . users can now take snapshots at full video resolution just by tapping the screen as video continues to record . . . built-in face detection locates faces in the frame and automatically sets focus . . . single-motion panorama mode . . . redesigned gallery app with photo editor live effects for transforming video instantly sync and manage google chrome bookmarks from all . . . accounts android beam for nfc-based sharing [ requires nfc hardware integrated into the device ] face unlock wi-fi direct lets users connect directly to nearby peer devices over wi-fi built-in support for connecting to bluetooth health device profile ( hdp ) devices . . . users can connect to wireless medical devices and sensors in hospitals , fitness centers , homes , and elsewhere also your manufacturer , asus , may have added or updated their own specific software , and some of the new features may only be available if your manufacturer has not customized/replaced the original android app .
you will need to download the app blueinput . bit of a pain but will allow you to use the keyboard .
i had done a bit of a research on this . there was a trick until a few months back , by linking the facebook account to yahoo account so that the contacts get merged . later it was possible to export the contact details from yahoo . but now even this method does not seem to work , as exporting the contacts will only export yahoo contacts and not the one merged from facebook . : (
if you update to the latest version of " google search " in the market , it includes a pencil icon next to each item in the search history , for this exact problem . tapping the pencil loads the search term into the search box , but does not initiate a search for it .
the anonym with the vague answer is correct , just not nearly complete . for keyboard-less phones ( like my n1 ) , the trackball or trackpad can be used to scroll down the list of suggestions , and that will enter them into the text field for editing . for most phones with a hardware keyboard like your droid , use the d-pad next to the keyboard to select the suggestion for editing ( some of them still retain a trackball or trackpad ) . once you have the correct entry in the search box , tap it to continue editing . btw , i just discovered this , and it is going to make my life a lot easier .
if your phone is rooted you can try volume+ .
yes , you can try an app like volume master free . there are quite a few that do this :- )
if you root your droid and install cyanogenmod there is something called dsp manager included which seems to do what you want .
dsp manager is by far the best option out there . or there is volume+ https://market.android.com/details?id=com.test.android.lvhhl=en
yes you can add the email adress from your gapps account via settings > accounts and synchronisation > add account then enter your credentials and you can access your accounts email , contacts and calendar without automatically sharing information from your private calendar with your colleagues . but you need to watch out which account you use creating new calendar entries from now on . after that you need to open your calendar application and press menu > calendar > select the calendars you want to see . if you do not want to see your work emails you can easily decide which items you want to synchronize with your device . merging the calendars is not really necessary since you can view many different calendars in the calendar application .
i know how to do it . . with " linux installer " software you can install chrooted debian . then i had to re-build my libpcap and wireshark on gtab because my overcome kernel did support mmapped packet ring buffer . i can give detailed instructions if anyone needs . . . oh , i forgot about x11 . . you will have to start x11 vncserver inside chrooted debian on your android , and then connect to 127.0.0.1 from your android with your favourite vnc client in order to access " x11" . . let 's call this approach x11.99_pre_alpha_8 ) )
i run tcpdump on a rooted galaxy tab and capture the output onto sd card . when i think i have captured what i want . i " adb pull " the capture file onto a linux box and view the output with wireshark .
as of now , there is no counterpart on mac for htc sync . you can however try missingsync for mac - which allows for syncing of contacts , calendars , notes , tasks etc . on mac
for data not including contacts , email , etc since they are already synced for you thru gmail . . . you could try dropbox or some other cloud service . dropbox would appear as a folder on your computer ( mac or windows ) , and dropbox would run as an app on your phone . so , whatever files/data you have in the folder on your computer would be accessible from your phone , and vice versa .
it is not recommended to even attempt to do syncing windows . android have a very different design than , say , an iphone ; android is designed to sync over the air with cloud services like google contact , gmail , google calendar , etc . in android , you should not need to tie your device with a computer . what you need is a wifi or 3g connection , and you do not need to worry about syncing .
if you want to sync media files , i suggest you to connect your device in storage mode or use dropbox . if you mean that you want to sync contacts , appointments and this kind of stuff , just migrate all that information to google contacts , calendar and others using ical and contacts on your mac . if you really want something like htc sync you have two options : install htc sync on a windows using bootcamp pay for missingsync for mac
i found one that does just this last week . check out http://www.youmail.com . it is an app you download , but can manage it from their website . you can record different greetings for different people ; family , business and the main reason i got it . . . . the number has been disconnected for people i really do not want to talk to ! i also have a msg just for blocked called ids , telling them i dont accept them and to unblock their number . and . . . it is free : )
google voice allows you to do this . you can make up to four different answering-recordings and specify who gets directed to which one , and that the called automatically gets directed to voicemail , without ringing your phone . you have to configure the settings at http://voice.google.com , but after that , the app will even give you a neat widget that transcribes your voicemails !
i have never heard of this - this is somewhat unheard of , block hidden numbers and load up a sound file and play it which defeats the purpose of a number being blocked , in pseudo-code , for the most part of call-blocking apps , it would be something like this : if incoming_number is on block_list send reject_call else allow  now , if what you are saying is this - to play a sound file , it would mean that the incoming blocked number would have the handset open in which android would notify there is an incoming call , and re-route the playing of the sound file to the speaker , technically that is quite a difficult thing to do ! but , there is an app to do something like what you are looking for - ' private stop ' - no one likes getting " private " or " hidden " number calls , you can use private stop to block nuisance callers , marketeers , stalkers , anyone that hides their number . private stop blocks the call and pushes the caller to your voice mail so you can decide if you want to communicate with the " hidden " caller or not
it is because apple has to look only over its iphone models , which are less in number . also ios is more efficient ( runs well on old hardware ) . and google also had claimed that kitkat will support low-on hardware devices well , and it does . but the problem with galaxy nexus is that texas instruments , its soc manufacturer has discontinued socs and probably even supporting them , so google had to discontinue software support for it , because the soc manufacturer has an important role in an android upgrade . it approves the software and also provides some essential drivers , and that was not obtained in the case of galaxy nexus , so it did not get an official update from google . if you are interested in running android 4.4 on your gnexus you can look to custom roms like cyanogenmod , omnirom , paranoid android etc . this will require you to unlock bootloader and root your phone .
the android dropbox app does not support automatic file syncing . there are two ways to do what you described . copy over the files to the sdcard than manually upload each file from the app . use an app like foldersync . you can pick a folder both on your phone and in you dropbox and the app will sync them .
what you need to connect a galaxy s4 to a tv is an mhl-to-hdmi adapter , like this one that i use . you connect the micro-usb bit to the phone , the big usb end to a charger ( the adapter needs power . this will also allow your phone to charge while you are using it like this ) , and the hdmi to the tv . audio will come out of the tv , or whatever it sends the audio to normally . if you select a different mhl adapter and it is not specifically advertised as being for a galaxy s3 or s4 , you will need an 11-to-5 pin adapter , like this one , to use it with your phone , as samsung uses a different connector for mhl than most other devices do .
you can connect your android device to your plasma television with an hdmi cable . ( though i would not suggest buying it from ebay . ) 1 sound should come from your television , i will bet . make sure the android hdmi adapter is compatible with your device first .
it all depends on trust . go to http://forum.xda-developers.com and search for your device . there are high chances your device will have a separate thread on rooting . read the entire discussion and try to root . just remember one thing , always backup before doing anything . the thread will , most probably , contain a guide to backup your factory image too .
looks like it is possible . have not done it myself , but this looks promising . it indicates that you need to be rooted and already have koush’s droid x bootstrap recovery installed , but from there it looks like a matter of simply applying the rom . zip file from recovery .
i ended up figuring it out , but it took a lot of research and time . here 's what i did , probably not exactly like this since it took me a few tries to get right : root your phone . download the koush bootstrapper/loader and install it onto your phone , via their site or the android market . go to team defuse 's website to download the fission 2.2 zip file . put this on your sd card somewhere . boot into koush , apply the bootloader patch , and then reboot into the bootloader . clear cache/data , mount /data and /system , clear cache/data again , install update , select zip file on sd card , once that is done , clear cache/data again , and then reboot . you should then boot into a fresh install of " vanilla " froyo android . no apps . no settings . and best of all , no motoblur ! . . . i think i got all that right . if i missed something , let me know .
flash the nf2 modem , i had the exact same use with no imei / baseband http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2649176 cp_n9005xxufnf2 . tar . md5 is the file you want
you can use appbrain . up right menu . press " more " -> " popular in . . . ( i am not sure translation ) " -> country example for poland http://www.appbrain.com/apps/country-poland/
short answer : as per the documentation , yes . long answer : your sony ericsson xperia x10 , uses the qualcomm atheros msm8255 product brief pdf for msm8255 snapdragon cpu processor , which in turn uses wlan 802.11b/g/n . as per the madwifi project page : the madwifi project is … . . . a team of volunteer developers working on linux kernel drivers for wireless lan devices with atheros chipsets . we currently provide three drivers , madwifi , ath5k and ath9k . . . . ath9k supports all currently available 802.11n chipsets from atheros . . . so , as far as we can read from their documentation , they provide support for all 802.11n chipsets , one of those included with the qualcomm atheros snapdragon wifi chipset . ps : this is purely based on the specifications , i can not guarantee with 100% certainty since i have not tested this support .
it just works , no need to wipe . you do not need to wipe , according to a blog post on cyanogenmod 's google plus channel : upgrading from cm10 to cm10.1 as you may have noticed , we started updating some devices from cm10 ( android 4.1 ) to 10.1 ( android 4.2 ) during the weekend . the upgrade process has been tested extensively for the older devices ( manta and mako did not have that problem since they started out with 10.1 ) , so you should be able to update directly without losing any data . the single application known not to work is the clock : our changes to 4.1 's clock to add the stopwatch and timer in cm10 are not compatible with google 's own implementation of those features in 4.2 ( which we are using in cm10.1 ) ; if your clock starts crashing after upgrading to 10.1 , simply go into the settings -> apps menu , choose clock from the all tab , and hit " clear data " .
i am using version 4.0.3 on a samsung galaxy s2 . to mount the internal storage and any installed sd card via the usb do the following : unplug usb cable . goto settings -> more . . . -> usb utilities -> connect storage to pc and follow the instructions .
that is how sms usually works . when you send a text to a group of people , only they should be able to that they got it . they will not be able to see who else got the text . . unless you were sending sms through google hangouts .
about the statement the quoted statement is just plain wrong . android ( or it is memory management component ) does not prevent any app from keeping a stable connection to any kind of network service ( e . g . xmpp ) . you only have to deal with fact that android will kill your process if it is under memory pressure . but the same manager that did kill your service ( ActivityManager ) will also restart your service once the low memory situation is resolved . your app simply has to reconnect then . as this will only happen when no activity from the app is in foreground , the user usually does not notice the reconnection , or he/she simply does not care , since the app is in background anyways . your symptoms obviously jabiru does reconnect . and i also think that jabiru does not disconnect intentionally . it is more likely that the data connection went down . the most probable reason for this is that the wifi went to sleep . but then the gsm connection should take over and we would only see * one disconnect after around 15 minutes . i think you should look in the android log to find out what happens around the time jabiru disconnects . the wifi sleep policy is one reason to look at , but then i wonder why jabiru is able to reconnect at all , since the wifi should be disabled until the device is woken up again .
i only could reset the phone . . cannot remove the encryption .
i had this issue but found older versions of youtube online (freewarelovers.com), downloaded the apk file through my phone browser and it installed . now it is working fine . i did have to take a gamble regarding which version to download but i used 2.3.4 . ( i used to have version 4.4 but could not find it online . )
no , there is not anything like that in qualcomm 's offerings .
install calendar app enable calendar sync select calendars to sync
unfortunately , i would say you probably have a hardware issue here . i have had two phones do similar things , one did not connect at all , the other would connect only for a moment before basically shutting the gps down . both of these ended up being hardware issues resulting in me returning the devices . my best advice would be to try multiple apps to test gps signal , ( i use gps status or tricorder ) , and if you get no gps reception from any of them , contact your manufacturer , or the people you purchased it from . usually resellers will refund or replace products that malfunction without provocation . if you do get signal with any of them or you get partial gps signal sometimes , i would still contact your reseller or manufacturer with the issues , while continuing to test it in different places alongside other ( android 4.0 , if possible ) devices .
it may well be the option chahk describes in his answer is not present on your device . i have noticed some devices coming without a " local account " . if that is your case , there is e.g. mylocalaccount creating one for you . for other contact tools , you might wish to take a look into my list ; )
when adding contacts to the phone via google 's built-in contacts app , it will give you a choice how to save the contact . while adding a new contact , tap the " google contact " to expand the drop-down for more choices on where to save it , and choose the option to store it only locally : keep in mind that various phone manufacturers such as samsung , htc , motorola , etc . load their own versions of some system apps , including the " contacts " app . your contacts app may look differently , and have this option elsewhere ( or may be completely missing it . )
you can go to App Drawer &gt; Select Phone &gt; Tap on the three dots &gt; Select "Import/Export" &gt; And then select "Export to storage" . this will back up all your contacts on your phone itself . you can later on import from this backup if needed . however , you need to do this manually every time you modify your contact list .
you have done great so far . now , write junk files again and encrypt the device over adb shell : /system/bin/vdc cryptfs enablecrypto inplace PASSWORD ( your device may need to be rooted for this ) now , feel free to wipe .
as i just wrote on the same question for another device 5 min ago : this is a quite frequent question , so you will find a lot of ansers in the related links section , and now some in the linked section of this page as well . i could not verify my search results , but basically there should be different approaches available for this device : using a dialer code though this option will not be available to you currently , since you cannot unlock your device , i will include this option for completeness : open your telephone app ( dialer ) dial *2767*3855# follow the instructions this is not a real phone call , but rather a " magic number " ( shortcut to system functions ) . via the system menu also currently unavailable to you : in menu mode select settings &rarr ; privacy &rarr ; factory data reset &rarr ; reset tablet using hardware keys only this probably is the only option left to you : turn your tab off press and hold the volume up button , and then briefly press the power button . use power up to move the cursor to the left , and power button to select . use the power up / power down buttons as cursors to move to the factory reset use the power up / power down buttons to scroll to " confirm " . last word : be aware that with a factory-reset all your manually installed apps and all your data on internal/phone memory are lost , so backup what you need before ! i guess you knew that , but just in case ; )
if you were able to unlock the device , you would go to Settings ~> Privacy ~> Factory Data Reset and follow instructions . done ! since you do not have access to os , press and hold " volume down + power " for 10 seconds . screen will appear with standard droid recovery icon . select it with volume down key and press volume up to enter . now , you are in recovery mode from where you can factory reset your device . depending on your device sub-model , if its not working , try " volume up + home + power " for 10 seconds . when something is displayed on screen , release power button while holding other ones . if this one is also not working , turn on device with power button and just after first display , press and hold " volume up + volume down " for 10 seconds .
basic caveat . it is likely ( and to be expected ) that a firmware ( or os ) upgrade will wipe any user data or settings . these settings are not easily translated / adjusted across such an update . however , most tools will give such a warning before you proceed . in more detail . . firmware update ( rom code ) a firmware update will normally cause all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications to be lost . this is because many applications and your online identity ( connection to e-store ) are usually firmware specific . exceptions : for only a minor update it may be possible to just replace the firmware , and not disrupt the higher layers . this is only advice for developers and the truly adventurous . your specific case : you are attempting to replace the telstra ( big australian telco ) firmware with ( possibly ) later firmware . this will likely not include any telstra specific applications , and you would need to re-register the phone ( upon completion ) . by then all data , settings , and applications would have been lost . firmware update ( android os ) an android update will normally attempt to retain all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications . but this is only true for minor update , as major changes will make your existing applications incompatible . for each application , the vendor may provide an update with support for the new version to convert ( or import ) any old data . exceptions : if you are attempting a major android update ( eg . from 3.2 to 4.0+ ) this will very likely not retain ( in any useful form ) any of your settings . your specific case : if you were using kies to update android from 4.0 to 4.0.4 ( or similar ) this should be as painless as ota ( over-the-air ) updates ( prompted on your phone ) . however , it is not clear from your description what type of ' firmware ' ( android or rom ) it is suggesting . note : i have not used kies , as it has no linux support . recommendation : look at syncing or backup tools , to save any user data ( phone numbers , messages , etc . ) to your pc . any applications will be more of a problem , but will still available ( in the online e-store ) to again download .
i do not know where you can find drivers for your specific device ; but for most devices ( of different manufacturers ) , koush 's universal adb driver does a good job on windows 7 and 8 as well . you can download them from the linked site , and find instructions there as well .
you can find usb drivers for the prestigio multipad pmp3370b ( aka prestigio multipad 7.0 ultra ) in the manufacturer website just click the download link for the . zip file corresponding to your model , as seen in the screenshot . at the time of this answer , the file name is PMP3370B_20121217_V1.0.8.zip , this file is ~224 mb size and it does contain usb drivers for windows 2000/xp/vista/7 ( 32-bit ) and windows vista/7 ( 64-bit ) , besides firmware update image file , upgrade manuals ( in english/russian , 32/64-bit ) and other tools . i can tell it because i downloaded it myself and looked inside .
propably not an easy and fast solution : if miui supports your phone , then install miui which is not like the many roms ( unstable , cluttered , for " freaks" ) . if it does not support your phone , you could still search for an unofficial version here or on xda-developers . you have the possibility to go into the dialer-settings and set a default country-prefix . if you stay in mexico you just set the default prefix to +52 and the incoming sms should have the +52 assigned . if your next stay is in krungthep mahanakhon ( =bangkok ) then you just set it to +66 . this works for me .
whenever you connect your nook in usb mode your usb storage from nook gets unmounted and mounts in your computer . after its unmounted the os can no longer find your screensaver . that is why android does not want you to keep widgets in usb storage . similarly apps moved to usb storage no longer works while connected to your computer . if you move the screensaver to internal partition then it will work even when mounted to computer . for this your nook must be rooted .
i tried vlingo for a while on my evo and was not impressed . it did not seem to offer any value to me above that provided by the built-in voice actions . i uninstalled it after trying it for a couple of months .
yes - all android devices will work without a sim card , and can be connected to wifi for an internet connection . edit : just so people know , there is a setting in the build . prop file that determines whether or the not the device can be used without a sim or not . most of the time this is set to allow it , however in rare cases it may be disallowed .
some android devices , mostly older ones , and cdma2000 devices , will attempt to let you not use them without activation . usually the ' provision ' application has a secret code that can bypass the ' mandatory ' activation - e.g. , on the motorola droid 2 global it is upper left corner , upper right corner , lower right corner , lower left corner ( the lower corners being above the software buttons , not the absolute corner of the screen ) - do that and you can use the phone unactivated ( for battery life considerations , put the phone in airplane mode ) . newer devices , including the n4 , should just let you skip the activation altogether ; a lot of the google applications will continually beg for google credentials , however , if you do not log in .
you could try this fix those running the cynogen mod on their htc desire and experiencing problems with auto adjustment of brightness would be happy to hear that a fix has been developed to tackle it . if it does not work you could try another rom to determine if its a software or a hardware issue .
if you really want the brightness that low on your device , try an " overlay " dimmer which displays a dark layer over the screen to simulate darker brightness . to you it will be the same . try lux . it will let you pick how low to let the brightness goes ( just before flickering ) , then it will activate the overlay beyond that .
you can define the default number yourself : open the " contacts " / " people " app tap the contact to view it long-tap ( i.e. . tap-and-hold ) the number you want to make the default , a pop-up will open select " make default "
if your device talks about " low memory " , it is not evaluating the sd card -- but rather means internal memory . so it does not help to buy a bigger sd card : what you have to do is to free up internal storage . this is an issue coming up here frequently -- so for details please look at the solutions already present : low disk storage space more internal memory or less memory + sd card my internal storage capacity is running low , what can i do ? message memory full , incoming message rejected there are many more -- just follow the internal-storage tag and watch out . . .
two steps to speed the linux kernel boot : configure the linux kernel with a minimal set of device drivers , that is , only the drivers need to boot and load the root filesystem . every driver , filesystem , or subsystems that can be built as a module ( that you want in the kernel but not used during boot ) should be configured as a module rather than statically linked in . to see how much time is used in loading drivers during boot , you should modify the kernel command line with the option " initcall_debug " . this will cause timing information to be printed to the console for each initcall . initcalls are used to initialize statically linked kernel drivers and subsystems , and contribute a significant amount of time to the linux boot process . reconfiguring any unneeded drivers to loadable modules will subtract that initcall time from the kernel boot time . modify the kernel command line with the option " quiet " . this will disable most of the output of log messages to the console . of course this should only be done after you have a stable kernel . more techniques are here
i would expect it to have an impact on both . an odexed app is optimized , not just precompiled . android runs on a huge variety of hardware , so platform-specific optimizations could result in significant performance gains .
problem solved . i cleared the cache . to do this i restarted the phone into the bootloader by pressing and holding the power button and down volume key . i then selected recovery . from the next screen i selected wipe cache partition .
try going to the phones settings > account and sync , click on your email address and uncheck sync next to contacts . next go back to settings > applications > manage applications and select the " all " tab . scroll down and click on contacts storage . then click on clear data . finally go back to settings > accounts and sync . click on your email address and select the sync for contacts which will start to resync . give it a few . . . let me know if that helped .
ifconfig -a to list interfaces . ifconfig wlan0 hw ether ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff to set the mac address , replacing wlan0 with the interface you want to use , and the mac address with the one you want to spoof . not all drivers support changing the mac address though , so this may not work .
as superuser run : # netcfg  a list with the interfaces will appear . for example my interface was eth0 # ifconfig eth0 down # ifconfig eth0 hw ether your:new:mac # ifconfig eth0 up  note that not all drivers support this operation , and the android ifconfig do not support these commands . you will need another ifconfig executable , perhaps that from busybox will be suitable . after the reboot these changes are lost .
go to settings select security under credential storage select ' clear credentials '
if you are using a profile application to set your volumes in different situations , i guest most of them have the option of changing your screen timeout as well . in my case i am using setting profiles and i can add a new profile that does exactly that in two key press . in setting profiles , there is a widget to set profiles and you can even select a timer with the profiles you set , for instance , to enable the profile " no screen timeout " for the next 5 minutes .
tasker is a great app for this . it can change the screen timeout value to whatever you need depending on a phone state ( there are several from phone orientation to a specific app being active ) . for instance , i have it set to change the screen timeout value to 23 hours when it is in navigation mode . you can also define this task in tasker and create a widget for it .
an app called torque works with most of the elm327 bluetooth obdii devices . be careful though , some of the " cheap " ones do not work well with ford vehicles . i bought this one , and it works well , even with ford , and it was only ~$20 .
you can use adb to test phone functionality . adb tool can be obtained from android sdk . there are a number of test commands which you can use to test your phone . steps are as follows : cd to your adb directory . connect your phone to pc via usb . type the following command : ' adb devices ' ( without quotes ) you should see your android listed in the cli . you can also enter device shell : 'adb shell' (without quotes)  list sd card contents : 'ls -l' (regular unix file navigation commands)  if you can access your device shell , it is most likely that your motherboard is working fine . there are several commands to check as well :
first off , this almost certainly is nothing to do with your new google account . the twitter app has access to all the accounts on your phone with which it can suggest contacts . this means it probably looked at one or both of your personal imap accounts and used those to suggest contacts to you , rather than you ' empty ' google account . the question you linked to is probably correct although instead of your google email address the suggested contacts probably have one of your personal email accounts in their address book .
battery level estimation is usually performed by a special “fuel gauge” chip ; different phone models use different chips . e.g. , samsung gt-i8150 ( galaxy w ) , according to the kernel config , uses the maxim max17043 chip , which , according to its datasheet , does not have any inputs to measure the current — it has only a battery voltage sensor . according to the manufacturer 's description , this chip uses “a sophisticated li+ battery-modeling scheme , called modelgauge™ to track the battery’s relative state-of-charge ( soc ) continuously over a widely varying charge/discharge profile” . some information is available in the datasheet , but details of this “modelgauge” scheme do not seem to be publicly available . btw , the driver used for samsung galaxy w seems to apply some corrections to the charge level returned by the max17043 chip , so probably the estimation performed by the chip is not ideal . other fuel gauge chips ( e . g . , max17047 ) measure both voltage and current , and sometimes also the battery temperature . such chips can probably provide a more precise estimation of the battery charge level . again , the datasheet does not provide all details of the used method . however , even if the fuel gauge chip used in a particular phone can measure the current , accessing that information from android might be impossible for several reasons : the chip might just use the current measurement internally and not expose it to the outside . this is not the case with max17047 — it has registers holding current measurement values , which can be read over the i2c bus . the kernel driver for the fuel gauge chip might not have code to expose the current measurement information to user applications . even if the kernel driver makes the current measurement information available ( e . g . , through some sysfs file ) , android does not have a standard api for such sensors — neither batterymanager nor sensor have anything appropriate for an electrical current sensor . therefore the currentwidget app that you have found may work only on some models for which the developer has information about accessing this nonstandard sensor .
that should be the correct approach . as you noted , time sync needs a source -- so setting up a ntp server on the pc will provide this source . now you need to have some ntp client on your android device . searching google play for " ntp " brings up two of them right on the first page : clocksync ( i use this one , and am quite happy with it ; still running it with the default ntp server configured -- but in your case , you will have to change this : as you can edit the time server used , this should be no issue ) , and ntpsync - time synchronization are two examples running in the background . if you prefer something permanently visible , atomic clock wallpaper seems to be a candidate . just follow the search link for more candidates : )
yes , as indicated on the user manual . i am currently using a sandisk class 4 32gb formatted with exfat , works just fine . stock rom , unrooted .
some parts of the sdk are the same between windows , linux , and mac , and some are not . the developer tools , such as adb , fastboot , and hprof , are native binaries so they are different for each os . the emulator too is different for each os . the android system images for the emulator are the same between the different host oses , so you do not need to download these again . the android.jar files containing the android framework library itself are also the same between the different host oses . it has to be this way because the jar files are compiled into your app . if you are not sure what to update , it is probably best to just start a fresh installation of adt . that way you are sure to end up with a working version , and there is no risk of failing to update something you should have , or mimatched versions . it might seem that you are wasting time by downloading some of the same things again , but at least you will be able to trust your tools . if you try and frankenstein your installation to save downloading , then even if you manage to do it right , you will suspect it is broken every time you have an unusual bug , and you will waste more time in the long run .
i have installed the application " barcode scanner " from here https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.zxing.client.android to install an application , i open the " barcode scanner " application and hold the phone up to the barcode . it scans and decodes it automatically and then gives me the option to " open brower " . i click on that and it eventually leads me to the android market when i am given the option to install the application .
if you are seeing a qr code on a web page that you are browsing with your phone , then generally there will also be a clickable link to the same place as the qr code points to . if you are seeing a qr code on a web page on your browser on another device and want to follow it using your phone , you can install any one of a number of barcode scanning apps and then capture it using your camera ; if the qr code encodes a market link , the scanner app should open it for you in the market . i recommend qr droid for qr decoding myself , it is a very flexible little app that has tons of extra features ( including generating your own qr codes that other phones can scan for things like contacts so you can easily share them , etc )
i am using aerosync to sync a folder over various devices , it works well and it is free and unlimited storage on any number of device but no cloud storage , it is having client for all platform
you can add your own private folders to dropbox , you do not have to use the Public folder . i use this for some syncs between work , home and phone .
i use sugarsync . similar to dropbox but without the poor security track record . the android client also handles automatic sync where dropbox does not . of course the windows clients do as well .
google docs actually would be a viable solution . you just need a way to sync local files to and from gdocs . readwriteweb reviewed three such apps . there are surely others .
i use smestorage . i actually use 2 storage clouds on it . my home webdav server and skydrive . my files physically reside on my home webdav server and on skydrive . i have a phone to skydrive folder sync setup through the smestorage app for some docs/files . smestorage has the ability to encrypt files uploaded to it and then decrypt on the fly from the client , which suits me . it uses aes-256 and does not store the private key so if you lose the key your stuffed but again this approach suits me .
i used to have the same issue a while ago . i was going through my facebook and i saw and advertisement for a battery saving app called battery doctor . i have tried all kinds of battery saving apps but none of them really did the job quite as well as i was hoping , so i decided to give this one a chance . i downloaded it and was surprised at how well it works . it not only has a unique 3-step charging system but goes through your apps and tells you what apps are draining your battery and gives you the option to close them within the app . it keeps a graph of how many minutes you save when using the app . it is super helpful and i think you should try downloading this app to see if it fixes your problem . the best part about it is the app is free . here is the link to the app
wakelock detector should show you if there is one ( or more ) apps keeping your phone awake overnight . you could also ( if you are rooted ) try betterbatterystats . it is a paid app but it can be found on xda if you want to try it out ( the thread was started by the author ) . i have included their message on why they make it available free on xda below . betterbatterystats is available on the android market for what i believe is a fair price . if you like my work and want to support me please fell free to show your gratitude by buying the app .
the stereo supports bluetooth hands-free but not bluetooth audio , which is used to stream music , so no , this is not possible . for more information see bluetooth profile on wikipedia and compare hands-free profile ( which the stereo supports ) and a2dp ( which it does not ) . theoretically , you could stream music through the hfp but the quality would be terrible , like listening to music in a phone call .
it sounds to me like alkido 1.1 was bundled on your device as a system app . to remove a system app , you need root . there are two ways to address this easily , i would prefer #1 myself . method 1 uninstall alkido 2.0 . install titanium backup . run titanium and wait for it to load your app list . go to the app list and long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " integrate with market " or similar . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the market , and clear the data for it . open the market , go to your apps , and update alkido . if that does not work or you do not want to bother keeping alkido as a system app : method 2 install titanium . run titanium , long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " uninstall " or similar . you should not need the " hack " version of uninstalling that it mentions , but you can try that if the regular uninstall does not work . alkido 2.0 will be unaffected if you did not uninstall it in method 1 .
mobo player . singlehandedly the best video player app on android . its the ' vlc ' of android . plays nearly every format flawlessly . download the app , click the button to download a 2mb codec pack ( so it can play different video formats ) and you are good to go . if you have any problem with the playback , just go into the settings and force software rendering . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.clov4r.android.nilfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5jbg92nhiuyw5kcm9pzc5uawwixq . .
is your card working ? can you put it back in your phone and access it ? if yes , do not " fix " it .
there is an app for this : screen stream . i use it and it works .
you may use join . me for this . the organizer installs the client on his/ her machine and rest everyone may join in through their web browser .
there is a nice little app by smart dog studio called remote control add on that will let your device act as a vnc server . you can then connect as many clients as you like using the vnc client of your choice ( i usually use android vnc viewer ) . frame rate is a little low , but definitely adequate for a presentation that does not involve video .
my android 1.6 phone has the following files in the /system/media/audio/ringtones directory . are any of these the one you want ? noises2 . ogg birdloop . ogg noises1 . ogg big_easy . ogg no_limits . ogg bentleydubs . ogg newplayer . ogg beatplucker . ogg world . ogg mildlyalarming . ogg veryalarmed . ogg mideviljaunt . ogg twirlaway . ogg loveflute . ogg thunderfoot . ogg loopylounge . ogg third_eye . ogg insertcoin . ogg terminated . ogg growl . ogg steppin_out . ogg glacial_groove . ogg springyjalopy . ogg gimme_mo_town . ogg sitarvssitar . ogg gameoverguitar . ogg shes_all_that . ogg funk_yall . ogg seville . ogg friendlyghost . ogg savannah . ogg ethershake . ogg romancingthetone . ogg eastern_sky . ogg road_trip . ogg dreamtheme . ogg ring_synth_04 . ogg curveball . ogg ring_synth_02 . ogg crazydream . ogg ring_digital_02 . ogg club_cubano . ogg ring_classic_02 . ogg champagne_edition . ogg revelation . ogg caribbeanice . ogg paradise_island . ogg calypso_steel . ogg organdub . ogg cairo . ogg noises3 . ogg bollywood . ogg
you could use a different sync tool , where you can configure which folders to be synced and which not . an example of such is foldersync , which also supports dropbox : foldersync ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) the first screenshot shows you some of the cloud services foldersync supports . entry #4 on the second reveals you can configure " folderpairs " , that is , which folder on your device should be synchronized with which folder in the cloud . this way you could simply let your /sdcard/DCIM folder ( which is where your photos go ) including its subdirectories synchronize , leaving everything else out .
is there a hard reset hole in which you can stick a paper clip ? if so , i would let the battery die , then charge it back up and press the hard reset button with a paper clip . that is how i got my old android tablet back to life last summer . i have since bought a nexus 7 , though , and i would highly recommend getting a newer android tablet because they have improved tremendously over the past few years .
one of first links in google . try it . http://www.tips4tab.com/how-to-restore-galaxy-tab-2-10-1-p5113-to-stock-android-4-0-4-ice-cream-sandwich-with-official-firmware-ueblh3/ in short : you need to download odin and firmware package . you boot to download mode , open odin on computer and connect your tablet to pc . you select the frimware donlowaded earlier and click start . if something fails then you can do again power+volume up .
if you have a working cwm or 2e recovery you can flash darky 's with it just fine from a stock rom . if you have a lagfix , particularly the ext2 oclf , be sure to undo it first . ( it appears darky 's uses the voodoo ext4 lagfix , so no need to disable voodoo beforehand . see is the voodoo lagfix compatible with darky&#39 ; s rom ? ) note that your data will be wiped unless you are already using darky 's , as per the xda thread .
i do not think that is possible . tibu syncs a local copy to dropbox . what you could do is : use / buy an external sd card ( 64gb or less ) go to System settings , open the application manager , and Move to SD card tibu this way , it does not take up internal phone memory . ( i.e. . tibu dumps its backup to the external sd card )
its most likely a vbr mp3 . as a dj we have seen this a lot , the vbr is never detected correctly as the length of the playback is not proportional to the length of the file . with dj software we have to prescan the files to determine their real length , obviously your application is only expecting fbr files and not vbr . you could put it through something like audacity on a pc and convert it to fixed bit rate . but that is you only real solution , i think .
answering the question i have been searching for a solution to this issue since i have seen your question , probably when you have set a bounty . till now i have found tons of unhappy users complaining about the same issue , no pause/resume during a video record . i have read just about every first fifty results presented for every search that i came up with on google , been into google market , reference forums , etc . . . sigh ! the only answer that i have found relevant to be mentioned was provided by ryan conrad concerning this topic , for the same phone . ( no need for transcription to this answer ) since this is being requested a few years ( at least since 2011 that users are complaining at google forums ) , and since the functionality to pause while recording needs system support due to the api and hardware being used that must provide such capabilities , software developers cannot go around this . some devices may be capable of dealing with the pause/resume feature , but that is unclear . i believe that you will just have to wait until manufacturers and developers can not stand the voice of the unhappy user anymore , and improve this issue . the android api currently does not provide the pause method this is a bit technical , but was solicited on the comments . the public class mediarecorder , being used since api level 1 , does not has the capability to pause , as one can observe from the mediarecorder state diagram : when recording , the api allows us to either use the reset() or stop() public methods : reset() -> restarts the mediarecorder to its idle state . stop() -> stops recording .
each app on android stores its data on internal storage by default , below the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; directory . due to the sandbox princip , except the app itself and root nobody has access to that if not explicitly defined otherwise by the developer ( e . g . skype currently has a serious security flaw giving everybody read/write access to all its data , including plain-text passwords ) . so no , you will not be able to get access to the database , which most likely is located in the /data/data/nl.sogeti.android.gpstracker/databases/ directory without having root access to your device . as for your second question : you are assuming correctly . as you do not have access to the developers certificate ( for good reasons ) , you cannot " update " the original app with your modified version . you would have to uninstall and then re-install -- or giving your modified version a different package name . in both cases , you will not have access to the original apps data .
first , be sure that the contacts from your old phone were actually stored on your sim card . that is not the default for most android phones , which store contacts in the device storage , or online in your google account . get a sim card adapter . take the card out of your old phone . put the card in the adapter . put the card+adapter into your new phone . transfer the contacts from the card onto the phone 's memory . you can do this by editing the contacts one by one in the contacts app , or you can find an app to import contacts from the sim card in one operation . now the contacts are on your new phone , and you can replace the usual sim card in that phone . if your new phone is sim-locked to a different carrier , you can ask a friend and borrow their phone . alternativaly , you can buy a usb sim card reader . that way , when you have the sim card in the adapter , you can plug that into your pc and use the software that comes with the reader to save the contacts onto your pc . you can then import them into your new phone , or into your google account .
the green is a notification that you are still on a call .
that might depend on which android version your device it running . some devices additional support usb mass storage . also : there are some packages you might install/update on your ubuntu side , to support mtpfs ( see e.g. answers here and here ) . alternatively , you might wish to go the " adb way " ( this is how i do it on my ubuntu box ) . here you would need a basic adb installation ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) and adbfs ( see my answer here ) . in both cases , you can use graphical file managers as well as the command line to deal with your files .
normally mass storage mode was not supported by sony xperia l if it does not had any sdcard . so , you have to connect the xperia l with ubuntu in mtp mode to see its content . in ubuntu , an android device which was connected in mtp mode was not detected if it was pluggedin to any one of the usb 2.0 ports . for getting your device detected in ubuntu , you have to plugin the phone in usb 3.0 port . port with black tongue - usb 2.0 port port with blue tongue - usb 3.0 port tested in ubuntu 13.04 and 13.10 .
if /data appears empty , the app showing that most likely has no root access ( "root " in the sense of the privileged user , not the start of the file system ) . in order to browse that place , root is required . not all file explorers support this . for one , there are several specific " root explorers " around . i would rather recommend es file explorer , which i use for years : it offers a lot of features you will welcome after solving your issue – and yes , " root access " is one of them . provided your device is rooted . and yes : what you are looking for is /data/tombstones , where " core dumps " of crashes are stored .
used a needle to poke around gently at the top of the little tab inside the usb port and compressed air . it fixed it .
easy . with a very small flathead screwdriver bend the flag towards the screen very slightly in the charging port . this will fix it . i literally just did that .
have worked professionally in the phone refurbishment industry . i would suggest using ipa ( industrial purpose alcohol ) for cleaning followed by compressed air . do not under any circumstances blow air from your mouth onto any open device . this can caused minor water damage from the moistier on your breath or short circuit componants .
i was able to fix it just by blowing into the usb port . try it yourself before going into rooting and disassemble .
if you are familiar with such things , ifixit has a teardown report for the galaxy nexus , it is fairly easy to disassemble it to reach the micro usb port after step 7 and inspect it . i use isopropyl alcohol and q-tips for cleaning normally . i would however not suggest you try it if you have no experience with such stuff .
thank you for raising these questions . here is some information about aptoide that hope that is useful for you and stackexchange /android community : 1 . - malware is something that we take very seriously . currently , we have 3 different systems to detect the malware threads as they arrive to any aptoide-powered app store : - we run 3 different anti-virus in emulators in run-time - we have an in-house system of signatures to detect recurring threats - we have implemented a chain of trust based in the signature of the developer 2 . - the task of creating a safe environment to the end user is a moving target . we are working with several universities and research centres and in a recent article ( not yet published ) we compare well with the other app stores . we also proposed a european research project with 2 anti-virus companies and 3 universities / research centres to deal with this topic . there is a lot of work to be done and the feedback of the community is important . 3 . - f-droid is in fact very similar to aptoide . they are a fork of aptoide and they maintain all the concepts we developed , like multiple stores . they have a more centralised approach and a central signature which if of course different from our approach . 4 . - at aptoide we have the " trusted " stamp . if you see the trusted stamp in an app , we have 99.99% that the app does not contain a threat to the end-user . best , paulo trezentos ( aptoide co-founder )
if you are sure the keyboard is properly paired , have you tried using the excellent external keyboard helper pro ? i use it with a microsoft bluetooth keyboard , and it handles both switching to the external keyboard from the internal one ( and back ) when needed , but also little chores like nuking the caps lock key .
you can also a widget on your home screen to toggle between silent / vibrate / normal modes . too many to list . most popular ones work well .
it can be shortened ! you can silence your phone straight from the lockscreen by sliding from right to left . see this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otq-c7qjdyq#at=4m
personally i think that the easiest way ( apart from sliding right to left but thats not available on all phones ) to put the phone into silent mode is to hold down the power button for a short period , than select Silent mode .
holding the volume-down button on most android devices from the home screen will drop to silent mode .
it has to do with the contracts that carriers have with the manufacturers . they also have to do testing of the deployments , to make sure they " go off without a hitch " . if the updates fails for users , the carrier is the one that has to take the service call . they also have to do training for their customer services people on how to handle any update issues . besides deployments , they also need to test that the update does not compromise the network , or the device . let 's also not forget about the bloat ware that the carriers add to the releases . these are applications that the carrier may be getting paid to distribute , another way for them to make some money off the device that they are selling at a subsidized price . if you buy your phones outright , you will pay more up front for the device , but buying subsidized , you pay more for it with the higher contract fees . non-contract plans are cheaper per month , and every carrier offers them , you just have to ask for it . they do not advertise them because they make more money off the contracts .
i am no expert on intents but this is the best answer i can offer . . . there are intents that can enable the device admin status but since tasker is not yet a device admin i do not think your prompt will allow the user to enable this directly . the next best thing would be to have tasker open the device administration settings page with a popup that instructs them to enable it . in tasker , using the " settings dialog action " you can create an action that opens to the security settings page but the user would have to manually go to the next step to open the " device administror " menu . you can create a popup message directing what to do with the " alert/popup action " . if you want to go directly to the device administror menu you may be able to do that with the " misc/send intent action . " to find specific intent for the device admin menu you can try an app called inent interceptor . if you are able to identify the specific intent that opens that menu it is pretty straight forward from there .
if your phone is connected to the net , try to install any other launcher from the play store website , for example : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.adw.launcher wait the installation to finish on your phone , then press the home button . now you will able to uninstall then reinstall sl or any other launchers .
try to go to setting by any way . . . like : in some launch screens you can get the settings screen via : options-&gt;Device settings or Drag the task bar -&gt;Settings . and then change the Home screen settings to previous home screen . if these options not available , i think Factory Reset is the only option for you .
not all rfid systems are compatible with nfc . nfc uses an rf frequency of 13.56 mhz ( so-called hf ) , but there are other common rfid systems that use frequencies in the range of 100-150 khz ( so-called lf ) or 860-960 mhz ( so-called uhf ) . your key may belong to an lf or uhf system . another possibility is that your key is part of an hf system , but uses a command set or an rf modulation scheme that is not compatible with nfc .
go to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> sd card to see what apps are on the sd card . other things that might be on it include pictures and videos . there are not a lot of things that default to the sd card , but it depends on your device and software . the easiest way to find out what is there is just to look !
to see what is on your sd card , you can use an app like astro . or , you can hook your device to your usb port and enable mounting and look at with your computer 's file explorer . or pop the card into a card reader .
android has " partial " support for ipv6 , which basically means there is some code for it but it does not really work yet . check this google thread for more info .
no , as of late 2013 , even the newest android devices still do not support ipv6-only wifi networks . source : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=32630
updating this question to say that as of android 4.0 , ipv6 is fairly well supported . there are still no visual indicators that it is running/working , but devices pick up ipv6 addresses and try to use them by default .
if your phone will not turn on , i do not think installing drivers will help . and yet you say that the computer " sees " the phone . in my case i found that after successfully upgrading to 4.4 that my windows pc could no longer " see " my phone unless i went into storage and changed the usb settings to ptp . however , on my linux machine i can access all folders and storage . so if you have a linux machine or at least a live disk you may be able to access you internal storage that way . but if the phone is not turning on , i am not sure what you can do from that point . hope something in my ramblings helps . :- )
as said in my comment on the question itself : that settings page is the place to configure the default behaviour . in your described case , those settings define the screen to switch off after 30s of idle time ( i.e. . no touch event ) , plus activate the keyguard action ( i.e. . the lock pattern , pin , or password ) after additional 5 seconds ( so if you switch the screen back on within less than 5s after it switched off automatically , you do not have to unlock the device as it would not yet be locked ) . now why does the screen stay on for 20 minutes or more , though configured to switch off after 30s of idle time ? the solution is not always that obvious . apps with the appropriate permissions might override those default settings . a good example is a navigation app : one surely does not want to permanently touch the screen to keep it from switching off while navigating . another example might be an ebook reader prolonging the timeout . while a reboot might solve that issue once it happens ( in case a quick-fix is needed ) , in the long run it will prove better to check running apps for candidates overriding the mentioned default settings . while the navigation app might be obvious ( and most likely desired ) , other apps might let you configure this behaviour . in case you cannot easily figure out which app is causing it , a look at the system logs might prove useful . alogcat is one example of apps helping you to capture log contents ( there are many others as well ) . it might produce a large amount of lines , but searching the content for strings like " screen " , " timeout " , and the like has good chances to narrow it down .
your problem is not in display but in lock screen . i had the same problem and fixed it : go to settings , lock screen , then secured lock time , and set it for ten minutes
i would rather go with replacing the sd card and checking if that happens again . nowadays there are lots of cheap sd cards which simply lose or corrupt your data with no particular reason . there have been reports of sd cards that pretend to be 4 , 8 , 16gb or even more but only have 256mb . if you have such a bad card and copy more than 256mb of data it will get corrupted . the same thing applies to flash drives etc . if that does not help then try to restore your device to the original state and do not install all your applications at one go . try to install the most important first and the rest in some intervals so you can find the one which may be causing problems .
you may have to run an ruu if you do not have a custom recovery you could try rebooting into bootloader and doing a factory reset there ( typically , turn device off , hold volume down and power till you are in the bootloader , volume moves , power selects in that screen )
this looks like a special kind of sms message , sometimes called " flash sms " , that shows up instantaneously on the phones screen . i do not think that there is an option to block these messages and even if it would be possible i would not encourage you to do so , because you could maybe miss some other important information . i think the best approach would be to ask your carrier from disabling these messages for your number . i am sure that they are able and happy to do so .
this is a problem with your carrier where they send the last data usage details whenever a data connection session ends . it is not possible to disable it unless the network provider disables it . however , you can try this small workaround by going to Messaging , selecting Settings in options , and disabling Cell Broadcast settings . thanks
balance update / ussd blocker you can install this app to block the flash messages this does not support android 4.2.2
holding the power button brings up the " power options " menu . in there you can choose the profile .
there is now ( confirmed with 10.2 ) a profiles tile in the quick settings panel , which is quite handy .
i had basically the same question . i noticed the option via the powers button , but wanted to have some kind of shortcut on the homescreen . i found a solution using the app cyanogenmod profiles shortcut . works for me on version 6 .
my first suggestion is to look into replacing your launcher . you can find several home launcher replacements in google play market . my current favorite is the holo launcher . alternatively
this functionality is not available as standard in your default launcher , but the launcher is replaceable . there are lots of alternatives out there , some require a minimum os version . unless you have rooted your phone it looks like the maximum os version you can be on is v2.3.5 ( source : http://www.gsmarena.com/samsung_galaxy_y_s5360-4117.php ) . so this rules out the newer breed of launchers which are based on the android 4 . x launcher . but there are still a load of good launchers which will be compatible with your phone and will provide the functionality that you are looking for . have a look at : go launcher adw launcher
use holo launcher : really an awesome launcher , you will get an ics look and you can hide icons in the drawer ; you can also add icons in the dock session . use it and i bet you gonna really like the holo launcher .
i struggled with this for a long while as well . i found silent mode switcher , which lets you the press power button and shake the phone to switch it to vibrate mode . easiest way i have found , and it works great on nexus 5 .
yepp , possible -- taskerman is back : ) one solution would involve tasker , available for about eur 5 at the playstore ( free 7 day trial on the homepage ) . tasker is an automation solution , connecting " events " with " tasks " . in your case , the event would be the corresponding hardware button pressed -- and the task to silence/vibrate your phone . unfortunately , the volume buttons do not seem to be available here , but . . . condition : event &rarr ; hardware &rarr ; button : camera task : audio settings &rarr ; vibrate on optionally you can have it adjust volume settings as well , of course ( a task can consist of multiple actions ) . there might be alternative apps able to do this , but i cannot tell for sure what they cover ( i am using tasker here for years , so i have lost track about the others ; ) but you might want to take a look at the free llama as well ( though from its description , it cannot act on hardware-key-events ) .
the following short procedure should work : press power button ( enable the screen ) hold power button for 1 second ( new required step on android 4.2.2 , not needed on 4.2.1 ) press volume up or down until phone vibrates optionally press power button again ( turn off screen ) the idea is to enable the screen first , because then volume buttons would be enabled to change ringer volume ( when screen is off they only work for music volume if it is playing ) . then depending on what volume you had set you need to press volume up or down : if volume was set to silent , press volume up once , the phone should vibrate , now the phone is in vibrate only mode if volume was set to regular ringtone , press volume down several times until phone vibrates . now phone is in vibrate mode . pressing volume down again would enable silent mode . so you need to press volume down or up until you feel single vibrate and the you can leave the phone as is and it should turn off screen after short time by default . there should not be much risk leaving screen enabled in a pocket for a while , but if you want you can press power button again to disable screen , but you risk pressing volume keys again which might either put phone in silent mode or enable ringtone . full procedure that should always work : press power button ( enable lock screen ) press volume down up to 7 times until phone vibrates then stop the procedure ( this assumes there are 9 levels of volume , see below ) if phone not vibrated press volume up ( you were probably in silent mode ) , phone should vibrate if phone not vibrated repeat the procedure only one more time ( maybe screen was enabled and first step turned it off ) optionally if phone vibrated , press power button once to turn off screen phone changes between following states when pressing volume up/down keys : maximum volume . . . . . . medium volume . . . . . . minimum volume vibration only no sound , no vibration - silent mode the procedure was tested on galaxy nexus , but since nexus 4 is very similar ( same button layout/number , os version , nexus brand ) it should also work for it . update : since android 4.2.2 changing volume on lock screen as described above does not work . there is additional step needed : holding power button for at least 1 second when screen is enabled . this will bring the " power off/airplaine mode " dialog and volume buttons will work there .
i do not know will this help or not , but if you need this option , you can give a try ( if you are ready to face the aftermath whatever it is ) . first you have to access the system files of your mobile , so you might need droid explorer . you may face an error sometime , while showing the android sdk path if you have already installed it in pc . for that you can simply create a folder named android-7 inside your sdk/platforms folder . then connect your phone and open droid explorer and try locating the particular searchable.xml file which i have no idea where is . open it and try changing the false into true . sometimes , it might have triggered some other file to change this particular option . i tried myself for sometime using this and i could not figure it out .
i had the same issue . found this solution on another site : open " settings " app go to " sim card manager " tap on " data service network " choose the sim as the data sim note that only the first sim slot supports 3g internet . so if you want to use 3g you must plug your 3g sim in the first slot .
i do not know of any apps that can do that , but ( supposedly ) any android 4.2 device can do that with a wireless display adapter connected to an hdmi-enabled tv . i also found this project by e.s.r. labs , which they successfully get a nexus s to mirror it is screen ( albeit onto a raspberry pi ) . mirroring functionality is also sometimes limited due to hardware requirements . i also recently found that a developer was able to get miracast working on nexus 7 and 4 variants . check it out on xda with videos . something cool to note with this project is that the mirroring capabilities are all software based ; no need for additional hardware . hopefully that will also lead to further development for mirroring on devices that do not already have the hardware inside of them .
the camera may be connecting on ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) or mtp ( media transfer protocol ) mode , not as a normal usb drive ( which uses usb mass storage drivers ) . it shows up in ubuntu similarly to a usb mass storage device , but android has no support for this out of the box . you could try an app that supports ptp , such as dslrdashboard , but i have not tried these personally , so no guarantees .
the accelerometers are hardware , thus always on . when you deactive the settings that need them ( your example auto-rotate screen is a good one ) , you merely deactivate the reading of that sensor to control the activity . a good proof of this is to use the game app " drop " , which uses these sensors . while you may turn off auto-rotate , the sensors are still live for the game .
most logs are stored in catlog , you can use adb ( android debugging bridge ) to read it ; there are apps on the market can be used to read catlog .
engadget has just reported that the nexus s is having issues with random reboots ( http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/15/nexus-s-suffering-from-random-data-loss-reboots/ ) and apparently fixes are coming . to see the log you can get the following app : alogcat
from your home screen go to menu -> settings -> applications -> manage applications and find greader . then click the clear cache and clear data button . this may lead to you having to sign back in but it will synch with your feeds so you will not really lose anything .
there should be someone who has the official release that you can download and just upgrade like you did with the leaked version . like this post here . it says it is for rooted users , but i do not see anything in the instructions that should require root .
you going to want to sbf your phone back to . 340 first . here is a great forum post showing how . i did it with my linux box , you can do it with windows but drivers can be an issue from what i have heard . once you sbf your phone you can pull it down ota . warning this erases everything and you will loose root . the official release has not been rooted yet to my knowledge . i have done it 2 times now i was running lexlite gingerade and sbf to install leaked gingerbread and then i sbf to install the offical release . * edit : * looks like i was wrong it has been rooted there is just no easy root method . see @caseyb post . let me know if you need any more help .
not having used link2sd i cannot tell for sure -- but being familiar with the principle , there is one thing that should work with a rooted device : make sure you had removed the files on the link2sd partition using a ( root ) file explorer , navigate to /data/data and check for symlinks showing the same package names listed in your screenshot . delete them . this might still leave " traces " in some system configuration files ( for sure this is valid for the packages.xml which stores the apps ' permissions ) . sd maid - system cleaning tool should be able to clean up most of the remains . still , this manual approach is not 100% " clean " . another option might involve re-installing link2sd and see whether you can cleanly remove the apps with it ( or even re-installing the apps , moving them again with link2sd in case this did not happen automatically due to the symlinks , and then removing them again ) . if all else fails , one ugly but very clean solution remains : a factory reset . do not forget to backup everything before this -- you have got titanium backup to take care for this step , as your question states .
i also had this issue . i found that if i use link2sd to uninstall the app , it should remove the entry from the app manager .
once i unchecked automatic date and time and automatic time zone on date and time settings , everything worked perfectly .
i do not see anything in the settings for the default browser on my phone ( droid , android 2.2.1 ) . you are almost certainly going to need to try an alternative browser . i do not know if any of them offer that functionality either , though .
i have found a solution to fix that . i went to system settings > motion control and there i had " video set to pause when looking away " . after disabling that it is not auto pausing anymore .
there were those secret codes . . . *#*#7594#*#*: this code can be used to change the " end call / power " button action in your phone . be default , if you long press the button , it shows a screen asking you to select any option from silent mode , airplane mode and power off . you can change this action using this code . you can enable direct power off on this button so you do not need to waste your time in selecting the option . hm , guess that is what you were lokking for , right ? wanna more ? ok , here 's the source , luke : secret codes of android phones . not sure if it works on all phones , though . . .
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but see if you can find something similar to this : Settings &gt; My device &gt; Sound &gt; Touch sounds .
goto lockscreen is probably what you want ! it gives you information about your incoming notifications , allows you to navigate straight to them from the unlock screen , and is fully customizeable . if you do not find that helpful , widgetlocker could probably help you out too : ) bonus : if you add adw notifier with either of these , you will get small number icons to alert you to any unattented-to actions graphically .
if you want to see the notifications immediately , you can get them even when the display is " off " with noled ( if your device is compatible ) . note that this was designed for amoled displays , so it might eat a lot of battery on other screens .
from mybookofknowledge : go to your dial pad and select the settings options . under the other call settings , you can see the option Dial pad autocomplete . enable this option and now you can see suggestions when you dial a phone number . note : make sure you are using the stock dialer .
i have done sort of the reverse -- installed a us t-mobile rom to my t-mobile phone while i had it on the canadian rogers network . since the legend is also a gsm phone like my vibrant , i would expect yours to work just as well as mine did . just make sure you have your sim card in for the whole process .
i would try editing extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf in the android sdk so that it recognizes your device . the file should have a section like this that you can extend : if you go into the windows device manager and view the properties for your device , you should see the id you need . for example , my vibrant says USB\VID_04E8&amp;PID_681C under device ids and has 3 entries with that and &amp;MI_00 , &amp;MI_02 , and &amp;MI_03 appended under bus relations . i would therefore add this to the . inf file : you should also reboot into the bootloader , recovery mode , etc . and see if that provides more ids . i know my vibrant installs new drivers the first time it is connected in each mode , so likely there are more entries needed . then just update the driver and select this . inf file . i think once you have done that then the usb mass storage drivers and so on will be auto-installed when you mount the device to the pc , but if not you could probably extend this process for that .
recently , koush ( the person behind clockworkmod ) has deleveloped a universaladbdriver for windows , which can be downloaded e.g. here . read more e.g. in the androidpolice article a universal adb driver for windows that actually works on 8 and check adbdriver . com as an alternative source . see also koush 's original g+ post on this . quoting : for whatever reason , every phone manufacturer has their own adb driver , so i end up installing like 3-4 different drivers when i do my testing . it is a royal pain in the ass , and is also asking a lot of the end user of one of my apps to do this . this driver should work on all android phones for all versions of windows . [ 1 ] it does not require that you turn on test signing or disable driver verification or even reboot . this is done by automatically installing clockworkmod as a trusted certificate and publisher into the local machine 's certificate store during the setup process . [ 1 ] on windows 8 , after downloading , choose " more info " then " run anyway " . so if you do not want to play with source/configuration files yourself , you might want to give this a try .
the default kernel ( dark core ) is derived from the voodoo kernels , but the lagfix is disabled by default . for example , the v9.5 description on xda has the following note : new kernel > > dark core v1.0 inside ! i9000 , i9000m , i9000t only ( cappy users choose speedmod or skip kernel ) customized and built by ficeto [ team darky dev crew ] based on supercurio’s latest voodoo sound 6 , lagfix and color - thanks a ton , mr . supercurio if you install on top of a kernel with voodoo enabled already then you should be fine ( and i do not believe it will disable it , but you can re-enable if it does ) . there are a handful of threads on the darky forums that talk about some of the nuances to this , but here are a couple : the quick start guide - recurrent questions ( the " recommendations prior to flashing a rom " section talks about lagfixes ) . activate lagfix in 9.2 ? what is a lagfix and how to enable or disable it ( this one is kind of goofy but still helpful )
you should always disable/remove voodoo before installing a new rom except when the rom in question includes voodoo as the default . iit appears that darky 's rom includes a custom kernel that includes voodoo , meaning you do not have to disable it : if you have a dark_core / voodoo kernel installed with lagfixes enabled and you are or v10.1 ( upgrade through cwm , not odin ) then it is recommended that you do not disable your lagfixes . and you will save a lot of time ( dark_core and voodoo kernels are from the same family )
if you have a wireless lan and you just want to copy files around while the phone can still access the card then the simplest way is to install an ftp server on your phone like https://market.android.com/details?id=lutey.ftpserver there are probably similar solutions using bluetooth , 3g , etc .
there is apparently an app in the market that does this . i do not know the name . it probably requires root . however , doing so is a terrible idea . two operating systems should never access the same disk at the same time , because they do not know about each other 's writes . if you do this you will lose data , possibly everything on your card . there is no advantage to this anyways unless you are doing something extremely bizarre .
take a look at goto lock screen - supposedly it is fast . it lets you stay on top of your text messages , missed calls , and gmail notifications all with a simple slide gesture . a detailed feature list is available here . re-reading your question , i see you want widgets to use in conjunction with widgetlocker - what sms app are you using ? handcent has a medium sized widget which shows unread sms as does gosms . you can show missed calls using this call log widget . update : i do believe i have found something that might interest you - puremessenger widget will show the following : gmail emails ( pop3+imap / need k9fp ) sms facebook twitter calls
i would suggest noled , a pretty handy and battery-efficient way to see notifications of missed events while the phone is locked . minimal battery drain on amoled screens and pretty customizable .
changing the starting day for mobile data is indeed non-obvious . you need to enable the mobile data connection ( 2g/3g ) before the options are available : enable mobile data . exit the data usage settings app . tap the spinner below the set mobile data limit checkbox . tap change cycle . . . . change date of each month ( i prefer the first day of the month , 1 ) hit set . undo mobile data if necessary ( e . g . if on wi-fi ) .
why do not you try using browsers like Dolphin Browser or Opera which have an option called flash on demand , wherein flash objects are loaded only if you want them to .
first , even without having a network connection , you can try to unlock it with your google account data . usually the device stores a " token " , so you might be able to log in . second , if that does not help , you might want to take a look at the locked-out tag-wiki , and at cannot unlock tablet as have no internet connection ? . there might still be a chance to unlock your device . if nothing else helps , a factory-reset can also be done from the recovery-mode : shut down your device hold the vol + button and keep it pressed while additionally press the power button . keep both pressed until a text-menu appears ( if that does not work , try again while substituting vol + with vol - ) use the volume buttons to select " factory reset " execute the item ( usually done by short-pressing the power button or by pressing the ' show more ' button at the bottom-left of your phone )
in addition to sparx 's answer : droidwall has been discontinued and now forked into afwall+ play store and continues in the spirit of open-source for the deprecated/obsolete droidwall here github .
if your phone 's rooted , use the excellent droidwall to selectively allow / disallow apps from connecting to the internet . like all apps that need root , read the instructions carefully and of course , do make a complete backup before trying things out .
if your device is rooted you can use lbe privacy guard to allow/deny network access based on a per-app setting ( and much more ) . since i could not find the version i use ( and shown in the screenshots ) on the market minutes ago i think there is a new version of it available . but i did not get an update via android market on my phone .
whether your phone is rooted or not – if it is running android 4.0 or newer , there is help built-in : go to settings → data usage tick the limit checkbox use the bars in the graph to define upper limits ( if you do not want any global limits , use " astronomical values": i have set mine to 3 gb , which never will be triggered . but you must set a limit here for the following steps to work ) scroll the list of apps below the graph to find the apps you want to restrict tap their entry , scroll to the end , tick restrict background data done . this app will only use data when it is the foreground app now , or when you are connected to wifi ( above settings are for mobile data only ) .
it is funny you ask this since gmail just came out today with functionality that allows for different ringtones to be set for different labels ( using custom label notifications . ) this might not be perfect since you would need to specify a label per contact to make it work , but it could serve your needs .
look for the signal indicator in between clock and battery bar . if the signal indicator is full , then voila ! you should be able to get the fast data connection .
making text encoding the default behaviour for the stock android email app is not possible . you can use k9mail instead . this question is already answered here . stackexchange-url
the dalvik vm is not providing a security boundary , but the kernel is providing a security boundary in terms of the process the vm runs in . that is why , for example , it is no big deal for an android application to run native code , which ( more or less ) by definition runs outside the vm . it is still in the process , and the kernel ensures that the process is not going to be able to harm other applications , whether the process is running code within the vm or not .
in android , every application runs as a separate user . in the linux kernel , each process is owned by a single user , therefore it is not possible to run multiple dalvik applications on a single linux process . the overhead of running multiple dalvik vm instance is lightweight because linux fork() system call is copy-on-write , a write to a shared cow page will cause a " page fault " and that page will be copied ; so even though most of the vm 's memory region in the ram is shared there are no " shared state " between vms . forking processes provides only state isolation , but not privilege isolation . dalvik vm should not be considered a security boundary that is because the vm cannot enforce a security boundary . the vm is running on user mode ( the same mode as the program it is executing ) , which means a bug in the vm might allow the application to modify vm state in a way that is not intended ; the kernel , however , runs in privileged mode and can enforce security boundary .
each dalvikvm process runs under a sand-boxed environment owned by the user id ( uid ) of the application running , it should be noted that upon installation of the application , the uid is allocated and assigned to each installed application . the net result is that each running application cannot trample another 's process due to the different uid assigned , that grants the protection for the running apps . another way of looking at it is this - had there being one common uid for all applications , then a malicious application can really cause havoc , be peering into one 's settings , override , intercept another application 's running code and do all sorts of bad things tm to that application .
unfortunately to this moment google not provide such feature to list all our reviews and ratings from google play . but there is method to search all of ours reviews by typing to google . com phrase : inurl:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details +"John Doe"  where john doe is our name we use in google+ , but of course this name should be unique .
native binaries ( as the mkfs.* tools are ) need to be compiled for the platform they should run on . so if you take the mkfs.ext3 from your ubuntu workstation , which probably is either x86 or x86-64 , it will not work on your android device , which most likely uses arm architecure .
since i think there are not reliable sources for these binaries you could prefer to compile it ( statically ) using busybox with a cross compiler . you are using cyanogenmod so should be also easy to compile it using the cyanogenmod source code ( search on their site since i can not post more link : ) ) , busybox is in the external/ directory .
as keshavagn has said cyanogenmod is a safe option ( provided you have read the risks associated with it ) to root your phone to android 4.4.4 ( kit-kat ) but a small note of precaution is that the kit-kat os occupies a min of 3 gb space so later you will not have enough storage on board . ( as given by your specs you will have only 2 gb free of storage space for your own use to download other apps )
according to a quick google search based on the model number you provided , this might be oracom korea 's am 818 8" tablet .
it is not possible to guess the " name of the manufacturer " , as they have not even provided that information on tablet itself . if you want to use android kitkat on the tablet , you can try some custom roms such as cyanogenmod , with any available binary image for a tablet with almost all specifications same as your 's , including processor , ram , nand etc . and i am not sure whether this will work or not . so make sure to have a complete backup .
the shv-160k is a version of the phone only made for the south korean market . it works in the us , but only on gsm , not 3g or lte , because the us cell networks use different frequencies to south korea . ( the western half of s america uses the same frequencies as the us . ) this tells me that it should work as a 2g phone for you , but perhaps there is no gsm coverage where you are , only lte ? in that case , you are screwed and you should sell your phone to a korean on ebay .
if you mean the azpen a727 tablet , i just got one of them for $20 through a micro center promotion . the device faq states it can not use an external keyboard . one thing you can try is turning on usb debug mode . to do so , invoke the settings app , scroll down to and tap about tablet . at the bottom of the about tablet display , tap build number multiple times . you will see a message indicating progress , and at the end you will be told you are a developer . once successful , there will be a {} developer options menu entry added to the system section of the settings app , and you can turn on usb debugging from there . it may also be possible to enable this if you root the device . i found instructions for doing so at http://zepinventory.wordpress.com/2014/03/31/how-to-root-azpen-a727-tablet/ ( it is windows only . ) i have not been able to make it work yet , but that is likely because i was trying it from an xp box , and will try again from the so 's win7 laptop . it is also possible that usb host mode is simply not present . the azpen docs say communication is one way - you can connect the tablet to a pc and get stuff from the tablet to the pc , but not vice versa . when i connect it to the pc here , the pc sees two removable drives , but neither can be accessed as it does not think there is media in the drives . i would like to use it with an external keyboard , but i will live if i can not . what it does now is more than worth what i paid for it . update : rooting the device removed the restriction . once rooted , the device recognized my logitech portable keyboard , and a logitech entry appeared in settings allowing me to select the preferred keyboard layout . i found a guide to rooting that i followed here : http://zepinventory.wordpress.com/2014/03/31/how-to-root-azpen-a727-tablet/
the issue is solved . afaicu , there was possibly a problem with android update hosting site or somewhere on a trace to it , because the device was connected to and was capable of browsing internet without a problem , including google.com. after some time , even without updating the progress indicator , the device displayed Install &amp; Reboot button . after this all goes well . so , the answers are : android provides cumulative update to 4.4.2 , at least for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) . android should improve the way how it shows status information . if it encounters some problems with downloading an update , it should output something like " connection timeout , trying to reconnect . . . " instead of just " downloading " all the time . also the progress indicator may have a bug preventing it from proper ui update in similar sitations .
i turned off the sync and turned it back on and the notifications went away .
just disable notifications in play store . open Play Store -> look for the three dot \u1427\u1427\u1427 menu -> Settings -> uncheck Notifications
had same problem . download manager seems to be the issue if you have that installed . but just click on one of the notifications , you will see app info . click on that and then unclick show notifications . it should go away .
i went into the download manager app and once it opened went to the right where it says " other downloads " and deleted them all and i rebooted the phone and it seemed to work ok . i havent noticed them coming back or any other issues by doing this as of yet .
here 's what i did with that same problem . settings More tab application manager scroll right to all select download manager force stop , and then clear data and cache reboot
this happened to me as well , but seemingly fixed it . turn off wi-fi temporarily . only seems to happen to me while connected to wifi ( possibly because my email app settings are set to only download when connected to wifi ) . go to apps list and find an app called " downloads " . choose the " other downloads " tab . check the boxes for most/all items and click delete . click the down arrow called " older " and check all remaining items and click delete . turn wi-fi back on .
you did not mentioned it is a rooted device or not . when i face similar issues i manage to fix this issue in this way . this is a permission related issue . i guess you face this issue when you are trying to update or install previously uninstalled apps . when you are uninstalling app , it remain some leftovers in " data/app-lib " directory . therefore , carefully check app that you wish to install leftovers are in this folder and delete those folders . go to " /data/app-lib/app-path ( that has this error ) /lib " and delete its all the sub folders . then delete app-path folder . if its not work you can factory rest your device to fix this issue .
i get a kick out of people suggesting downloading an app when the problem is insuffient storage and you can not download anything because of insuffient storage . the only solution is to factory reset and even that does not work when you start up again and everything is restored presumably from google servers . i have done factory resets and cannot get my tablet back to factory out of the box condition . you can still use it but cannot download anything . it can also be used for cutting onions and tomatoes .
technically , it is not prerequisite , but convenience . you can download an update using your handset and store it locally on the sdcard , then reboot manually into recovery . or use rom manager to do all that in an app and enjoy backup/restore and ota updating without the need for a computer . stock recoveries will not let you do all the fancy stuff that a custom recovery let 's you do . among them are : backup/restore using adb in recovery mode flashing custom . zip 's ( that is what you will need ) format individual partitions wipe individual parts ( dalvik cache , /cache ) some handset makers have their own means of low level access to flash . fastboot then has not all needed commands built in . htc/google/others : fastboot samsung : fastboot , proprietary ( heimdall open source flash tool ) sony / sonyericsson : fastboot , proprietary ( flashtool by androxyde ) . . .
stock recoveries usually check the update . zip file being flashed for a specific signature that is only known by device 's manufacturer and/or carrier . you cannot therefore flash custom roms on stock recoveries , hence the need for a custom recovery which bypasses said check .
it is a bug with openvpn connect , apparently : you are absolutely right -- server-pushed keepalive parameters ( ping , ping-restart ) are being ignored in 1.1.12 and earlier . will be fixed in next release . thanks , james by using openvpn for android ( alternative ) , i can connect properly .
this is due to the fact that by default non google-play applications are blocked by default in android , as a security measure . to allow these to be installed go to ( this may vary in wording across android versions ) Settings &gt; Security &gt; Unknown Sources this allows things to be installed that are not form the known ( google play store ) source . you can , in later versions , set only the inital install to process or allow any further ones to install . in android it is similar to this ( slight variety in different versions ) on the kindle it is slightly different :
only chinese tablet eben t6 or t7 provide a better solution of wacom s pen , samsung has no development of wacom pen pressure tuning at all and make it no much different from a capasitive pen
open the gooogle+ photos app > touch the menu icon/button > settings > auto backup > toggle on or off to remove google+ photos from your gallery head to your phone’s settings , and scroll down and tap “google” under the accounts subheader . in here , uncheck “sync google photos” as well as “sync picasa web albums . ” once that’s done , you need to clear the application data for your gallery to reset your albums list . head to the application manager in your settings . it could show up as either “manage apps , ” “application manager” or “application settings . ” scroll down and tap “gallery . ” tap “clear data . ” once you’ve completed these steps , you’re good to go . your gallery will only show the albums that are only on your phone . much neater . remember though , if you have google+ auto backup set up for your photos , your backed up photos won’t show up in your gallery anymore , but you can still access them through your google+ account . hope this works if not then please comment ! ! thank you .
my brother helped with this link which suggests as follows : apps > settings > accounts and sync > enable / check ' auto-sync data ' option which i missed to notice . apps > settings > accounts and sync > google > email id ( you email id ) > un-select ' picasa web albums ' option . if you want to remove already synced photos then , apps > setttings > apps > all > gallery > clear data and clear cache this helped me and hope this might help others too . so , the point that i was missing and even from @blackhat002 is covered in the link - to enable ' auto-sync data ' option as pointed in #1 . only then , as a next step , one can un-check option to auto-sync photos . hope this helps others too . the question still remains - from where does android sync photos ?
if it is specific to your google accounts , check the general google synce settings . Settings-&gt;Accounts/Google-&gt;YourEmail@gmail.com Last synced MM/DD/YYYY 12:00 PM-&gt;List of Google Sync Settings.  some apps may indicate sync is turned off , like the gmail app : Gmail App-&gt;Menu/Settings-&gt;YourEmail@gmail.com-&gt;DATA USAGE/Gmail sync is OFF 
i was facing the similar issue with whatsapp , finally found out the simple solution Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync -&gt; ENABLE this
is background data enabled ? you can enable it in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Background Data or System Settings-&gt;Data Use-&gt;Menu Button-&gt;Auto-sync data checked .
does the os actually tell you it failed to download , or do you just notice ? when i was running 2.0.1 i noticed a particular problem with trying to update/download multiple apps at once . if you are doing synchronous dls try one at a time . another option may be to try using appbrain . it is an alternative installation app that hooks into market . (http://www.appbrain.com/) speaking of which , you could also try your qr reader and try to install via the internet using the programs ' qr codes .
are you out of internal storage for apps ? have you tried a hard reset ? can you upgrade your phone to a newer android release ? personally i would try upgrading your device first then see if you still have problems .
can you get any app to install ? first thing to always try is to reboot the phone . if that doesnt work , try downloading alogcat from the market ( if you can install it ) . if it installs , then go to the market and try to download the app you are having issues with . if it still wont download , then open alogcat and look at the system log entries . then you should be able to glean a little bit of info of why its not installing . i know this is not a 100% answer of what you are looking for , but it does help and has helped me before .
when this happens to me there is one thing that helps every time : open the market and go to the downloads section , then perform a long click on the stalled download . cancel the download from here . now you should be able to reinstall / update the app .
background android has specific rules regarding the installation of applications and their physical location . it works like and hierarchical structure : if the app has a specified location by the developer , this takes priority . if it is not specified in the app , then the default install location is used . android has 3 identifiers for app storage location : that may be mentioned on the application manifest android:installlocation : " internalonly": the application must be installed on the internal device storage only . if this is set , the application will never be installed on the external storage . if the internal storage is full , then the system will not install the application . " auto": the application may be installed on the external storage , but the system will install the application on the internal storage by default . if the internal storage is full , then the system will install it on the external storage . " preferexternal": the application prefers to be installed on the external storage ( sd card ) . there is no guarantee that the system will honor this request . the application might be installed on internal storage if the external media is unavailable or full , or if the application uses the forward-locking mechanism ( not supported on external storage ) . old applications may have no choice but to install on the internal storage , as per the google documentation : the ability for your application to install on the external storage is a feature available only on devices running api level 8 ( android 2.2 ) or greater . existing applications that were built prior to api level 8 will always install on the internal storage and cannot be moved to the external storage ( even on devices with api level 8 ) . what can i do ? you can manage the installed applications and set their storage location , all from one place : tap " home " to return to your device home screen ; tap your device " menu " button ; depending on your device , you either have to : tap " manage apps" ; tap " settings " > " applications " > " manage applications " . now access the third tab where it reads " usb storage " or " on sd card " ( again , varies with the device ) ; here are listed all the applications that are allowed to be moved to your external storage , tab over one to bring up more options about it ; when the application details panel opens , you have a button " move to sd card " , use it to move that application to your external storage ; press " back " to return to the list . if you have moved the app to the external memory , you will notice that a green tick is present on the right side on the list , to let you know that the application file is currently on your external storage . this is a safe guide to have your os managing the applications and moving then from internal storage to external storage without hacks or tricks . you can read all about it on the google official documentation .
you also have to keep in mind that move apps to sdcard will make them slower , and since they still keep data on internal storage , there can be some annoying side effects : for example , if you move twitter for android to sdcard , you will have to login again every time . this link has some good tips about what you should and should not do : http://techgage.com/article/moving_your_non-movable_android_apps_to_an_sd_card/
as the sdcard could become inaccessible ( e . g . when mounted via usb to a computer , or when removed ) , there are some groups of apps which cannot and should not be installed on external storage -- as they could not keep up their work in those cases . these include : apps using widgets ( widgets could no longer update if the storage is gone ) apps using services ( these services would break then ) apps providing sync adapters ( these adapters would be inaccessible ) most of these apps are not even able to be moved to sdcard , as their developers declared them " internalonly " ( see zuul 's answer ) . but some developers forget about this , and so it might happen you move an app which you better had not -- and then wonder about above mentioned things breaking ( most users notice this with widgets only ) . so better keep this in mind as well when moving apps to external storage .
you do not " unroot " per se with odin ; you just flash a stock , unrooted rom that wipes out everything currently on the phone . it should not matter whether you use odin or heimdall . note also that unrooting will not matter if you have flashed anything with odin , since that also voids your warranty and is recorded on the device .
once you have s-off you should be able to flash a custom recovery . just flash one that supports img files , such as clockworkmod ( rom manager ) .
i do not believe android 2.1 allows this . i have read that the latest release android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) will have this feature . sorry i could not find the post that mentioned it but here is the api link .
you should be able to get this functionality if you have a custom launcher , like launcherpro . samsung 's touchwiz does not support the 180 degree rotation . you also need android 2.2+ , however , which introduced the getRotation() api .
most android sounds are in . apk files and are a pain to edit . you have to find a way to open them , then you can remove or edit the sound , finally you have to package them up and sign them . it is much easier to use nfc task launcher .
there is no real standard here — every manufacturer does whatever it likes . e.g. , many samsung devices ( including samsung galaxy s4 and samsung galaxy note ii ) use the traditional layout — menu , home , back ( with menu and back as touch keys , and home as a physical key ; and the back key is really on the right side , while many other manufacturers place it on the left side ) . given the samsung market share , there is a significant number of phones shipped with recent android versions and still having the menu key .
if the older devices have a menu key , the overflow action indicator will not show , this is by behaviour ! see my answer on stackoverflow .
if you are rooted and have a 3rd party rom that has not been tested , it might be a bug or a glitch , i would contact the developer .
use battery monitor in settings to see what is causing the battery drain . uninstalling apps is not the solution , until you have identified that as the problem . you can either access your battery stats in settings or in notification shortcut .
diagonise apps with any antivirus or security app and see what is the reason for fast draining of battery . usually the apps which use more ram are the reasons for less backup of battery . uninstalling those unwanted apps is the solution
open the contact , click menu--> edit and scroll down . you should see a drop down box titled groups just below the email addresses . click that and you can then select the groups the contact should be a member of .
i have android 2.3.3 on samsung galaxy ace and it does not have any option to edit the groups . i am managing the contact groups from gmail and then sync . it is a standart feature on android 3 . you can use a third party application to manage your contacts . some applications have the ability to edit contacts ' groups . ( dw contacts and phone and dialer )
had this problem on 2.2 when i first bought it . changing sd cards did not help . resolved by uninstalling some apps . i believe it is a task killer or a launcher that is causing the sd card rebooting few times daily . try deleting these apps one by one and monitor .
use one of the following ussd codes to do what you want : *#7780# Factory Reset *2767*3855# Full Factory Reset *#*#7780#*# Factory data reset  source : xda developers forum a full factory reset is also known as a hard reset . it deletes all of your user data , firmware settings , and wipes your sd card as well . factory resets do not wipe the sd card . basically , a hard reset leaves nothing but the last rom flashed . this is probably what you want . factory reset vs . hard reset
i do not have that particular model , but every android phone i have owned has had a " factory data reset " option . on my nexus s , it is under settings/privacy .
root will not be necessary , the android api allows apps to set the output file format to . mp4 . so you just need to find an app that makes use of it . but , as with most video file extensions , .avi and .mp4 are just container formats . therefore the actually used video codec , that is responsible for the quality of the video , is not changed by changing the container format . the android api itself recommends to use .3gp as container format for better compatibility . using an mpeg-4 container format may confuse some desktop players . source i am not aware of an android video recording app that actually saves the video with h . 264/avc compression . i think that this is because of the royalty fee one has to pay to use the codec .
a " quick settings " application by sergej shafarenka . it allows quickly toggling wifi as well as a quick access to a bunch of other settings . it stays in the notification bar for a convenient access . probably the most used application on my n1 .
another option is beautiful widgets , which provides a wifi toggle widget .
here are a few ways to do it on a samsung galaxy s . drag down from the notification area . wi-fi on/off is one of the controls . long press on the home screen , select widgets then select Power Control . this widget also has a wi-fi on/off control . long press on the home screen , select Shortcuts , then Activities , expand Settings in the list that is displayed , then select Wi-fi settings . this will take you directly to the page with the list of available wi-fi networks . hopefully one of these will help .
a possible option is to download a wifi app from market ; many are free . i use wifinder . these seem to integrate pretty well with the android wifi and does not conflict ( unlike the pc , in which you have dell 's wireless utility and the windows wireless , which you cannot run at the same time ) . when i installed wifinder , it knew that i was already connected to my work network , and it remembered my preferred network .
you could also setup locale or tasker to turn on the wifi during certain times of the day . so if you know for a fact you might be using your tablet during a certain time period , it could auto-turn it on during that . or if you look at it the other way , you can have it turn the wifi off when you know for a fact you will not be using it ( i.e. . sleeping ) .
by browsing the source code ( for example here ) you can see the usage help : as you can see , the -m option specifies the maximum number of processes to display .
i do not think this line of thinking would work . the opera mini experience is built on the premise of the client being able to connect to opera 's rendering server farms and having a web page that is optimised for mobile view being sent to your phone/device after being compressed in order to save data network costs . i do not think modifying your hosts file would work on opera mini - mobile and your default browser - yes , because they connect directly from your phone to the page you are trying to view .
when unofficially modifying your phone , nothing is safe . . . but if others say it worked , give it a shot . just keep in mind that anything can go wrong , so back up your data and have a plan b for recovering your system . edit : plan b ( how to recover your phone ) : recovery software : http://www.archos.com/faq/index.php?action=artikelcat=120id=301 stock rom : http://update.archos.com/afmv1/storage//files/full/a40ti/20130922.101129/ota972121_8916_v007049.zip
i recommand you to install anysoftkeyboard ( available in android market ) , it a bloody good keybaord , by pressing 1 sec . on [ . ] key there is an additional key wit the three dots ! what i also find great in this keyboard is that you can install your country keyboard what the standard androïd keyboard does not provide . . . test it . . . you will adopt it !
it sounds like you are using the samsung keypad with " portrait keypad type " set to 3x4 keypad , and " xt9" switched off ? for starters , your device has a lot of different keyboard types pre-installed , if you switch to a different keyboard or mode , you can just press " . . . " with 3 presses on the " . " button . before i go into your other keyboard options , you can teach the phone the " . . . " sequence as a new learned " word " . go into settings -> locale and text -> samsung keypad , you should now see an option xt9 make sure that this is ticked , and then you can go into xt9 advanced settings and scroll down until you see xt9 my words press add word and type in the three dots as if they were a word and save . now when you are typing you should be able to do it as dot (wait) dot dot which is slightly faster . alternatively change your keyboard mode , go into settings -> locale and text -> samsung keypad , portrait keypad types one of your options here is qwerty keypad this keypad looks a lot like a normal computer keyboard , and you can just press dot dot dot without any need for pauses . finally you should also have the swype keyboard pre-installed on a galaxy tab , to turn this on go into settings -> locale and text -> select input method and pick swype . this looks a lot like the samsung qwerty keyboard , and you can use it the same way to do dot dot dot , it also a totally different and fast ( once you have had some practice ) way to enter words by swiping your finger across the keyboard . swype should pop up a tutorial to show you how to do this when you first switch it on .
create an ext4 partition with 1gb space ( for example ) . then , the first time you enter the rom , type in terminal emulator : su a2sd xdata y y  now , you have 1gb internal memory .
i have cm10 4.1.2 on my desire to get more space i partitioned the sd card ( using rom manager i think ) after struggling for some time to get a2sd working with no luck i downloaded mount2sd from google play - this app was great it just seemed to sort everything out with virtually no input from me . i dont understand it but i assume its a script that analyses the phones memory and then sends commands to a2sd to make it work best with the card - great for someone like me who likes things simple . might be worth a try martin
another work around is to use yahoo mail to export your facebook friends then import them into gmail . it is not a very sustainable workaround for keeping things in sync , but would make the initial sync much easier than manually duplicating the contacts .
so far , my only work-around is to recognize a new facebook contact , navigate away from it , manually create a new completely empty contact by the same name , link the two , then begin duplicating the data . this is cumbersome and should not be necessary .
you can not do this without using an alternative music player , but you can use an app like ringdroid to trim the song to the desired length .
even though the name does not say it , audio speed changer have this exact feature . you can pick a start and end marker , and you can play the selected section once or on repeat .
workaround - use google docs via a browser , and bookmark that page .
cm6/magic here ; my phone complains at 15% . if you are shutting down at 18 , something is wrong with your battery calibration . use your favorite recovery to wipe the battery stats , get a full charge , and then use the phone until the battery runs out . your battery life will appear to be worse , but it is really that the number is more accurate .
if you have a rooted phone which i assume you do since you are on cm6 , see this post detailing how to change the font of the clock on the lock screen . basically you need to replace clocktopia . ttf in the /system/fonts folder with your desired ttf font ( remember to rename new font as clocktopia . ttf ) and reset permissions to be similar to the old file . if you are willing to use widgetlocker , there is the freeware make your clock widget beta - that will , as the name suggests , allow a user to customise and create a clock widget as per your taste . you can then use this custom created widget in conjunction with widgetlocker .
if you have a rooted phone , you can always edit your hosts file to block known adult sites . trying to block all sites is an exercise in futility , unless you opt for a slight reversal of logic and use white-listing wherein only allowed websites are allowed to be connected to and all others are blocked . as of now , i am not aware of any app on android that offers this functionality . there are other avenues for adult content - the android market is one of them and blocking that seems counter-productive for a smartphone . also take a look @ droidwall - an app that only allows certain apps to access the net . * update : *trend micro 's paid app mobile security seems to have parental controls , although i can not vouch for the app 's efficacy . the user reviews do not paint a very comforting picture but a 30 day trial is available so you can test the app out yourself .
it may be worth contacting your carrier . i know vodafone uk , for example , offers some sort of parental control . though this would not monitor access over wifi .
k9 webprotection is out for android . seems like it does not work for some devices , though , as it is based on firefox . this can always be combined it with an app locker to block the default chrome browser .
it does not block content , but x3watch monitors what websites you visit . if you use that in conjunction with droidwall as suggested by sparx , or use an app protector to block/limit other apps , that may help . update : covenant eyes now has an app now available in the market . as with x3watch , it does not block sites ( though it may in the future ) but reports what websites you visit . it is officially a beta version , but seems to work well . the app itself is free , but usage requires a covenant eyes account - which also covers usage of any programs on the pc or mac .
t mobile has some sort of optional content filter also . i know that it only works when you are browsing over 3g/4g/edge , not wifi . i do not know how well it works though , as the only experience i had with it was it being turned on in error and me having to call to get it turned back off .
you will need to download official firmware . you can find it by searching " nexus one stock 2 . x rom " , and xda might be better than google . i would also look up how to use the android sdk to flash it , probably using flashboot through adb . i have a galaxy s which uses another tool , so i can not help with more detail without looking that up myself ; )
in the context of android , more ram means android can keep more sleeping program in the ram so they will be ready to be quickly resumed when you return back to the apps . more ram means android is going to spend less of its time killing and reloading apps from the internal memory/sd card , and instead spend more time doing actual work you care about . this means that more ram usually give you better/faster task-switching . also , more ram means your homescreen is less likely to be killed ; and you will not experience that 10-second-wait-that-feels-like-forever . having more ram also allows you to run complex apps that naturally requires a lot of memory , e.g. photo/video editor , complex games , etc . a higher cpu is able to calculate things much faster , while this might look tempting at first , it is notable that most programs -- except for games and synthetic benchmark and possibly flash-heavy webpages -- are i/o-bound and not cpu-bound ; in other word , most programs are waiting for network transmission , flash storage reads , dma reads , touch event processing , etc to finish , instead of waiting for some calculations . in cpu-bound application , increasing cpu speed can mean less latency between touching the screen and the screen updating to reflect the touch event . however , up to a certain point , there will be no longer any noticeable benefit of adding even more cpu ; beyond a certain point , the input turnaround will be much faster than our own brain 's turnaround time ( approx . 100-200ms ) and we will not be able to perceive the benefit of adding even faster cpu . also , note that input-to-output turnaround time depends on a large number of other factors , e.g. the latency of the cables , speed of the bus , etc . second , having some extra cpu time to spare also means that android can assign those spare cpu cycles to background processes , so background processes can run better . summary more ram : better task-switching can run more complicated apps or open larger/more complex files more cpu : faster turnaround between input and response ( less lag ) on cpu-bound apps better background processing in short , both are equally important ; your own personal usage pattern will determine which is more valuable for you . if you generally stays in a single program and is sensitive to input-to-output latency then having faster cpu will be more valuable for you ; if you constantly task switch between many different apps or if you need to run complex memory-hungry apps to open complex large files , then having extra ram is going to be more valuable to you .
in a phone most of the programs you will use are thinks like email , im , web browser , … this kind of apps does not need a powerful cpu , but given the fact that you will be using an android phone you will be running multiple applications at the same time which needs some extra cpu time , but more importantly , needs enough ram memory to accommodate all the applications . so , more than one or the other , the important thing in and android phone balance . with a 2ghz cpu and 512mb of ram you will be wasting cpu power because the phone will not have enough memory to accommodate sufficient applications to consume that amount of cpu cycles . the same occurs with a 500mhz cpu and 2gb or ram , the processor will not have enough cycles to execute enough applications to consume that amount of ram . so balance is the thing to consider . a cpu at 1ghz with 512 to 1gb of ram is a great combination . the same goes for a 600mhz with 256mb to 512mb ( a little underpowered for recent versions of andorid ) , or for a new two cores 1ghz cpu with 712mb or more of ram . given this considerations my recommendation will be to search for a phone with a 1ghz or more cpu and 1gb or more of ram , this phone will be powerful enough to run all the applications you will need in the next 2 years that is the maximum period of time you will be using the phone giving the evolution rate of the mobile technology .
well this is very subjective , because it depends what you are doing . first of all , true multitasking ( having multiple apps run ) requires a faster cpu , so that all the processes can run at a decent speed . you are right that for all these apps to remain in memory , you need more ram . i have 512 mb ram , and my processes only start getting killed if i run something that uses a ton like angry birds . on the other hand i have a 1 ghz processor and i never notice slowdowns regardless of what i am doing ( apart from angry birds bogging itself down during long plays ) . if you are doing email , twitter , facebook , web , etc . then you probably want more ram . if you want to play games then you need a decent amount of ram , but the processor and graphics chip is going to be more important . in general . another important consideration is i/o speed . if you have a samsung phone that uses rfs , install an ext4 lagfix &mdash ; you will notice a huge improvement . if you are recording hd video you may want a faster sd card ( we have questions about that ) , and so on . storage size is largely unrelated to performance , but you will want to consider that as well . many users kick themselves after installing a few apps and finding that they have run out of space . i highly recommend a device like my vibrant , which has an excessive 2 gb internal ( system+data ) storage ( and 14 gb internal sd , plus the external sd card ) .
it is actually the memory bandwidth that is most limiting . secondly , a good balance in specs , including ram size , processor speed and parallelism .
hi i was reading for the solution of this problem , and i found about adobe reader x for android , in this version of adobe exist an option that allows user view the pdf in presentation mode , here i leave an extract of the information i found from this link fit-to-screen viewing mode for those users who like to look at pdf documents one page at a time , reader x introduces a new “fit-to-screen” viewing mode in addition to the earlier continuous scroll mode . this mode is especially useful if you’re reading presentations . use the “view mode” menu option to switch to this mode . while in fit to screen mode , you can navigate across pages in two ways : 1 tap on the ‘hot zones’ near the left and right of the screen to take you to the previous or next page respectively , 2 swipe the screen horizontally towards the left or right to navigate to the next or previous page respectively . "
since there have not been any responses , i will record the solution that i have come up with so far , in case anyone else is interested . it is not quite perfect yet , so further answers / comments are certainly appreciated . apv pdf viewer has options that allow you to disable the visible zoom buttons , lock the horizontal scroll , increase the distance between pages , and bind the up/down and left/right keys to page up/down . setting these options , position the page in the middle of the screen . touching the screen right or left will forward a page , but if you are not careful , it will still lead to moving the page around . however , if you use a bluetooth remote ( as i do ) to forward the page , this is not a problem and it works pretty well . ezpdf reader does not seem to work for what i had in mind , as it does not seem to have an option that shows a 4x3 slide in full ( with black borders on the sides ) . on the other hand , it should be possible to compose the beamer slides in 16x9-mode , and then i think there are enough options to make this feasible . i have not tested this yet , as i have not yet spent any time on thinking what the best layout is for 16x9 slides . in the long run , this seems likely to be the best option .
i had the same problem and had to try out a bunch of apps . in addition to what you were looking for , i was also interested in the possibility to add comments during the presentation using the s-pen of my galaxy note . all the apps listed below support full page view , so there are in principle an options for presentations . moon reader pro this is an excellent ebook reader . you have to pay for the full version , since the free version wont support pdf display . you can select full-page mode . by default there is no transition effect . you can also annotate while viewing . the pdf quality is very good and i have not seen any lags . tons of options . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.flyersoft.moonreaderp aldiko book reader also a very good ebook reader that supports pdfs . very much the same as the moon reader , but it wont allow annotations . also moon reader has more options . the main advantage is that this reader is free . so try this one out first . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aldiko.android acrobat reader foxit and foxit mobile pdf lit both viewers are fast and allow annotations , but you cannot turn off the page transitions . very annoying for presentations . both apps are free . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.adobe.reader https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foxit.mobile.pdf.lite pdf viewer this viewer was first slow , but one can change the options such that it performs okay . it has no page transitions , but it wont allow you to annotate . free . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=the.pdfviewer3
android tracks events that affect battery usage and stores this information in batterystats . bin file . some examples : length of time screen was on with a specific brithness setting which application ( or non android app process ) and how long held a wake lock ( prevents device from sleeping ) cpu usage per process ( android app or other process ) phone signal strength gps usage etc . android computes how much power each application or component ( e . g . screen ) uses based on configuration information included on the device by the manufacturer . not everything is measured so the statistics can be sometimes misleading , but it gets better with every android platform release . battery statistics can be dumped from the device using : adb shell dumpsys batteryinfo  here is interesting fragment of a post by diane hackborn with more details about wake locks power consumption : there are two ways power from wake locks is computed . on some chipsets , simply holding a wake lock needs to prevent the cpu from going to a full deep sleep . in the reported battery usage , this extra power use will be distributed across all apps holding wake locks . even if the wake lock itself does not cause power use , holding a wake lock in one app can allow other applications to run and cpu when they would not otherwise . ( for example , some app may have a { sleep ( 1 ) ; do something ; } loop that would not run if no wake locks are held . ) to address this , half of the cpu usage of applications is distributed to be blamed on the ones holding wake locks .
i do not think there is any widely known issue with this . i am able to sign in to stackexchange automatically on my nexus s . i looked around at the android issue tracker and while there are a lot of results for " browser https " , none in the first 20 or so seemed pertinent . it might just be a problem local to your phone . i would try resetting it .
yes , it should be possible . if your android phone is rooted , just use a root explorer and inspect the app 's data under /data/data/ [ com . your . vpn . app 's . name ] use " adb backup " ( win/linux app here ) and extract it with adbextractor use helium ( an adb backup frontend ) , it produces the same backup type that is extractable with adbextractor like above . you can determine your apps internal name by finding it on google play and looking at the the url : e.g. , openvpn for android has de . blinkt . openvpn as internal name
free space here you must distinguish between the several partitions : /system: this is mounted read-only in normal mode , and the place where " the system " is installed ( android core apps plus most of the pre-installed " bloatware" ) . no matter if it shows "220 mb available " , as a normal user cannot make any use of that " free space " internal storage ( /data ) : this is where the user installs his apps , and where all the user data reside . most crucial part , and the place where your report states "11 mb free " -- which most likely will trigger the " insufficient memory " error , see insufficient-memory ) . to free up space here , you can do things like . . . uninstall apps you once installed but no longer need ( most efficient part ) move apps to sdcard ( see app2sd ) . apps must explicitly support this ( though there are root-methods to enforce the others , it might have side-effects ) . still , parts of those apps will remain here -- unless using things like link2sd . cleanup cache ( only temporarily helps , as cache will fillup again ) internal sdcard : some devices ( not all ) offer this as additional storage . app2sd may move apps to this place . aside from that , you can store files here ( documents , media files , etc . ) external sdcard : no need to explain this one , right ? unless you really know what you are doing , you should not manually change the partitioning ( e . g . to move some free space from /system to /data ) . you might break things , especially future updates ( where the android system may need more space than it currently does ) . sdcard just a short note on that . while one should no longer " save money " buying anything below class-4 , additional money for class-10 might be " wasted " . my recommendation is to go for class-6 as the best compromise between speed and spent money . compare the specs for read speed and write speed between class-6 and class-10 when in doubt . if you still want to go for class-10 , make sure your device supports it . swap controversely discussed nowadays . depends very much on how much ( physical ) ram you have available in your device , and what kind of apps you use . i tend to say with recent hardware and a recent android version ( 2.3 and higher ) there is no need to go for swap . the android system does a good job on handling memory , and if your device has 1 gb ( or more ) ram available , i do not see where swap would improve performance . but as said , that also might depend on what apps you are using . also for your question concerning swapper : keep in mind that swap only creates " temporary data " . so with " swap broken " , you could simply de-activate it without losing data ( as it holds no permanent data ) . partitioning as said above , i do not recommend to touch this yourself unless you are really experienced with it . rather leave it to the " experts " . especially i would never make the /system partition smaller , for given reasons : you might encounter problems with future updates -- not only with newer android versions , but also with different roms , as different roms also go with different selections of pre-installed apps . file system types i cannot imagine any tutorial recommending fat32 for /data -- you must have misread that . i even doubt fat32 would work here , as it imho does not allow for the unix permissions to be supported and required by /data . however , fat32 is recommended for the " data part " of the sdcard , for compatibility reasons : it is the file system readable by most operating systems . the " app partition " usually is /data , and many roms use ext4 here ( some older ones might still use yaffs2 instead ) . but coming to that point , i am pretty sure you misunderstood the " targets " -- and " app partition " versus " data partition " is referring to the sdcard , which brings us to the last point of your question : partitioning the sdcard this is usually not required but optional , and makes only sense in combination with either app2sd+ or link2sd to move apps out of the " internal storage " ( see above ) to gain free space in that most crucial place . it might need a little additional information : some apps support app2sd to move larger parts to the sdcard . however , with usb mass storage ( ums ) , when you connect your device via usb to a computer the entire sdcard would be " moved " there , and apps as well as data residing on it become " inaccessible " to the device itself . this is one of the reasons some apps will not support app2sd -- especially when providing widgets and/or services . several approaches exist to circumvent this problem : app2sd+ / link2sd use a second partition on the sdcard . android would only " give away " the first partition of the sdcard via ums , so this second partition remains untouched , and its data/apps/ . . . stay available to the device switching away from ums and using mtp ( media transfer protocol ) instead , the card is no longer offered to the pc " as a whole " ( i.e. . including physical access ) , but in a logical way the computer is permitted to access files on it . so even while mounted via mtp , the device has full access to the card . this is what recent android versions do -- though some users might have a hard time to get it working with their os 's where it is not always supported " out-of-the-box " . conclusion : if you want to stay with ums , a second partition on your sdcard might prove useful . switching to mtp instead , there is no need for that anymore , unless you want to use app2sd+/link2sd for other reasons ( e . g . not only move the apps , but also their data/dalvik cache ) .
matthew was right . though since most of the steps had been already done from original rooting , i simply redownloaded the superuser . zip and installed from recovery . fixed the problem . thanks .
from what i know ( and by no means am i an expert on rooting ) the phone with the red triangle is the standard htc recovery mode , not the clockworkmod recovery . so my guess is that your rooting method is not working correctly . so , what method are you using and is your desire branded / locked to a network ? when i rooted my desire a few weeks back , i struggled to get clockworkmod installed - i was using the unrevoked method . i ended up having to factory reset the device to be able to install it , which is always an option , but you will lose all your saved date ( i am having to replay all the angry birds levels ) .
see also : how can i stop applications and services from running ? first , i strongly caution against messing with this . if an app is hogging system resources or otherwise being a problem , uninstall it . android is designed to manage running services and apps automatically , and manual interference is tricky and can cause various problems . there are apps that claim to allow you to edit start-up processes ( example ) , but i do not trust them . many of them either do nothing or simply force close the app every time it starts . many services auto-restart so your phone will never sleep , the services will just be run and closed over and over . many of these apps do not require root , so i would be surprised if they could do anything at all . with root , you can use an app like autostarts to manage which apps are triggered by events . this is not quite the same as preventing apps from running at startup , but it can help prevent them from restarting after they have been killed . i recommend titanium backup for uninstalling system apps . make sure you do not remove actual android os apps/services , just third-party apps that have been protected ( e . g . bundled software like you had get on windows ) . some of these apps are more important than they appear ( i hear motorola phones have a lot of " useless " apps that the system relies on for no good reason ) , so use the backup feature of titanium first . ( note that if you break something badly , you may not be able to get into the phone to restore and fix it ! ) be very careful how you use all of these tools . if you remove or disable a system process , you can make your phone unusable .
an android app should have a good reason to start at system boot . to discover the apps that are able to start at system boot , install aspotcat and list all apps that are able to receive the " boot completed " intent . if you believe that an app of this list should not start at system boot and if this app does not provide an option to disable this behavior , uninstall that app . also , i would not uninstall any system services/apps . as others said before , android does a good job in managing the limited resources of a smartphone . do not take your windows paradigm along to android . btw , the intent system that enables " start at boot " apps has nothing to do with the linux on which android runs .
hold down the back button for 3 seconds . still holding the back button press the power button once and release both buttons .
try clearing the appdata and cache . still if your problem isnt solved try unstalling the updates you have done to the app . you can do all this by goin to the settings then application manager select the app and do whats mentioned above
if you are using a wireless router , what is the brand and model ? your device should be able to connect to the router regardless if you have internet or not . unless the wireless network was disabled instead of the internet connection . cheers .
got it - went to wifi-> advanced-> unchecked " auto network switch . " it seems to be something specific to samsung phones with android 4.3: see here
unfortunately i do not think there is any way for a user of an app to do that , i am pretty sure it would require the developer to add that extra " intent " as an option to their app before it could appear in that app chooser box . there are apps that specialize in this behaviour though , and should appear as options in the app chooser box for web links : inbrowser is " a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience " , which should appear in that list of browsers and work as an incognito browser . incognito browser " automatically operates in incognito or private browsing mode "
if its on the default apps of your phone , go to google play store and download root explorer , from there , prese the buttons befote the micro sd card simbol , then locate and press app/system apps , find superuser and delete it from the internal phone .
there are a few scenarios that might explain what is going on . superuser app binaries need to be updated open your superuser app and check for any updates to the binaries . the binary is what gives that superuser app the right to grant or deny other apps superuser priviliges . if it is outdated or has been replaced by a different binary , you may need to update it to get it working again . root priviliges denied permanently for the app when an app requests superuser access , a superuser app generally prompts the user to Allow or Deny . usually , it also gives the option to follow the same action temporarily , for a set time , or permanently ( depending on the superuser app you use ) . if you deny an app root privileges permanently , it will likely cause the app to pause when asking the system for root privileges until it times out . check your superuser app to make sure titanium backup is not marked as deny . lack root you may have lost root access ( possibly during an automatic over the air update ) , which would be why the app requesting superuser rights is failing . most superuser apps display a toast or other message anytime an app requests root privileges ( along with whether that request was granted or denied ) . alternate superuser app another superuser app may have been installed to take over requests for sudo access . if you know you have root , check for other superuser apps . they usually have " super " in them , though this is not a guarantee . very slow device on my old phone , there would be times when the cpu was bogged down ( ex right after bootup ) . if i tried to open a root app , it would ask for root rights , then time out before the superuser app could process the request . this usually only happened for an app that caused a prompt to allow or deny , but it still happened on occasion with apps that had been granted access forever .
looking at this which caught my eye : sounds like a botched install of the superuser app in itself . where did you get the app from as matter of curiousity ? thing is , there is two versions of superuser apps and are not interchangeable , its either one app or the other , both mutually exclusive . one by koushik dutta and one by noshufou i would be more inclined to think that this particular one was a mix ' n ' match version . try downloading the " proper " version either on the play store .
is it a google apps account ? if so , you need to flick some settings in the domain manager : Settings-&gt;Calendar-&gt;Share all information and/or Share all information, and outsiders can change calendars . have you tried going into the calendar settings and checking `share this calendar with others ' ? wait a while . google calendar settings changes often take a while to propagate , i have found ( at least with google apps ) . possibly because the server i am making my changes on is different from the server that my phone is hitting up .
the screen is glass . since the release people were having issues with the screen due to the glass sometimes cracking when in tight pockets . . . this would usually not occur with plastic since plastic is a little bit more flexible . htc says broken glass means nexus one not for pocket design : solid , but not groundbreaking
pansi sms supports inbox-style sms . in step 2 of the setup wizard , you will be asked to choose either : conversations message box - this is what you want
i do not think that android supports external bluetooth adapters . from this google+ post it seems like cyanogenmod is adding support for it soon . depending on what device you have you may be able to root and install this . if this is not an option then you would need to provide more details on what device you are trying to use the dongle with .
i do not know cwm , but twrp ( which supports your smartphone ) allows you to mount the /sdcard partition via usb . if you have got troubles with the latest version , try an older one ( i had some problems too in the past with another phone ) . if that is still ro , you may need to format it ( always in the twrp menu ) . as a plus , it is a 100% touch screen recovery !
if your version of cwm recovery has the “install zip from sideload” option in the main menu ( looks like such recovery version for htc one x exists ) , you can use this option to install from a zip file which is stored on your computer without copying it to the sd card : select the “install zip from sideload” option in the recovery menu . run the following command on your computer : adb sideload UPDATE.zip  where UPDATE.zip is the zip file you want to install . you may need to update your adb executable if it does not understand the sideload subcommand . note that currently there is no confirmation when the “install zip from sideload” command is selected , and also no way to abort the sideload mode once it is entered , therefore if you enter the sideload installation mode without a way to give the adb sideload UPDATE.zip command , the only way out would be to pull the battery ( on some phones holding the power button for 10­­–15 seconds to force a reboot also works ) . or , if you entered the sideload mode , but do not actually want to install a zip package , run something like adb sideload /dev/null , or use any small file which is not a zip package . the sideload option is primarily made for phones which do not have internal fat32-formatted storage , but should also work on other models . one important limitation is that the zip file is temporarily downloaded into the phone ram ( it is placed into /tmp/update.zip , which is in ramfs ) , therefore , depending on ram size of your phone , you may not be able to install large packages this way .
your local independent phone repair shop or market trader will probably sim-unlock your phone for around a fiver , or you can probably negotiate it as a free service if you are buying something else there . it is not quite free , but if you value your time at all , it is probably cheaper than faffing around trying to do it yourself .
i recently searched for a free a unlock code but all seemed to be a scam . so i ended paying for my unlocking code to unlockcode4u . com which was really quick and worth it ! ! i could have saved lots of time going straight to them .
unlocking your htc one for free may not unlock it permanently . so it would be better to pay someone else who would be able to unlock your phone for affordable rates . i do not have any personal experience in cellunlocker so cannot comment on this . i usually unlock phone with the help of simpleunlocking . com and get free unlocking instructions with the help of mobileunlockguide . com .
go in that particular contact--> press ' menu button'--> select ' history ' you will see all the calls to that particular contact . press menu--> select ' delete '
on nexus s , touch the call log detail ( yellow in op image ) to bring up contact log . press menu button to get " remove from call log " option .
if you touch an individual item in the call log , and press the menu ( vertical ellipsis ) you will see a " clear from call log " option .
press on the " contact image " on the left to bring up the contact . press vertical dots in the top right corner to get " remove from call log " ( removes all log entries for this contact ) .
on your phone . you can install firefox if you not already have it . then open firefox and install this extension named https everywhere . it forces every site to load in https if it has https capability . it includes youtube in its list , so it may solve your problem for using youtube in https mode on your android .
google chrome application for android the google chrome application for android comes with some sync features as to allow users to keep their web-experience mirrored to other devices or desktop computers . you need to be signed in on the services screen : if you are not on the sign-in services screen , touch menu > settings > your email address to manage your sign-in options . you can adjust your sync settings from the services screen : touch sync to adjust your settings . you can either set the sync to affect all data or specify each data is intend to be synced : enable the service : use the blue slider at the top of the screen to enable or disable the service . define what is to be synced : if you do not want to sync everything , deselect the sync everything checkbox and choose the data you had like to sync . encrypt your data : touch encryption to choose whether to use your google account password or a custom passphrase to protect your data . rest the sync service : touch reset sync to remove synced data from your account . if you have forgotten your sync passphrase , use this option to reset the passphrase . note : to fully take advantage of this feature , make sure you are signed in to chrome on other devices , such as your computer or tablet . additional documentation about this can be found at google chrome support page for sync data . google web history google takes care of this for you as long as you have logged yourself into your google account on every browser and/or device you use . additionally , using history . google . com , you can manage the information stored : what i most enjoy with this is the fact that all my searches are synced between mobile , desktop and laptop , saving me precious time .
the following may work : download an app called sms backup+ from play which backs up texts to gmail . from there , it should be simple enough to forward .
in my experience the division of texts like this has more to do with the carrier . for instance , i am on t-mo . . and texts i get from other t-mo users are never split . this is not a limitation of the device so much as it is a limitation with simplemessagesyntax
download stock rom from samsung firmwares link for drivers and odin drivers and odin if needed enter download mode . when getting to odin choose the firmware file ( not zip ) and insert it to pda . dont do repartition . start the flashing this should return your phone to normal stock . . however if you repartition you need to find the reparition file for the rom version ( 4.3 ) if you have problems check here i will help you about drivers : delete kies and all drivers installed via samsung download only drivers and installed them odin and kies not play well toghter
if you have access to the download mode , then nothing is lost . i suggest you not to repartition the device first , just try to get a standard rom flashing done . based on my experience odin usually fails because of driver issues ( i had plenty of problems using win 8.1 x64 , while just doing the exact same procedure on win7 worked well ) also if you had usb debugging enabled , you might catch what is the problem during the startup/bootloop using logcat . with some luck you might push the missing files to your device as well .
i tried the exact same procedure , with odin 1.84 but on w7 x86 instead of w7 x64 and it went just fine . at the first attempt , i successfully flashed my device with a stock rom . your answers are all right , and black magic or not , for my particular issue i think the answer is use odin1.84 with a 32 bit system .
beware : the instructions are for clean installing an os . that means all your data will be permanently lost . if your phone was previously rooted it will be brought back to an unrooted state ( whether you want it or not ) . please , remember to make backups of any important data on your phone . it will be lost . 1 . turning on usb debuging turn on usb debugging on your device : go to system settings / developer options and check " usb debugging " . 2 . fastboot you will need the fastboot tool . it is an official google command line tool intended for developers . you can follow the official instructions for installing the tool , but they are pretty complicated . if you are on mac os x or linux you should probably do what i have done and use the adb-fastboot-install open source tool . just download it , unzip it and use one of the following command line instructions ( depending on your operating system ) : sh ADB-Install-Mac.sh  or sh ADB-Install-Linux.sh  obviously while doing that you need to be inside the directory containing those files . there are plenty of instructions on how to install fastboot on windows ( for example this one ) . see also user17512 's answer for an alternative method for windows users . 3 . going to device 's fastboot mode you need to connect the device to your computer using a usb cable and then access your device 's fastboot mode : on nexus s : turn off your phone . press and hold volume up , then press and hold power . on galaxy nexus , nexus 5 and nexus 10 : turn off your phone . press and hold both volume up and volume down , then press and hold power . on nexus 4 and nexus 7 : turn off your device . press and hold volume down , then press and hold power . 4 . unlocking the bootloader execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem unlock  note : this step will remove all your data from the device . 5 . downloading the factory image download the factory image for your particular device and your desired android version directly from google . 6 . installing the system unpack the archive ( if you are on windows you will probably need to download additional software for unpacking . tar . gz files . 7-zip will do the job . mac and linux users have all the required software installed already ) . go inside the newly unarchived directory and execute the following command : ./flash-all.sh  note : this will wipe all data from your device after some time your device should reboot and boot to your newly installed operating system : ) 7 . relocking your bootloader this step is not strictly necessary , but it is a good idea for security reasons . reboot to the fastboot mode again ( see step 2 above ) and execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem lock  this worked great for me , i hope it will be helpful to other people : )
if you have windows , the excellent nexus root toolkit will automate the process that was given here into a one click ' flash to stock and unroot ' plus an additional option to oem lock afterwards . of course it will unlock and root just as easily and other advanced features . you can get it at : http://www.wugfresh.com/dev/nexus-root-toolkit/
there is no way to limit the cache of browsers or apps , however you could use one of many cache cleaner apps to sweep the cache/temp files in one stroke . take a look at dolphin browser as well - it has an option to store the cache on the sd card , so that will eliminate your space problem . there is also the option of clearing the cache/history each time you exit the browser . also has sync , extensions and flash support ( depending on your device ) . btw - i do not think opera mini stores a cache as opera mobile does . opera mini does however store pages in folders specified by the user .
from the reviews on that app , it sounds like they are doing part of it in their app , and part of it by sending you to the website . this may well be two separate authentications . the official google docs app is now part of google drive , have you tried that to see if it works more how you had want ? it does not ask me for any authentication when i use it .
you are right that android is supposed to be integrated . well it is , but it does not happen magically , developers need to make it so . this specific app is a beta and it was last updated more than a year ago . it is a safe bet that the developer ( s ) abandoned the project . i recommend that you install the official google drive app . it does not ask for your password and it is regularly updated . applications that can use the integrated authentication system require various permissions in the " your accounts " category .
probably the easiest way is to use x-parts ( formerly known as cwm installer ) .
looking at the google 's sdk download page : this caught my eye under the section ' oem drivers ' the galaxy nexus driver , however , is distributed by samsung ( listed as model sch-i515 ) . might be worth a shot to try that instead . the alternative is to try this other usb download from the same site here . the final linky to an alternative site to get this to work can be found here which comes with a edited minimal sdk download purely to get the drivers to work . if not , then why not temporarily download the whole sdk ( have no choice here and is totally unavoidable ) and just extract the usb drivers from there and wipe the sdk instead , and if you do , be sure to make a backup copy of the usb drivers ! : )
you should get the proper usb driver via the sdk manager ( which is the the tool you will run when installing the sdk ) . the first step in installing the sdk , is starting the ' sdk manager " , and downloading an android api package ( ie . the code to develop for a specific api ) in the list of options , is an ' extras ' section - that contains the official usb driver for android developer devices ( of which the nexus s is one ) . download that driver for best results . you will not need to install the whole sdk using this method , but will need to start down that path , in order to get the proper driver . good luck .
download the proper sdk api for nexus and more-over you have to download the proper driver , if you have already installed the driver please uninstall it and then reinstall the driver , then it will work fine as i faced the same problem a couple of months ago . but this option worked for me .
the image shows that you have downloaded the factory image archive , but it is not the official one . i would suggest that you read the instructions on the official page , factory images for nexus devices and download the archive from there . this includes the tools needed to flash the image . download the android sdk which contains the necessary tools here you need to have fastboot in your path put your device into fastboot mode with the bootloader unlocked and connected to a pc extract the downloaded archive to a directory you should see the following files : bootloader-mako-makoz30d . img flash-all . bat flash-all . sh flash-base . sh image-occam-kot49h . zip radio-mako-m9615a-cefwmazm-2.0.1700.98 . img run the flash-all.bat file with administrator privileges ( i.e. . right-click and Run as Administrator... ) the process will flash your device with the stock rom , assuming the previous steps were done correctly .
aha ! the trick is to enable web history . after doing so , i now see addresses for my contacts ( my " people" ) in maps when i search for them by name .
the below is from google support and it also includes ipad / iphone support for anyone that may be relevant to . search for a contact’s address google contacts see home and work addresses for friends , family and colleagues in your google contacts on the map . here 's how to find a contact 's address on the map : 1 . open the google maps app . 2 . to sign in , touch the person icon next to the search box . if your person icon is filled in , you’re already signed in . 3 . in the search box at the top , start typing a name . ` suggested contacts will appear in the search results . 4 . touch a result to see that person 's address on the map . if your account is managed by your company or another organisation , you can not currently search for contacts . as per the op finding the solution himself , you need to enable web history for this functionality to work .
evidently , the google voice app does not support conference codes or other extensions . ( at least not yet . ) to call an extended number through the google voice service , dial as though the gv app were not installed , or as if you were calling from something other than a smartphone : dial your own google voice phone number . if voicemail access is not enabled for the number you are calling from , press * to access the gv menu . enter your pin , if required . press 2 ( to tell the gv service you wish to place a call ) . enter the conference phone number , and press # . gv will connect you . proceed as normal for calling the desired number ( i.e. . , enter the extension , the conference-room number , the passcode , etc . ) . so , the contact is programmed with a number like this : 612-555-4321,[PIN,]2,800-555-1234#,,1234567890# . ( as i understand it , this is a limited application of the process flex dialer uses . ) if you have the gv app installed , then use another app like voice plus or voice choice to exclude this contact from gv . ( this is a consolation to what was originally asked for , which requested fewer exceptions to the phone 's gv dialing rules . should not be a big problem , though . ) if you have your gv number associated with a contact for yourself or your voice mail , then that is the contact that will appear in your phone 's call history . however , the " real " contact will show in your google voice call history .
in a google voice support thread , some people are indicating that ' p ' in the phone number field will add a 1 second pause . however , someone else ( in the " accepted answer" ) says that google voice does not currently support pause or wait characters . i do not think android will let you put numbers in a phone number field , but it might be worth a try . on a slightly different tack , have you tried a semi-colon instead of a comma ?
first , i am an pure android user . i have never owned an mac , so i can not comment on everything . since both use ical , some kind of sync should be possible . but i would not recommend that . imap is no problem and you lose nothing . imap is supported by android 's mail client and k-9 . you do not need gmail for contact sync . i would recommend using google contacts . android 's philosophy is much about cloud backup and restore , therefore it is a feature of android . but since google can not fore the apps to use that or even force the manufactures to enable the backupagent it is not 100% available for non-google apps/devices . but if you have root and titaniumbackup , the device can easily be saved and restored completely . no problem at all here . it should work with any modern android device . can not comment on that i think that if you buy an android device you should also use the google services ( besides gmail in you case , but that is no problem . i also do not use gmail , but everything else ) . so for 1 . 3 . and 6 that is google calendar , google contacts , google docs ( now google drive , good for notes ) and google todo . if you ok with having your data within the google cloud . but the synchronization is just awesome . you can use every google service with the google webapps ( or chrome apps ) from you mac other solutions are most likely some 3rd party tools that try to build a bridge from the google world to apple . which may or may not work , may needs to be purchased , etc . there are just to many pitfalls that impair the experience .
recently helped someone figure this out for another device , and the same method will probably work here : grep all of the configs for config_android to select only those configs that enable the various android kernel customizations . rule out any that have substantially fewer matching lines than others . then examine those that match ( hopefully only a very few ) to see which mention samsung , or the codename of the device or something like that .
have you tried http://opensource.samsung.com ? there is usually a readme file in the zip that will yield the clue : ) also , is it cdma/4g/lte/gsm version ? and the specific model name ? those two are important to ascertain before downloading the right source from samsung 's site : ) i downloaded gt-i900p_ics_opensource . zip from there and the config file was u1_nfc_defconfig in arch/arm/configs . however i realized i downloaded the wrong version as the clue is in the existing kernel version - 3.0.15- i9100m . . . . which is the gt-i9100m is what you are looking for : )
i think this is as designed . when an initial talk request comes in from one of your contacts , google do not know which screen you are paying most attention to at the time . once you reply to the message from either the pc or mobile , further notifications in that conversation should only appear on the device that you replied from . you can totally turn off notifications on one clienmt or the other , but that does not sound like what you are after ? to turn off notifications totally on your mobile , open the talk app , press menu then select settings , and take the tick out of " im notifications : notify in status bar when im arrives " . the google talk application and web app are blocked on the pc i am using at the moment , so can not give exact directions , but there should be a similar option to disable notifications there . see also how do gmail ( desktop ) and talk ( android ) chats interact ?
as per how to hide updates from market ? you can detach the app from market using titanium backup . long press the app and click detach from market . but bear in mind that this feature is available only in donate version of the app .
you should be able to configure auto update via the market place . open the market place go to my apps and find adobe flash player and untick the " allow automatic updating " box .
i faced the same issue with my d1 droid and simply uninstalled it . the youtube ap picks up 99% of what i would use the flash player for anyway .
just leave the damn app alone , it is black and uninviting anyway , and install a more appealing sms app , try go sms or handcent sms .
it is possible , but unlikely , that it is being killed by the android automatic killer to free up ram , but as the samsung galaxy s2 has 1 gb of ram this is unlikely . one other explanation is that you are accidentally pressing the home button while you type , or are pressing something on your keyboard that has the same effect . if possible , install the drivers for your device , download adb + required dll 's , and type into a command prompt : logcat &gt;&gt; logcat.log  then make it happen . this will dump all of the logs to the logcat . log file . you could then paste this into pastebin , for us to have a look at .
you can try to investigate this issue more deeply based on system logs . install some application to grabbing logs from device ( for example sendlog ) . when you application crashes , then grab system log in which should be placed callstack started in your application . getting logs should be done asap after crash , because these files rotate .
i would try going in to Settings -> Applications -> Manage Applications -> All and select the messaging app . then the clear data for the application . there may be something in the data that is corrupt and causing an issue . i know this does not necessarily solve the problem , but you can try using another sms application , like handcent sms for example . i personally never liked the messaging application that comes in touchwiz ( samsung 's additions/changes to android ) , which is why i moved to a custom rom as soon as a stable one was made available . that is not the answer for everyone , but replacing the messaging app with a 3rd party app is " the next best thing " .
you should probably try looking at what processes are running , you probably have a game or application with some services maybe even something with an sms intent grabber to read when you have messages and alert you or whatever . avast is good for monitoring applications resources and uninstalling them if you do not like doing it in the settings . it also puts up applications by permissions which make it easy to see if something is grabbing sms messages off the intent . it is free , you do not need to root , and as long as you do not do the admin mode easy enough to uninstall .
you should ensure that you dismount or " eject " the storage from your pc before turning off storage sharing from your device or disconnecting it . the pc may not flush all writes and properly close resources until you do that , leaving the device storage in a bad state . in windows , you can right-click the drive in windows explorer and choose " eject " or do the same from the safely remove hardware icon near the clock on the start bar : http://windows.microsoft.com/en-ca/windows7/safely-remove-devices-from-your-computer as i noted in chat , android has also been pretty finicky with homescreen shortcuts ( my sgs loses all shortcuts to apps on the sd card upon reboot , for example ) . it could be that you are seeing the same thing here , and the apps are not really being deleted .
problem is that i can not down load the file manager to do this . you can download a file manager from the browser and install it . oi file manager avaible from the web page as are many others if you search around .
this was annoying me for ages . logcat would disappear or the phone would need to be reconnected to the usb for adb to see it properly . what worked for me was using one of the rear usb ports on my pc . the front ones probably were going through a dodgy hub or perhaps dodgy usb hub software . so if you are using front usb ports , try the ones on the rear .
switching from usb 3.0 port to usb 2.0 solved the problem for me . most laptops come with both port types these days .
i was having the same issue with my nexus 4 , running cyogenmod 11 on windows 8 . i was plugging in using a usb splitter and my phone would keep disconnecting within seconds of being recognized by logcat / ddms . switching to a physical port on my machine did the trick . in my case the front usb ports worked fine .
to me it sounds you have some bad hardware or drivers at home . make sure you do not have anything related to kies running ; kies + samsung windows drivers seem to cause erratic behavior on usb connection that differs between machines . . . try different usb ports and cables first , tho .
adb on debian/ubuntu is currently as 1.0.29 connecting to android 4.2.2+ devices requires 1.0.31 which causes this error https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/android-tools/+bug/1131163 you can either manually install the latest android development kit or wait until the debian folks upgrade teh package
same issue here ; i use adb on gnu/linux with no additional drivers . workaround solution : unplug and replug usb http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=17111464#post17111464
i used to have the same problems and also my logcat would clear and stop updating in eclipse , the difference is i was on an official samsung rom then . after i switched to darky 's rom the stability has been much better . still , every now and then the device disappears , but usually it reappears after reattaching the usb . my pc is a bit different from yours ( atom d525 , win7 ) so i can confirm it is not restricted to a single device/os . i would suggest reflashing the rom or updating if possible . or you could try it with another phone to see if it is an error specific to your phone . on the other hand , adb is not the stablest of software , so it could be just annoying hiccups .
solution is found here : stackexchange-url just follow that instruction and its easy .
or you can just email the text to yourself in gmail or something and pick it up from there .
what a pain , i know . . . same thing on windows , linux , etc . too i think . . . my solution . . . ( after a little bit of preliminary set up , but after that it is very fast to use every time after that for the most part ) - really wish i did not have to do all this setup in the first place and " it just worked " like the iphone/ipad ios simulator does with this kind of stuff , but ( grumble , grumble . . . ) i run the free version of the abyss web server ( starts up in about 1 second on a fast computer ) on my mac . i am usually running it anyway as a test server and if it is not running , like i said its starts up in about a split second and it has extremely low overhead on cpu , memory , etc . - it is also nice that you can see that it is running in your dock so you notice to shut it off when you do not need it . btw , i you can also do this with the built-in apache web server ( sudo apachectl start , etc . ) , mamp , etc . but i do not do that with this for a variety of my own reasons . anyway , within the abyss server ( inside the root htdocs directory ) i keep a basic html file called " clip . html " with the proper head tags , etc . so it can display via web browsers . i then keep the " clip . html " file open in a text editor like bbedit and paste whatever text i want to transfer to the avd into the " clip . html " file 's body area . i can then pull up the " clip . html " file on the avd through my local ip address ( because currently the avd does not work with the " localhost " address . . . sigh ) . for example while my ios simulator iphone is perfectly happy with localhost:8000/htdocs/clip.html , for android 's avd 's i have to instead quickly check to see which local dhcp ip address my computer is assigned to by my router and use that instead ( cowtip : find it with terminal : ipconfig getifaddr en1 ) . if you move around a lot with a laptop and it changes a lot , it might be good to use a different method with an external web server with a domain name and user/pass or use some other advanced techniques i will not get into here ) anyway , aside from all that stuff , for example , this works where i am located right now with my abyss web server up and running : 192.168.0.69:8000/htdocs/clip.html i then type that url into the android avd 's browser url window , go to it and save it as a bookmark for future use . as you probably already know , you will need to config the avd so it works with your keyboard to type it in . from now on ( as long as my internal ip address does not change with my location ) , i just click on that bookmark and there is all the text that i have pasted into the body of the " clip . html " file . if the text changes , i refresh the avd 's browser and there it is . i can of course select it and copy the text within the avd at this point . it even works with really old android platforms as well ( if they can access an url with the browser , it'll work ! ) . cowtip : if i am testing websites or various local urls with the avd 's browser , etc . i can of course also add html links into the " clip . html " file that i can simply click on within the avd 's browser and go to their locations . ( not as cool , easy and quick as simply dragging an url 's favicon from your safari browser to the ios simulator 's iphone , etc . but that is the beauty of using apple 's stuff , is not it ? ) cowtip #2: be sure and make the text size in the " clip . html " file large for mobile . just do that in the css style in the head code of the " clip . html " file . cowtip #3: if you change locations , be sure and update your ip address in the url and avm 's bookmark . i have some other proprietary methods that automate many steps above with custom scripts i wrote , but i have to charge for my time to customize it for some else 's setup , sorry . but , even without the scripts , everything above works great overall . hopefully , some day android will make their emulator as good as apple makes the ios simulator in this regard . there is other ways to do this , but i like this way the best because of its compatibility with older android platforms and the ability to click links , etc . disclaimer : i am not responsible if you do not know how to protect your server from getting hacked , etc . with proper configuration/firewall/etc . and if your computer explodes , etc . regards , cowicide p.s. if someone knows a better way , please share ! p.s. s . i should note you can also do this with google drive and set up a document , but then you are sharing your data with a third party and if they get hacked ( so does your data ) . and there is chrometophone , but then again , you are sharing the data in the cloud with a third party with that as well . if you work with sensitive data such as classified government/corporate stuff , etc . you should use my method since all the data stays on your machine . i work with sensitive data , so i can not use those easier methods except at times when i am working on things that are not involving sensitive data .
if you are testing on > = 2.2 emulator , then you should be able to use chrometophone or foxtophone to send text into the clipboard .
not sure if it is possible as i do not work with or use an android emulator . what you can do however is place the text you want to copy in a text file and push it to the emulator . once there , open it and copy the contents that way .
if you are connected to the internet and regularly need to paste text into emulator , then one nice way would be to create a dropbox account . link it to a dropbox folder on your mac . install dropbox on your emulator and link it to your account . thereafter , make any text you want , put it in a text file and paste it into your dropbox folder on your mac . then all devices linked to your dropbox account get synced automatically . open dropbox on your emulator and retrieve the text file .
an unlocked bootloader is the precondition to mod a phone . it is not the same as having root ; it just allows you to install a custom recovery and a different boot . img . you need to flash a cwm recovery and a compatible gain-root . zip or just start all over and install a real rom like cyanogenmod ( hope your model 's supported ) what you gain from having an unlocked bootloader : fastboot access . these are the most important commands ( 'boot ' may be missing though ) : fastboot boot boot.img ( boot to boot . img without flashing ) fastboot flash recovery CWM.img ( install a custom recovery ) what you have to do to gain root : if your htc supports the fastboot boot 'foo.img' command , use this to launch a temporary clockworkmod recovery from here or find a suitable cwm in your phone 's xda forum . if your model only supports the fastboot flash 'recovery.img' , you have to install the recovery permanently to the phone 's recovery partition . after that you have to install supersu ( see this thread on xda , search for cwm installable zip : cwm-supersu-v0.98 . zip ) via the recovery 's install zip from sdcard or adb sideload feature . this pushes both the su binary and the superuser . apk to your phone . after that you have root and can enjoy all those cool root apps .
this turned out to be a hardware issue . i had two relatively pleasant conversations with tech support at google play and asus . since it was a new purchase i just returned it .
before updating make full backup of your data . for update using computer you just need to flash system partition using fastbootfastboot flash system system.img , where system img available at image-nakasi-jop40c.zip available inside nakasi-jop40c-factory-6aabb391.tgz , what you can download from google nexus factory images page . using scripts from tgz archive will erase your data without prompt ! dont't flash data , even as you got bootloop ( it can be , if you has applications , incompartible with new version of firmware ) .
unless your launcher specifically supports it then no . some launchers allow you to easily uninstall by long clicking and then dragging to an uninstall option , some require you to do it all manually . you may wish to search for alternate launchers from google play if you really want to be able to do this .
yes , drag it to the trash can but hover there a few extra seconds . * you should then get prompted to answer ' are you sure you want to remove this app ? ' also , if the app cannot be deleted because it came pre-installed , then this will just remove its shortcut . this is dependent upon the launcher .
yes indeed . android 2.2 and higher supports microsoft exchange security policies as well as administrator applications .
this button is normally greyed out when there are not any defaults set ( and possibly when there are no other applications to change the defaults to ) . if you install another voice recording app , you should be asked which you want to use the next time a voice recording event is triggered . this normally does not get triggered when you start up the voice recorder manually , it has to be triggered .
i recently had the same problem when rooting my nexus s , i found that instead of letting windows try and find the driver in the folder choose the Let me choose a driver on the PC and then pick the android phone drivers and the driver was ( in my case ) the Google Nexus S ADB Interface however you will be looking for the particular driver your phone needs .
installing the driver from the xda dev website should solve this issue . ( there is also a driver and a tutorial on the unrevoked website . but the this driver did not work for me . while the driver from the xda dev worked every time . ) you essentially need to download the adb_driver_htc.zip file and view the hardware id of your htc device ( properties dialog of the device in device manager ) and make sure it matches the id in the inf file for this driver . you then need to update the driver for the device ( in device manager ) with the missing driver ( yellow triangle with exclamation mark ) .
if you go to settings -> storage , then hit the menu button , you will find an item called usb computer connection . here you can set usb settings .
at first note that the i9023 is the nexus s ( with s-lcd ) and not a nexus one . here 's ifixit is teardown . here 's what ifixit says : the em-tech eme1511afrc integrates the earpiece speaker , loudspeaker for speakerphone and media use , and a sensor bank all into one unit with a singular shared data connector . that sensor bank includes at least the proximity sensor , a light sensor ( for lcd dimming ) and maybe some of the rest of the sensors ( accelerometer , gyro , compass ) .
the black plastic , the one that is connected with those hf wires is the phone speaker , ihf speaker . the unit i showed is the earpiece speaker and a proximity sensor , an integrated circuit . the thing is that the integrated circuit is the one with the data connector to the motherboard and the phone-speaker 's wires are soldered with two wires of the integrated circuit to receive data . my earpiece wires were cut . so if i replace only the integrated circuit , i can solder the right wires , like they did originally , onto my existing speaker 's wires . problem could be solved by soldering .
estimated , at least 50% of the questions starting with " is there a way ( settings or app ) . . . " can be answered straight away with the " big t " -- tasker . that is an automation tool which does not come cheap ( about 5 bucks ; a free trial is available at its homepage ) , but is worth every cent . it works with so-called " profiles " , where each profile consists of conditions and a task . so let me propose such a profile for you : condition : cell near ( set this up at work , let tasker record all " cells near" ) 1 state &rarr ; headset plugged ( check " invert " to make it the opposite ) task : audio &rarr ; silent 2 1 this refers to your provider 's mobile cell towers , and is the " cheapest " location mode in terms of battery ( as the cells must either be scanned for calls/sms/mobile data being available ) . if that is not exact enough , you may add gps location or wifi near ( to scan for e.g. your office 's wifi ap ) -- which then only kick in as soon as one of the listed cells is detected , again to save your battery . 2 check whatever you want here . you could completely silence your phone ( that would affect ringtone and phonecalls as well ) , but you probably just want the media volume set to zero . so what happens with that profile ? as soon as you come near to your workplace ( "cell near " , the mobile tower ( s ) close to the office ) , and the headset is not connected , media volume ( assuming you chose that ) will be silenced -- as the condition is completely met ( "at office , headset not plugged" ) . now you start your player and hear -- nothing . but once you plug the headset in , the condition is no longer valid -- and tasker reverts to the settings as they have been before the profile was activated ( so you can hear music via headphones ) .
that is something i would say is impossible without rooting . safe mode is for the case an app goes havoc , so it must disable all user apps ( for the havoc-app to not be started , so one can uninstall it or clear its cache/data ) . which means , in order to exclude an app from being excluded ( oops ) , this app must be " converted " to be a system app ( i.e. . it must be installed on the /system partition ) -- which only is possible with root-permissions ( or if the app ships within the rom ) .
tunein radio has channels for bbc radio , other radio streaming apps probably have them too . tunein is a good app , the pro version even lets you record . i am not sure what other features the pro has over the lite version , but i use tunein daily .
as those ports are closed on your router , there is no " on-phone solution " , only " on-router solutions " . you will have to open those ports on the router , use a different wifi ap , or switch to your mobile data connection . if you want to go for the " open ports on router " solution , this is beyond the scope of our site . but you are certainly welcome with that question on super user , which ( amongst others ) covers personal and home computer networking according to their help center .
archos deals with a special usb host cable for usb otg . perhaps you need it .
as discovered here , htc have removed the link to the training option in the settings menu . however , the actual feature remains intact so i have created a quick app to access it . please note that we do not know why htc took it out , they may have had a very good reason and i could be meddling , however i have used the training feature successfully on my sensation without any negative effects and the recognition is much improved . i have put the application on google code , the download link being here ( including cr code for devices ) . please note that all use is under the mit license - hope this helps others with the same problem ! also , the option seems to have been returned to it is normal position in the menu in the following android/htc versions : Android 4.0.3 HTC Sense 3.6 Software number 3.33.401.53  viewable in settings --> about phone --> software information
go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Lock screen -&gt; Improve face matching . you will need to confirm your pin , and then follow the on-screen directions to capture your face again . after each successful capture you will be placed back to the Lock screen settings menu , so just keep going into the Improve face matching section to repeat the process as many times as you wish .
one hypothesis is this : face unlock learns automatically . each time you unlock successfully , the function learns a new variation of your face image . therefore the " improve face matching " function is not needed . just keep unlocking , and your phone will get better and better at it . but be patient , because of security concerns the learning has to be slow and reluctant . this is only a hypothesis . i have asked in a google forum whether it is true or not , but got no answer .
there are several versions uploaded to the play store . i cannot personally attest to the safety or nature of them , but they generally all claim to be " pulled from the sdk " or similar . one exception is that i do recall trying the one named " android 2.3 launcher ( home ) " briefly in the past and it worked fine and was not doing anything shady ( it is review average is ~4.2 stars at the moment ) .
it means that the viber contact 's phone is on , and the viber service is running . check your notification-settings in app . is it also possible you have notifications turned off for viber via android 's app settings ? you can check by going in to settings , apps , selecting the viber app and making sure the checkbox of " show notifications " is selected .
for my linux distribution ( fedora 20 ) it is quite simple : [ pc ] run pulseaudio . ( runs automatically on fedora ) [ pc ] load module bluetooth-discovery . ( it is auto-loaded on fedora ) [ pc , android ] pair with android-phone via bluetooth . [ android ] in device 's options set the profile " use for media audio " . [ pc ] connect to the phone . [ android ] play music . ( i use google play music - it works ) [ pc ] the phone 's stream is detected as an input source - in case , you want to mute or amplify it . caveats the only problem is the step 5 . i can not connect to pc from my phone - i think , it is a linux problem - and it is another question for another forum .
there is a special permission for Google Billing ( technical name : com.android.vending.BILLING ) , which is required if the app wants to use google 's billing system . so if this permission is requested by an app , it most likely uses some in-app-payment ( why else should it request this permission ) . however : the absence of this permission does not necessarily mean there is no in-app-payment used with an app , as there are other means of accomplishing the like ( e . g . premium sms , or calls to some premium numbers ) . but if an app requests neither to send sms , make calls , access the internet , nor google billing , i know of no way it could accomplish in-app-billing without the user really actively doing something , like buying a gift-card and entering the code .
just announced for play store version 4.5.10: . . . the most noticeable , as well as awesome , feature that was added is the fact that there is an indicator to let you know there is in-app purchases . it’s always nice to know if an app is going to be bugging you to upgrade to the full version with a price tag . ( source ) official " what is new " list : whats new activity feed stars are green instead of blue avatars are circles not squares typography change new layout for reviews , including your own indicator for in-app purchases
first , in the facebook app , under its settings , enable synchronization for all contacts . open up your contact list and select the google contact you would like to merge . then push the menu button and select " edit contact " . then hit the menu button one more time and select " join " . choose which contact you would like to merge it with and you should be good to go .
for those with sense , you also can add the link manually ( i find that sense does not always add the notes tag to google contacts automatically ) . you can get the facebook " id " by going to graph.facebook.com/username instead of www.facebook.com/username ( ie : after you click on a friend on the facebook webpage , replace " www " with " graph" ) . then just paste into google contacts notes : &lt;HTCData&gt;&lt;Facebook&gt;id:12345/friendof:67890&lt;/Facebook&gt;&lt;/HTCData&gt; where 12345 is your friend 's id and 67890 is your id . sense picks up the link on the next sync with google contacts , and the facebook link is added permanently .
for making this process simpler , use go contacts . one click joining . just open go contacts and open the menu , at the menu click on merge , it would give you sort options . sort based on name , email and phone number . choose an option and it would cluster the contacts it feels are duplicates together and ask you for confirmation . you can review and decide what to merge and what not to .
here is a step-by-step guide for restoring your nook color to stock firmware .
this is the firmware for your device 's original software ( v . 1.0.1 ) . simply download and save to the micro sd card and use it to flash your nook . voila ! job well done . the xda page chahk posted is an excellent resource and reassuring , stating that it keep in mind that the nook is really hard to brick . by that , i mean almost impossible . so there you go ! good luck !
i have a htc desire , but i am assuming the menus/behaviour should be similar : settings -> language and keyboard -> touch input -> international keyboard select the languages you want to use . that should restrict the keyboard list to the ones you have specified .
if nothing else , you could install a vnc server on the tablet and then access it with a vnc client running on another device over wifi . it is a bit overkill , but it will certainly allow you to control it remotely .
many recent tv devices ship with dlna support . if yours does , you could turn your tablet into an upnp server using an app like e.g. bubbleupnp . once that app is up and running , it serves the tablet 's contents to your tv . your tv detects accesses this service , and you can control it using the tv 's remote control : bubbleupnp is a full featured upnp/dlna control point , upnp media renderer and upnp media server . play easily your music , videos and images on your phone and devices on your network ( dlna tvs , xbmc , wmp , . . . ) , from your external upnp media servers . play your phone/tablet media to those devices . browse and play your local phone/tablet and cloud media from other devices [ . . . ] so basically , this works both directions -- and you can even use this app to browse contents of your other upnp sources on the tablet itself .
that sounds like a perfect job for tasker ( see the tasker tag-wiki for some background ) . example profile in " pseudo-code": condition : time , start : 9am , end : 5pm task : sync off exit-task : sync on notes : " exit-task " is optional . if not defined , tasker restores the state from before the task started . " sync off " applies to more than just mail ( includes e.g. contacts , calendars , etc . ) . if you want to only pause mail sync , you need a mail app with tasker support , e.g. k-9 mail , maybe with some additional plugin . i know that is possible with k-9 , and it is more than likely there are some other supported email apps . if using such a client , replace the " sync off " / " sync on " with the corresponding plugin action .
an s-boot clip can restore your phone in download mode .
i appear to now have some kind of download mode , though it is not the samsung one - i just flashed a new rom . going to close this either way , as i do not think there is a simple solution other than sending it back .
use samsung kies to successfully connect your tab to pc , samsung kies supplies the drivers for your tab to be recognised by pc , when connecting you will also have the usual window pop up to give you access through explorer to both the card and the main tabs " drive " , you can select through kies where you place your media , internal or external . hope this help .
you should be able to do that using tasker . set up a profile with a " time " condition ( specify the time frame you want the screen kept alive , e.g. " from 9 am to 6 pm " , and for the task itself select " stay on " . make sure the option is disabled before starting this . tasker will then take care for it : switching the option on at 9 am , and returning to the previous state at 6 pm ( which is why you should have switched that option off to begin with ) . optionally , you could also define an " exit task " to explicilty switch that option off again − regardless of what it was set to in the beginning .
there is a way no one has mentioned yet ( for rooted devices ) : use a shell application connectbot or sl4a and type : $ su # reboot  it will reboot instantly . with sl4a you can create a . sh script and add a shortcut to your home , something like su -c "reboot" would do the job , but i am not sure .
the menu you get when you press the shutdown key should give you a list of options including shutdown , restart etc . if it does not , your phone 's manufacturer might have left it out of the rom .
@jadkik94 , what you say is kind of true , it is true that you need root to use the reboot command inside adb shell . although ! you can use " adb reboot " without needing root ; ) this is a small trick that you have to know same counts for adb reboot recovery adb reboot download adb reboot bootloader  so no root is needed to restart the device ( when you have your pc with you ) if you run windows you could also use my little tool called android reboot instructions : put your phone on debugging mode : settings > applications > development ( gb ) put your phone on debugging mode : settings > developer options ( ics and up ) connect your phone with the usb cable to the computer choose one of the options download : http://broodplank.net/files/androidreboot_v1.1.rar
the volume up + power option also works for the samsung galaxy s . you have to hold for about 10 seconds before restart , but it works .
just found out with my galaxy y . hold home button first , then hold power button . just continue holding these buttons for a few seconds and the phone will restart itself . :d
use the app quick boot to restart your device ( a rooted device ) . answer seems to be given partially here : i&#39 ; ve rooted my phone . now what ? what do i gain from rooting ? use the app quick boot to restart your device . start the quick boot app and choose ' reboot ' and there you go .
press ( volume up + power ) at the same time . it will reboot the phone . tested on galaxy s captivate .
actually , for the samsung galaxy s 4g just hold the power button for ten seconds and it will restart .
htc sense widgets do indeed only work with the sense homescreen . there are knock-offs , but these are usually pulled off the market by htc very quickly . beautiful widgets comes quite close though .
each region has its own network-dependent versions ( with additional apps / bloatware ) . you can use the firmwares from other regions , which you can find in samfirmware , but you need to have a rooted phone .
since android 4.2.2 , [ usb debugging requires authentication ] , something that is not possible during boot . to disable this , set the following property in default . prop ( inside initrd ) : ro.adb.secure=0  this enables adbd for a short time . it seems that some process is setting sys.usb.config=mtp . to work around that , i applied this patch ( perhaps only the start adbd part is necessary , i have only tested the below ) : you will not be able to get root ( su ) through this . for that , set : ro.secure=0  updating the initramfs block , the initramfs header field and the sha1 id ( header ) of the boot . img is not in the scope of this answer .
i bet the files are there , but you do not have a music app that will support . flac files , so they do not show up as visible . i use one of 2 apps : airdroid , or es file explorer to transfer files wirelessly . both of these apps seem to assist in ensuring the files get to the proper place on the os filesystem .
with my nexus 4 , that directory - which shows up as Internal Storage in windows - can be located at a few different places depending on configuration . the places that i know of include . . . /mnt/shell/0/ /mnt/shell/emulated/0/ /mnt/sdcard/ most of the time , there is a link to this folder ( so you do not need to find it ) at : ( if this works , do not worry about the above directory paths too much ) /sdcard/ this means that you should probably be able to find your music at /sdcard/Music/ . another note : i do not know if the default music player supports flac audio . if it does not , then that would explain why it is not locating the music automatically .
if your phone/tablet has an sd card , there is a much easier way to do this is : simply unmount your sd card on your device and then remove it plug the sd card into your computer 's card reader add a folder called " music " if one does not exist on the sd card move all the songs/albums you want from your media player library into the music folder on the sd card ( including album art ) put the sd card back into your device , and your device reads the media on the sd card and you are ready to listen to all the music you just transferred . if you have problems during the process , read the guide below : how to transfer music from computer to nexus
repair via sus . install sus connect your phone select your phone from sus follow the instruction
try reflashing your custom rom and clear dalvik and cache and do a factory reset after that . and make sure you are flashing a rom compatible to your device .
do you find any lag when opening applications or does it slow down when multitasking ? if no is your answer then it is a very normal behaviour . my phone has 1 gb of ram but more than 600 mb is always occupied and it does not lag anytime . you can read about ram management in android in so many developer forums if you had like to .
there is a binary in /system/bin which continuously checks for root and immediately remves it again , as soon as root is detected . chainfire root tools used to have an automated removal tool affecting this security binary . you can also do it by hand . i do not know it by hard , the name of the binary . but you could extract the auto-root in the link below and you will know it . or you can simply use it . http://download.chainfire.eu/248/cf-root/cf-auto-root/cf-auto-root-d2dcm-sc06d.zip have fun !
nova launcher apex launcher trebuchet ( cm9 's official launcher ) as far as i know , you must install all of these to /system ( which requires root ) in order to have widgets appear in the app drawer , and trebuchet does not support being installed to /data at all .
the gmail app already appears to do this on a per-account basis . simply open an account , then navigate to (Menu button)-&gt;More-&gt;Settings-&gt;Select Ringtone . this works fine on my version ( 2.3.4.1 ) and allows me to set a different ringtone for each account . you can also use this to cause some accounts to provide vibrate/audible notifications while others do not . for example , my work account is set to vibrate " for all notifications " , but my other accounts have their vibration set to " never " .
as stated it may not be possible to build a complete list , due to carrier bloatware . you may need some of these for functioinality you need also . there is also variants of the s4 , to confuse matters further . this is not a complete list , but trying to keep one exactly up to date is like trying to build your house beside a boat , before you get the foundation poured the boat has moved on down the river . xda bloatware list i must again emphasise that there can be roll on effects and you can lose functionality you may need on your device . e.g. : allshareplay15 . apk removing will impact wifi-direct function . you can remove it , but you will lose widi and so on . the alternative option is to find a slim or ultra-slim rom for your device . an example of this would be echoe illusion rom for the s4 which has a slim and ultra slim variant of some of their roms . there is also the google edition ' stock ' rom that you can use , which is 450 mb approx , while touchwiz variant is about 1.6 gb . there is also the echoe debloater which can remove bloatware from recovery , but the caveat of losing functionality still applies . there are many other roms out there too so shop around if this option appeals . xda forum for s4 note : any mods/themes/firmeware must be for the exact variant of your device , such as gt-i9505 , gt-i9505g , gt-i9500 , gt-i9506 etc . using the wrong ones can and most likely will brick your device .
your device 's interface will rotate whether the app you are using was designed to ( e . g . modern combat , dead trigger , browsers , etc ) , apps that were not to intended to change between portrait or landscape will not rotate the interface of your device ( e . g realcalc , instagram , etc ) .
fixed by downgrading to " ginger bread " , re-calibrate horizontal accelerometer and then re-update to jelly bean
that is normal behaviour for the sim card phone book , not just for android , but on older dumbphones too . i remember my old nokia 3310 took about a minute after booting before the phone book ( and other sim card functions ) became available . the problem was not really noticeable on early android phones because they took so long to boot anyway . while the phones are a lot quicker now , the sim cards are still the same old technology . if you want to get at them more quickly , either leave your phone turned on , or copy them to the device .
all i can see are lower case letters . it might be a bug with your samsung keyboard software . you could try updating your os if it is the case or you could try other apps for writing like swiftkey for example .
does this happen at a particular location ? do you have the setting as " automatic date and time " , or " network provided time " ? if you do , i assume the cellular region has incorrectly set time and is providing it wrong . the phone adjusts when you move to a well-maintained region .
to further wbogacz 's response , i would disable the automatic network time and just set it manually . see if that works . it worked for my coworker who was having the same issue . it is not a fix for the underlying issue , but it did eliminate the problem , or so it would seem . it has not happened again in the week since he disabled the network time setting .
if your device is rooted , use titanium backup pro to freeze that app . use your device as usual . if problem arises , defrost that app . if not , go ahead to permanently delete it .
there are several process monitoring tools available on google play . one of them is os monitor , which is very likely to help you out with your issue : os monitor : process list , list of open ports ( souce : google play ) as the two screenshots visualize , you can see all running processes as well as network connections including used ports and current status . of course , you could also make use of command-line tools like ps ( to show running processes ) and netstat ( to show open ports ) from within your terminal app ( or via adb shell ) . together with grep , that might be even faster , as you can filter out unwanted entries ( e . g . netstat | grep adb ) .
unfortunately this is not an option on the stock android rom 's , regardless of the version . after doing a little research , it seems that if you wish to root your phone and install a new rom that the desire flavor of rom 's ( i do not know if it is available for your model of phone since you did not specify the model ) has this feature built into the rom itself . after some more research ( this was harder to find than i expected ) there is an app that has built in auto-retry of failed sms messages . please see this xda forum post for details about it . it is a replacement messaging client for your android phone which includes this feature .
google maps is known for situations like this for years . it does not happen all the time and on all devices simultaneously with all versions of maps , but comes often enough . for me , the decision was to disable/freeze google maps , and use other map apps ( locus map , oruxmaps ) instead . but let 's go into details how an app ( in your case google maps ) can be " put on ice": on a rooted device a rooted device gives you the most alternatives . say you want to use the app from time to time , you could use the following approach : dynamic freeze convert google maps from system-app to user-app . this can be done e.g. with titanium backup – and is of course not necessary if maps did not ship with your device ( but was explicitly installed by yourself , which already makes it a " user-app" ) greenify maps . this way the app is kept from running unless you explicitly start it . you could think of this as a " dynamic freeze " static freeze if you do not need the app anyway , and rather use another replacement , you can freeze it permanently . a freeze marks an app as being " unavailable " , so it can no longer be started . there are multiple apps which can handle this , as e.g. before mentioned titanium backup or app quarantine . using titanium backup would give you an advantage here : tibu let 's you place a shortcut on your homescreen to freeze/unfreeze-start an app , basically emulating the " dynamic freeze " described above . no need to convert the app into an user-app for this . disabling auto-start on certain events many apps register so-called " broadcast receivers " to be notified on system events they are interested in . the best known certainly is boot_completed for apps that want to become active right after the device has booted up – but there are a lot more . examples include the change of network status ( true for our google maps candidate ) , battery-low , or the sdcard being mounted . on a rooted device , you can disable those " listeners " with so-called " autostart managers " . one of the best is autorun manager in its pro-version . if using those , take care to not disable too much , as that might render an app unusable . without root without root , i know of only one way to achieve something comparable : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab scroll to the app in question ( here : google maps ) , and tap its entry if you do not see a " disable " button , but " uninstall updates " instead , it is a system app . tap " uninstall updates " , then " force stop " . tap the " disable " button now the app is de-activated , and should no longer run . i explicitly made " should " in italics , as to my experience often this is only a partial working solution : though the app is removed from the drawer , it seems it is still not completely out-of-reach for certain frameworks . pros and cons disable : only available solution if your device is not rooted . pro : does not require root cons : app not always completely disabled no dynamics requires multiple " taps " requires to always uninstall updates first ( if there are any ) not applyable to all apps ( manufacturer/carrier can " lock " apps against this ) static freeze : pros : works on all apps partly dynamic ( using tibu and its " shortcuts " on your homescreen ) con : requires root dynamic freeze : pros : dynamic app icons remain in the drawer/on your home screens ( so from the user 's perspective , handling remains unchanged ) cons : requires root does not work on system apps ( though there are " experimental features " for this afaik ) .
applanet is that rather shady-looking place that claims to let users download and install ' thousands of free and paid apps ' for free . since the original authors of the apps have little say in whether their app appears on the site , i think it is fair to say that all bets are off when it comes to the apps ' integrity . also bear in mind that it is recently been proved entirely possible to download malware from the official market ( google blog entry ) . so , in summary : impossible to say , and , yes .
there is currently no app like this that i am aware of . however , you could ask the app developer of the app you are using to allow pictures to be taken from the gallery , and not only a new picture - this is very possible .
if you are just talking about files , i would take a look into ftpsyncx or foldersync . i can only talk for ftpsyncx , as i am using it myself -- but most of the following should be valid for both apps : you can setup directory pairs ( one on your device matching another on your pc ) , and have them sync bidirectionally or unidirectionally . you can configure the sync interval : globally , per server , or even per directory-pair . you can even tell it to only sync when you are in your home wifi , or only when you request it ( via widgets , from within the app , or even event-based controlled by tasker . if this answer did not catch your intention , feel free to comment , ask , or update your question : )
dsp manager ( root only ) is an app that is incorporated into a number of custom roms . i have it in my cyanogenmod but i know it is available in others or as a stand alone ( that you have to flash over your current rom ) depending on your device . search xda for " dsp manager " in relation to your specific device as there are numerous device specific threads and downloads .
not without a custom kernel , afaik . equalisation across the board is controlled by the kernel and i do not believe the settings are accessible to apps . so an app needs its own equaliser to apply to the sound before it is played . if you are using a galaxy s , one such custom kernel is called voodoo sound . edit : the paid version of voodoo sound now only requires root , rather than a custom kernel .
it is likely the matrix which you are seeing . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pentile_matrix_family the galaxy nexus uses the rgbg matrix just like previous galaxy , however it is much higher resolution than many other pentile displays . here 's a magnification of another , similar screen from a different samsung phone . http://www.droid-life.com/2011/09/28/samsungs-super-amoled-hd-screens-bring-back-the-pentile-matrix/ if that is not what you are seeing then it may be a hardware issue .
not without a different rom but you may be able to add one to the notification area . try this , i do not know how well ( if at all ) it works on the s5 but it is worth a shot .
you have two choices here : edit the stock kernel ( or the kernel you are using ) to enable init . d support or edit the init . rc use a custom kernel with init . d support already enabled . i would suggest the second option as is far more easier to achieve . once flashed a kernel with init . d support , you can add all the scripts you want to the folder that will be executed at boot time . the folder is located in /etc/init.d and all scripts inside that folder will be executed in order . for example , if you have : /etc/init . d/10-startup-daemon /etc/init . d/50-mount-extra-partition they will be executed in the same order i have typed them . you can change the order by changing the number at the begining of the file .
the official update will almost certainly unroot and not allow free wifi tether . i will let someone with experience speak to the bluetooth issues .
i think i did it . i tried to delete the folder /storage/sdcard0/android/data/com . google . earth but even with root/su i was unable to . so i renamed it and it was renammed successfully . next time i opened the app it worked . but i still have a folder of 13mb that i can not delete . suggestions ? update : i found this that suggests : i see in mount points something that gets my attention /dev/fuse on /storage/sdcard0 type fuse (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,user_id=1023,group_id=1023,default_permissions,allow_other)  here you can see that /data/media is mounted with specific user and group id . i discover by executing ps and id commands that 1023 id belongs to media_rw user with wich the /data/media folder is mounted . i think login as media_rw user should do the trick but what i did in order to delete the folders was : login as root ( unnecesary if connected via ssh with sshdroid ) su mount /system with write permissions mount -o rw,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system run sdcard command again ( as root ) /system/bin/sdcard /data/media 1023 1023 go to /data/media and delete the unwanted folders ( let 's say they are called . trash y . garbage ) rm -rf .trash .garbage mount /system with read only permissions again ( for security reasons ) mount -o ro,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system check that the folders does not exists ls -lsa /data/media/ the output must be something like this ( no . trash or . garbage folders in here ) this may solve other problems like this .
you can successfully reopen the stack exchange in the state of asking for google account 's code of authentication , if : open authenticator , and memorize/copy . . . , the 6 digit number . open the app drawer ( not the recent used list access by pushing home button for a while ! ) select the internet browser from there . now you should have the browser in the state you left it ( waiting for the 6 digit number ) although this is a solution to ( not being able to introduce the 6 digit code ) , it will not solve the problem of stack exchange app inability to save your login credentials .
you can not use an app specific passphrase . stackexchange uses google as an openid provider and that works with access tokens . to continue/finish the openid process you need to be logged in to google of course ( using the regular 2-step passphrase+token method ) . you will then be asked if you want to grant access by google and the app will get an access token .
converted from my comment , as there were no other answers : the apps you name most likely need to access your phone number , or using sms to unlock their features – but your tablet cannot provide such , as it has no telephony functionality . you could try , however , to install them on your phone , extract the .apk of the apps with e.g. appmonster , and side-load it to your tablet . while this way the apps might install , they might still have problems running ( without being able to access your phone number ) , or even might refuse starting up at all .
is it possible to track what personal information an app is unloading ? in general , the answer is no . sniffing the precise data the the software is uploading - either through installing some specific software on a rooted device , or by sniffing the traffic elsewhere between the device and the internet ( e . g . on your wireless router ) - is a very good idea and will help you understand what the application is doing , but unfortunately the actual information might be mangled in some form or even encrypted , in a way which will prevent you from really knowing what the application is sending . actually , it is a known security problem - for instance take a look at this academic paper , which proposes a way to track how your personal data is used during the application execution ; though its proposed approach does have some limitations and can be circumvented by other tricks . my personal rule of thumb is to avoid applications which require both internet access and access to private data , unless i have a high level of trust in the author .
sniffing the network traffic would require root for the app that does the sniffing part . this can easily be done with " shark for root " . but you will not get any end-user friendly information , just the raw packet data that is been send and received from your phone . that information needs to be matched to a particular app and action ( e . g . app xy is uploading photo file x123.jpg ) . generally you do not want an app to be able to read and log another apps network traffic for security and privacy reasons . that is why you need root for that . even if you could read and log the packets from other apps , it is easy to disguise the malicious data as something normal . it is not so easy to reveal that . side note : if you do not trust an app which has network access , do not install it . if you really need the app and you know that it works also without internet although the app requests permission to use it , some custom mods will allow you to block internet access without the app knowing .
you can run tcpdump on the background ( compiled for android processor of course ) in a shell , save the captured file and analyze later with wireshark on your pc . that solution will not tell you what application sent the data , but enables you to examine what your phone sends and where . the great benefit is tcpdump under normal situations does not consume many resources , so you will not experience any lag on your phone .
a " baseband " would generally refer to modem firmware . it seems like the first step is to modify the modem firmware so cm7 can use it . does this flashtool have a linux binary ? ( this tool seems to be unique to se phones , i did not have to use flashtool to modify htc phones , only fastboot . ) found flashtool . xda link | source code repository
you have to re-add the mobile network . the mobile network site should have the info you need . go into access points in your mobile system menu .
in some ( most ) jurisdictions , this is legally not allowed and may fall under wiretapping laws . it would also allow easy covert surveillance by 3rd party apps and would scare most users while only a minority would benefit from it and ise it in the intended way . think of rogue apps ( blackmailing the owner ) , cheated wifes/husbands wiretapping their so , the scandal when reporters from the news of the world wiretapped royals and celebrities , etc . this is an anti feature that opens a can of worms . from the technical side : the android kernel/api do not expose a way to do that . this is why it does not work unless you install a hacked 3rd party firmware that allows that . searching xda developers for modded firmware for your model will probably yield some .
have you tried galaxy call recorder yet ? features list : - recording calls , ability to enable/disable recording service in the settings - showing grouped records extended with contact information such as name and icon . - settings to disable recording when headphones on or bluetooth device connected - settings to disable recording for incoming , outgoing call and for some contacts . - ability to specify different audio sources for headphones and bluetooth devices . - calling , sending sms , creating an event from the app . - ability to stop recording from a notification . - ability to play , delete the recent record from a notification . - ability to specify a recording delay , a minimal length of records . - ability to enable/disable the detailed notifications in the program . - ability to record a conversation into a small set of files . - deleting a record or many records at once . - locking/unlocking records to prevent unwanted deleting . - ability to automatically deleting records . - ability to send records to dropbox , google drive , and skydrive etc . - integration with google+ . - flexible ui settings to change a font size and a background . - screen lock . - saving records to microsd card , dropbox disk . if you already tried this , you should mention which apps you tried already .
the sony liveview may fit the bill .
letters do not show to save space . . . but if you slide your finger slowly you will find all the letters showing in the middle of the screen
this was a problem on early galaxy s roms too , but it got fixed in the later updates . on the i5500 the low display resolution could prevent from ever showing all the letters . my advice would be to check for firmware updates from kies , or try a custom rom .
the issue is better explained here , it seems to happen when your device is almost full . if you are rooted then you can check the lagfix app , it did make a difference on my nexus .
it looks like some of your app is eating your cpu : one ( extrem ) solution would be to do a complete factory reset , and then reinstall the app you need . you could check your cpu usage ( there are many apps for that : android system info , cpu usage . . . ) , who , how long . . . and find who is too greedy
to troubleshoot , reboot to safe mode by long pressing the power off on the power-off menu . screenshot from my n4:
if your available space gets too low , the nexus 7 will become laggy . go to settings-> storage and check the number next to available . if it is under 3gb , try moving some data off the device ( movies , music , etc . ) via usb to get the available space to 3gb or more . if this corrects the performance problem , then you can restore data a bit at a time to fine tune the threshold where performance drops off . i do not know of a hard and fast rule for how much free space should be available . fwiw : my nexus 7 became very laggy ( long pauses for the keyboard to pop up after entering a text field , switching tabs in chrome was very slow ) and i tried uninstalling apps , disabling apps that ran as services to no avail . i checked my free space and it was 750mb . i deleted a movie i had copied to the device and freed up an additional 2gb . as soon as i did that , the lag vanished .
i have noticed the same issue on my nexus 7 running stock jelly bean 4.2 . i also noticed reboots . do you happen to have hd widgets installed ? that seemed to be the cause of many of my slow downs , but unfortunately not all . apps that use location services seem to be the issue with my slowdowns . are you noticing the same thing ? this article goes into some of the issues seen on 4.2 that i experienced .
are you willing to consider changing your default music player ? if so , doubletwist is a great itunes-like desktop/android app that allows you to sync and play everything all in one place . best part is that it is free ( everything but their wireless airsync ) .
the beyondpod podcast player will download new podcasts directly to your device , on a schedule . for example , i have it run every morning to look for new podcasts . and , it can be configured to " share podcasts " with the default android music player . i have never used the share-with-default-player feature , so i can not really comment on how well that works in practice . but the basic podcast management and download features have all worked nicely for me .
this solution worked : $ cd 1.0-GRI40-nexusone-superboot $ ./fastboot-linux flash:raw boot boot.superboot.img  i have found the necessary info on http://www.gotontheinter.net/content/fastboot-cheat-sheet
go to Settings -&gt; Date and Time and ensure your time zone is properly set . this should be enough , but you can also check Automatic or Use network time or similar to ensure it picks up the proper time .
yes , it works if your phone is set up correctly . this is not an iphone . . . daylight savings already changed in other parts of the world , y'know .
if you have got your time zone settings set correctly then yes , it should be fine . if you are in any doubt you can set it to automatically pick up the time from your network .
this might actually not be a problem caused by the operating system but rather by how much voltage the device can output into the headphones . so , your macbook is more likely to have a more powerful audio output than your s4 . the key word here is impedance . i assume the headphones you mentioned have a impedance too high for mobile devices , such as the s4 .
you can do a factory reset . to do this you press the vol up and power key together . if that wont work , try the vol down as i may be wrong . you should at some point of messing with the buttons get a broken android picture of the robot . then you play with the buttons and get to a menu that has " factory reset "
thanks you all for your answers , i have no idea what happen but yesterday i updated like 15 apps and now the icon is gone . i dont know which app made that happens but the good news is that its gone : ) just fyi it did not act like a regular app icon , it did not gave the option to see " app info " or " remove " it was staying in all the screens no just in one . and when it was press it opened a search that when was press to search was searching on google . any way , thank you very much greetings iair
google talk is available for most android versions , and in fact is pre-installed on all google-authorised android devices that have the android market and gmail installed ( because both of those apps rely on talk to do their authentication and communication ) . it may just be called " talk " on your device rather than " google talk " or " gtalk " . if you are talking about google voice , then that app is available to all devices using android 1.6 and higher , but you can currently only use the service within the us . skype use is blocked by some phone networks , but is generally available otherwise if you are outside the us , see this previous answer for some of the options .
actually you do not need all those crap of security apps , i have been using android for several years without such issues . i would suggest you backup your data and perform a factory reset , that will make your phone pretty fast and new like . and avoid installing such bloatware ( even 1 is too much , you are coping with 3 ) . they also affect your battery life . just one thing you can do to protect your phone is go to settings> security , uncheck " unknown sources " and you should be fine . . for now a factory reset is required i guess . . just to be safe .
your best bet would be uninstalling those unesecary security programs , seeing if the problem persisits , in my experience android security programs are both unesecary and cause more problems than they solve .
the camera on the samsung galaxy s 3 does have a timer . click the gear to bring up the settings menu . timer is nearly halfway down , between focus mode and resolution .
there is camera jb + available from the google play store features : ● camera : 3 modes : camera , video recorder and panorama silent mode ( no shutter sound , might not work on some devices ) pinch to zoom configurable volume keys wide screen pictures picture quality setting ( low/medium/high/ultra ) configurable storage source ( internal/sd card ) timer burst mode guidelines video/audio quality configurable ● gallery : ultra fast photos and videos viewer configurable thumbnail size grid view/filmstrip view hide unwanted folders slideshow mode trim videos ● photo editor : high quality photo editing new filters and borders
this menu button is a backwards compatibility feature . it is displayed on all apps that say they are designed for a version of android from when android devices had physical menu buttons . ( that is froyo or earlier . ) the android system can not tell whether such an app needs the menu button or not , so it has to display it to make sure the app is usable on newer devices without the hard button . if the button annoys you , contact the author of the app and ask them to update their " target version " . they can do this and still be compatible with older versions of android .
i had the same problem . the menu would not respond in gallery , setting , and some other applications . the restart did not work . i tried closing all the application by double-tapping the home button and then reopen them again plus using ' clean master ' app . this seems to work ( sometimes ) tho . do not really know why , but for me it helps .
according to an article at maggo ( german ; google-translate variant ) you can use carddav-sync for this : start the app select " create new account " fill in the settings : servername : contacts . icloud . com use ssl username : your icloud user password : your icloud password hit " next " . the app now checks the entered data on the next screen , you do not need to change the account name . check " sync from server to phone " tap " finish " , and your contacts should be transfered from icloud to your android device . carddav-sync setup : step 3 and step 5 ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant )
this probably depends on . if you just " recharge " within your rental window , the file is still on the device , and you probably do not have to download it again . however , once the rental period is expired , the google play movies and tv app will delete the file on its next execution ( see this thread on the droidrzr forum ) , as it has " expired " . without this purge function , you could run out of space whith useless files occupying your disk , so i would consider this normal behaviour . this means : re-rental after the rental window has expired will most likely make a re-download necessary -- while when still within your rental video , the app should simply keep the file ( at least theoretically -- not sure whether the expiration date is somehow coded into the file name ) .
if you use the tablet mount function to mount the sdcard to computer , and copy some files , sometimes it has problem , it need more times , and suggestion refresh in the folder when finish copy , when you fresh you can check the copy successful or not . if you use the sdcard reader to mount to the computer , when finish copy , need safe remove usb to ensure the copy finish .
al 's right , you can not change the sync frequency for facebook beyond what they provide . edit : the below only applies to the regular facebook app . but also , all that facebook syncs is your contacts ( and possibly events to the calendar ) . it does not sync news feed items or notifications , those are only loaded when you actually open the app . so unless your facebook friends list changes more often than every hour , syncing more often would be useless .
i am not sure exactly how you use the select all feature , but i think an effective way to mitigate your need for this is to go crazy with filters , labels , and the priority inbox . having your gmail account sort your e-mail into highly specific labels for you and carefully tagging everything as either " important " or " not important " will keep the number of e-mails you see at any one time to a reasonable amount most of the time . there are a ton of great tips in this article from lifehacker that i have used both on the web interface and on my gmail app . oh , and submit a feature request to google . ; - )
nope , not as of v2.3.4.1 anyways . i have been through all the settings / actions pretty thoroughly , in various contexts , with no luck .
fist you need to know miui package name adb shell pm list package -3  this command will display all the third party installed apps . if miui lockscreen does not show up here use : adb shell pm list package -s  or adb shell pm list package -f  then copy the package name and use this command : adb shell pm uninstall &lt;your app package&gt; 
okay , the answer was , actually simpler than i thought . as it turns out , miui has a built in fallback for these kinds of problems . the solution is to press volume up + back button and it should do unlock the phone for you . i found this out by posting this same question on the miui forums .
after enough frustration with this issue i actually moved to a custom rom . this mainly happens due to rotation as mentioned by colin i used to face this issue when i had the phone in landscape mode , in an app and then locked the phone ! when it came back on there was major juggling and it used to end up this way ! software fix : pray that samsung fixes it ! or get a custom rom ! temporary fix : 1 ) dont lock your phone without exiting an app in landscape mode sorry but this was what i used to do , given s2 is a pretty old phone i highly doubt an official fix for it .
my best guess would be an issue that is causing part of the render process of slide lock to take place in landscape mode . i have no idea why that would happen although i have had some strange screen rotation issues with my nexus 7 and a factory reset did indeed fix it . but since you do not want to turn to that here are some suggestions : -try locking rotation on your phone ( unlocking when needed ) -switch your lock screen to pin or password ( there error could be isolated to the slide password ) . -upgrade to a new version of android using kies ( it should be available ) let me know if any of those work out
factory reset is the only solution . at the very least it will exclude software issues .
at least my version of chrome ( 32.0.1700.107 ) on os x has a menu called Mobile Bookmarks under Bookmarks , where i can see my phone 's bookmarks . and i can add bookmarks to my desktop chrome from android from menu -> favorite ( the star ) -> folder -> desktop bookmarks . try using chrome beta for android if yours does not have that feature .
as far as i understand the aosp keyboard is available in cm roms , its called ' stock ' keyboard when you flash cm based roms . as for google keyboard , it is the official one on nexus devices . i personally like the cm ( aosp ) keyboard . it allows me to long press keys for punctuations , i am very used to long pressing ' m ' for ' ? ' and ' z ' for ' ! ' . it is irritating that i can not do that on the official keyboard . i also can not find a separate apk for the cm ( aosp ) keyboard
it is exactly the same keyboard as the android keyboard from jelly bean ( 4.2 ) as i read . see i.e. this article . rereading exactly points out that this app should expose the keyboard which was only installed on nexus phones with android 4.2 to prior android version ( 4.0+ ) on other smartphones and tablets including features like " swiping " and gestures . there is another article on androidcentral
my aosp keyboard let me long press some of the keys for punctuation . i could hold " m " to get a " ? " and now i no longer can on the google keyboard .
does the in built-in backup service work ? yes . but maybe not how you expect/want . as you mentioned apps need to ' opt in ' to backup data and most apps do not actually use this . i am only aware of a couple that do . as far as i know , the backed up data is only actually restore to a device when the device is initially set up , not when you install an app from the play store that you have previously used ( i could be wrong on this though ) . google recently launched a way for games to sync progress between devices which more apps seem to be using and are publicising this more . helium and adb backup work differently in that they backup the data stored on the device and do not require opt in . helium uses the adb backup method so essentially they work the same way ( although it does not require a pc to perform the backup ) . titanium backup backs up the apk and the appropriate ' data ' folder ( not the folder on your sd card by default ) and again this does not require any opt in from the app developer . personally i use titanium backup as it was the only option when i first rooted my first phone . i have not used helium so can not say if it is better/worse . when i have used adb backup ( not via helium ) it took a long time to backup/restore but it does work quite well .
the rootfs ( / ) as well as /system have to be mounted with rw permissions . so , to check for that execute # mount |grep -i rootfs and # mount |grep -i '/system' if you do not see rw for the permissions , do # mount -o remount,rw / and/or # mount -o remount,rw /system
it seems error 923 is related to the whole process of downloading , cache , storage , installation , etc . people get it most often in google play , but sometimes also outside of that . most suggestions how to fix this come down to : Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Running > stop all ( google related ) running services Settings &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Google Play Store > clear data and clear cache reboot phone , all should be fine now found quite some useful answers on the internet outside of stackexchange ( it exists ! ) , so answered my own question already . suggestions/additions always welcomed . ; )
i found this error occurs for me when i " push " from the website of google play store to the phone . i always attribute it to the fact that my wireless is not constantly on to the phone ; it restores connection after returning from sleep . when i wake the phone after the push , i will find the error , and the relevant app page in google play store live , on the phone , ready to attempt the install again . pressing the install button again is successful .
in one of my attempts to i was trying to upgrade the hboot from 0.80.0007 to 1.01 and luckily flashing the device with ruu_buzz_froyo_htc_wwe_2.22.405.1_radio_13.55.55.24h_3.35.20.10_release_160191_signed . exe it also brought my wildfire to the stock rom .
if you delete a file from your mobile device , the file remains on your online storage . to have the file permanently deleted , you need to delete it from your online dropbox account , accessing it via their website . i have just run this exercise ( to prove the theory ) : take photos ; sync dropbox ; delete photos from my device ; access laptop ; photos were downloaded ; access dropbox website and login to your personal account ; delete photos ; photos were automatically removed from laptop and a notification was presented asking if i wanted to undo the operation .
dropbox does not work the same way on android as it does on dektop platforms : it does not monitor a directory for changes . in fact , you only can download selected files , which will be saved on a cache directory on your android device . the dropbox app would not instantly notice if you delete the file . only if you try do retrieve the file again from the cloud , the dropbox app would search for the file in the local cache directroy first . if it is not here , it will just download the file again . but you can delete a file from the cloud storage by selecting the delete option in the dropbox app . same thing goes for upload : you have to select a file in order to upload it into the cloud .
as said before , dropbox for android works differently than the desktop program . it is just an interface to access your online account , with some special features like caching . for example , you can " favorite " a file for offline access and edit some files directly from the app . but if you want an app that works exactly like the desktop program , you can try dropsync .
my 3.2 method does work with cm9 , and the default launcher ( trebuchet ) , with these adjustments : go to settings-> launcher-> homescreen-> search bar , and remove it . keyboard focus will default to the apps button ( the ::: icon ) at the top right arrange icons on the right side of the screen instead of on the left . down-arrow , from the apps button , will go to the top-right icon in the same way as it used to go down to the top-left from the search bar in 3.2 other launchers are also an option ( go launcher ex duplicated the old behavior , although it forces phone ui elements ) , but this is the shortest path if you are otherwise content with trebuchet .
the other answer works ( to remove the search bar and rearrange icons below the ::: button ) works fine , but only in a landscape orientation . even in landscape , pathological arrangements of icons can be stumbled upon . i have settled on this method : use a firewall ( e . g . , droidwall ) to block ' google search ' , which i never use , and which i do not want broadcasting my task-switching . to switch to another app , press the home key and then begin typing the name of the app ( the search button is not necessary . ) when the app shows up , down-arrow to it and press enter . how convenient this is obviously varies depending on the names of the apps you wish to switch between , and on the other apps you have installed , and on whether you indeed do not ever use google search . it is also about half as fast as the 3.2 method .
the screenshot one is using a different radio band - one that is more popular than the camera one . this means that is is more congested , and therefore has slower speeds . this is the most likely explanation .
while this might not be the complete answer to your issue , it appears that the galaxy nexus is connected to an hsdpa:9 radio ( 10.1mb/s theoretical speed ) while the milestone is connected to an hspa radio ( 14mb/s theoretical speed , not hspa+ which can have a theoretical speed of between 21 and 42 depending on the network ) . while the theoretical capacities of the networks are similar , it does seem that they are using different radio tower connections , which could explain the difference in bandwidth that is being experienced .
try nova launcher from the play store . you can import your old home screen pretty easily and it allows you to " infinite scroll " . press Menu on the home screen > press Nova Settings > press Desktop > check Infinite Scroll
when wifi is activated , all data is pulled down via the wifi . it is a mutually exclusive/flip-flop mechanism . that is to say , if wifi is off , 3g is used . and yes , regardless of whether one or the other is activated , battery is being used likewise : ) no discernible difference in terms of battery consumption .
profiles are just a way to change a bunch of settings at once . by long-pressing the power button and tapping ring/vibrate/silent ( below airplane mode ) you change a single setting however : the ringing behaviour . the profiles work slightly different to what you expect . you most probably forgot to enable some switches of the standard profile , most of them are on/off settings for which a profile has 3 actions : activate deactivate modify / do-not-modify this is for example very handy for a car mode that you activate to just switch off a security lock screen ( + enable gps and leave all else as is ) . the standard profile has a lot of those unset do-not-modify checkboxes ( the checkboxes to the right ) , so unless you check them the profile does not actually change those settings . tick the checkbox and try again !
tunesviewer is an application for linux or android that " [ allows ] access itunes-university media and podcasts . " ( from tunesviewer main page ) . you may want to check it out . there is an apk installer to run on android devices . it is also available from f-droid .
there is the google play for education program detailed here and here .
this helper app makes facebook , twitter , instagram , github , and goodreads links open in their apps instead of the browser : open link in app it does not yet support pinterest , but if you are technical , it is easy to add new apps , and does not require writing code ! details in the github repo .
in the general usage , you can not do it . the reason behind the links opening in a browser is that they use the same protocols of normal web links . so if the particular app is not a browser , the links have to be opened with a browser app . but you may have seen some links ( particularly links to android apps on the market ) can be opened with the google play market app . this is possible because those links uses market:// in their links rather than typical http:// if you need to confirm it try clearing the defaults of your chrome browser . it will make you choose an app to open a link when you click them . this will give you a open link with option ( of course to use the browser apps ) to do this , go to Settings -&gt; Apps and select chrome app . scroll to the bottom and find a clear defaults button abd click it .
apps can request that links be opened using the app , using an api called an " intent filter " . if the app has the correct intent filter , you will be prompted to open the link using that app , and the app will then do something with it . this has to be coded in by the app developer , and there is no way to implement it yourself unless you decompile the app and add it in . an example of an app that does this is the google+ app .
tethering is a feature that is usually offered by the carrier for an additional fee . you should check with your carrier . also it would have helped to include which android device you have . . . . .
do not restore the full backup taken , but restore only part of it . and do it " piece by piece " , so if the error re-occurs you at least know where it comes from and can skip the faulty part . edit : as i was not fully clear about where i pointed to : titanium backup is capable of restoring parts from nandroid as well as adb backups .
i believe every app has an odex db because this keeps the app files for running the app , the widget or apk cant work without it . its normally located in the secure file system under apps , each app with have its icon and the odex file with the same name . odex next to it .
when your rom is booted up for the first time , android 's dalvik goes through every apk and extracts the dex file from it . it places the dex files in the cache folder - located at /data/dalvik-cache . this is the directory that gets cleared when you clear the dalvik cache in your recovery tool
what package were you using in odin to flash your phone ? i do not think flashing a new os in odin will help much with rooting . download towelroot on your phone , and root that way : towelroot . com download and install the apk . click the lamda , and then install supersu from the play store .
delete the saved network from the phone , then reboot both the phone and the router and try again . if that does not fix it you will need to test with another network to see if it is a phone issue or not .
if you can access the web interface of the router see if there are any error codes in a log or on the main page after you log in . most likely your radio is bad but the rest of the hardware is still good ( or at least ok : ) ) . this happened to me with an old router too and confused me for a good while before i found the error codes and searched their meaning . in my case it was time for a new router anyway so i just went and bought a new one - so i am not sure if there is anyway to fix it , if it is a bad radio .
i have the same problem with my friends netgear wifi router , but all other wifi networks so far work perfectly , so it could be a compatibility problem with the phone and router . to verify this , i would suggest the steps that matthew read and somehume already mentioned : try other networks and check other devices connected to the troublesome network .
your network provider may provide a " last number redial/called " or " call alert " service . this is usually a number that you call that will tell you the phone number of the last incoming call to your phone , or can often be implemented as a service that you can turn on and off ( again , usually by calling a number or issuing a ussd code ) which will inform you in some way ( usually by text message ) of missed calls . for example , in the uk , o2 used to have a number , 1471 , that you could call to hear an automated voice message telling you the number of the last person that called your phone . unfortunately , they have withdrawn that service however , they have replaced it with a free " call alert " text message service . note that there is no universal mechanism to retrieve the number of the last person that called you , if you no longer have ( or never had ) that information saved within your phones own call log . each of these services is specific to your mobile network provider who may or may not even offer such a thing . if the last number that called you is truly missing from your phones own call log , you may try to get in contact with your network provider to see if they offer a service as described here . also note , though , that even if they do offer such a service , it'll usually only retain the very last number that called , so if someone else calls you in the meantime , the number that you are seeking will probably be lost .
xperia mini pro has led light that blinks in different colors . this led blinks in regular intervals till you see your notification area . this led blinks for mails , messages , missed calls , etc . i guess by default it works . there is no need to enable it manually . coming to sound alert there is an application notification plus which does this job .
the two more popular sms apps in the market - handcent sms and gosms have options that allow you to set reminder tones and led flashing to alert a user to unseen messages . lots of configurable options in both apps .
this small app may be what you wanted : https://market.android.com/details?id=os.checknew
have you tried turning it on and off again ? if it does not work , take it back to the shop .
problem mostly , but not entirely , solved . for arimo whatever font you want to install , you need to insert this text between the &lt ; familyset&gt ; tags in the file /system/etc/system_fonts . xml : and remove the designations of " arial " and " helvetica " from the roboto entry . the reason this is not entirely solved is it works only in the browser and not the html viewer .
same idea as roxan : go to the market ( oops , playstore ) and look for an app named pocket ( formerly known as " readitlater" ) . this allows you to store urls from many apps via the share menu to your free pocket account . as for your pc , there is e.g. a firefox addon available ( for alternative choices , see the pocket website . this is much more convenient than sharing via bluetooth .
first use a browser that can download the current page/html file . then using a file manager of your choice , use the " share " option and it should send the html file .
i believe this is a galaxy s/tab specific issue . i and many others cannot get skype to work on our galaxy s devices , and the tab is very similar .
what is odd is that there seem to be three different skype apps for android , but most people can only see one or the other available . there is skype available in the market and currently at v1.0.0.659 . this lists : skype-to-skype calls over 3g or wifi data plan or wifi connection required ( calling in u . s - wifi only ) then there is skype mobile for verizon , which i think is at v1.5.0.16 . this one says this but does not mention wifi in its description currently : unlimited skype-to-skype calls and instant messaging without using your plan minutes finally the 3 network in the uk have a special version of the skype app where you are never charged for skype calls over their network , get that here ( only works if you are on the 3 network ) . it looks like the market must be doing a check on your country ( or maybe which phone network your device is locked to ? ) to decide which to give you , and so which restrictions to apply to you . it looks like your device is only offering you skype mobile , and not skype . gotta love how the phone companies are desperately trying to keep themselves relevant in the face of customers who really would rather do things another way !
skype today released skype 1.0.2 , and mayor change is support for samsung galaxy s . maybe this will affect your phone too . update and see
extremely doubtful , to the point where i am confident saying no , it would not work . it would require either the os dev team having included linux drivers that would work with the usb device , or the usb device manufacturer having released android-compatible drivers that you could install on your tablet yourself .
i believe that product is an dac . as long as your device has otg/usb host support , it'll work .
first , gmail provides push email . . means , you get emails exactly when they arrive ( if you are connected with internet ) . second , gmail does not have dedicated sync module . it makes use of global google services framework and account sync module . you can turn off background data and Auto Sync from Accounts and Sync setting . when these are on , sync is carried randomly . . but it runs when you connect to internet or turn these settings on . to save battery , you can use toggle widgets ( like widgetsoid ) to turn those settings on/off manually . some provides way to force sync , too . to automate it , use tasker app . if your prime goal is to save battery , i would recommend you to use , juice defender . it takes care of all these effectively .
what you can do is use both dropbox and a lan syncing tool like unison . i could not find any lan syncing tool for android but if you mount your device in mass storage mode , running unison purely on your pc should yield acceptable performance . it may also be possible to compile unison on android ( it works on gnu/linux ) , but that would be fairly difficult .
in the latest version of dropbox ( 2.1.1 ) there is an option to have your photos automatically uploaded , " camera upload " in dropbox settings . that has a option which lets you specify whether to upload over cellular data or wait for a wifi connection . other than camera upload , dropbox has not yet enabled syncing for other folders or items between dropbox/pc and a phone .
abruptly forcing your phone to shut-down ( holding power button until forced shut-down , pulling battery , etc . ) can cause a corrupt sd card on any device if it is currently reading/writing to the sd card . it is known that some samsung devices try to read the sd card during some random times such as when the phone is starting up . also running applications that are saved to the sd card and forcing a shutdown is asking for trouble . i would always recommend shutting the phone down properly whenever possible to minimize these issues .
if you have spare parts installed there is detailed information in there about the state of the battery . also , you can find out what is the application that is sucking up most of the battery via settings > about phone > battery use .
it depends on the app in question . handcent sms / gosms have options for changing the led colour . as an aside , there is also the ability to configure per-recipient tones , vibrate modes , notification icons and of course led colours . if you are looking for an all-in-one app to manage led notifications for commonly used apps , give light flow a try . edit : also blink
if you have a us galaxy s3 , all led programs have issues with the colors ( handcent , gosms , etc ) except lightflow . if you select green , it will be blue , etc . lightflow works flawlessly . the problme i have with lightflow is the battery would drain faster with the app installed . i ran a test where i left the phone idle for 55 mins ( no screen on , no led flashing , no gps , txt , phone . . ) and battery drainage was 8-10% . i uninstalled the app , and did the same test and battery drainage was only 4% . for now ( until gosms supports led for the us s3 ) , i am just using the built in s3 led notification option ( under system settings ) . it works , you just can not change the colors .
when i read your question it sounded like a chrome bug to me . i looked around , and yes , it is a bug on samsung 's multi-entry clipboard feature , and it is been reported here . here are two things you can do to fix this : ( 1 ) if your phone is rooted , delete the contents of "/data/clipbord/*" . ( 2 ) or , do a factory reset .
check if that happens with different launcher , if it does not you can try go launcher again with a different theme .
there is a flag Acquire_causes_wakeup in power manager , which can be used by third-party apps to turn on the screen . i would suggest an easier way to find the cause by using wakelock detector app from google play . more info about wakelock
you already pointed to the correct lines -- the interesting ones are the two immediately before it : so golauncher galaxystheme had requested a wakeup . i have read about similar issues before on another site with other golauncher components ( cannot remember which ones it were -- but it were some i do not use myself ) . in your case , there seems to be something special with the theme used . i take it you explicitly installed galaxys go launcher ex themes ( compare the apps package name in this url with the log message quoted above : yes , this is the one having requested the wakeup ) . you could try to ( temporarily ) deactivate/remove this theme and see if this helps .
did you installed any " battery widget " ? i am wondering would E/power refer to some battery widgets . i had the same problem before , after uninstalling all battery widgets and restart the phone , problem solved !
in the contacts app , press menu , then there should be some sort of option for display - this lets you change which contacts are displayed . at the minute you are probably just displaying your gmail contacts , but you should see the setting in there to display sim contacts . my advice would be to copy them to gmail , you should find some sort of export/import tool in your contacts app too - just export all contacts from your sim to a file on your phone , then import that file and select your gmail contact book , that means your contacts will always be available
if you are trying to vpn from your phone to publicly accessible computer that is also part of your lan , it really does not matter what port the vpn client on your phone uses .
if you have access to a computer that a ) is on the same wi-fi network ; and b ) runs wireshark ( http://www.wireshark.org/ ) you can probably find out the port that way .
here are the ports used by vpns pptp To allow PPTP tunnel maintenance traffic, open TCP 1723. To allow PPTP tunneled data to pass through router, open Protocol ID 47.  l2tp over ipsec
i dont think so that your need to have to port if you are willing to use vpn on android . you simply need to add the server name in the settings which will be given to you by your vpn provider . however , i will advise you to configure the setting again on vpn android . it will surely works out as one of my friend has also faced such issues while connecting to vpn but he tried the configuration steps and then able to use the vpn serviceon its android phone . follow these simple steps . . . add a new vpn connection : press the home icon , press menu , and tap settings tap wireless and networks tap vpn settings tap add vpn select the type of vpn to add ( pptp , l2tp , l2tp/ipsec psk vpn , l2tp/ipsec crt vpn ) fill in vpn details such as vpn name , vpn server , etc ( the required settings will depend on type of vpn selected and will be provided to you by your vpn provider or network admin ) click save or done . connecting to the vpn : press home icon , press menu , and tap settings tap wireless and networks tap vpn settings . the vpn connections you have added are now listed . tap the vpn you wish to connect to . a dialog box will open asking for your credentials , enter them and touch connect
implayer+ handles this funtionality . it has a healthy number of downloads and should work .
i want to know if 4.1 is set-up to use push notifications efficiently with regards to battery drain well the short answer is yes , but this sounds like a misguided question . push notifications have been around for a lot longer than 4.1 and to my knowledge there are not any major " efficiencies " that were added to the android os after 4.1 to improve handling push notifications . for push notifications to work , you need 4 components : ( 1 ) an app server that is processing data for you in the cloud and wants to inform you about an event ( for ex : twitter/facebook servers ) ( 2 ) a push notification server that can receive requests from ( 1 ) , figure out who its intended for , and dispatch a push to the right user/device combination ( ex : google cloud messaging server ) ( 3 ) a counterpart android app/service that is always running in the background and has a persistent ( always-on ) connection to ( 2 ) so it may receive the push , figure out which app it is intended for , wake up that app and send it the small push data ( ex : google play store native app ) ( 4 ) an android app that can receive this local data from ( 3 ) and figure out how best to inform the user about this push notification ( typically by putting up a notification indicator in the status bar ) ( ex : twitter android app ) . this is what the end user thinks of as a push notification . not all push notifications needs to show themselves in the status/notification bar though , they are sent silently by ( 3 ) and it is up to ( 4 ) to determine if a notification should be shown to the user ideally , even with push notifications setting turned on , ( 4 ) is not awake . it'll be awakened by ( 3 ) when ( 3 ) receives the push from ( 2 ) . google provides the gcm framework that provides ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) . so provided your apps are using gcm ( or other equivalent services like urbanairship , xtify etc ) , any excessive battery drain you might notice is the fault of ( 1 ) or ( 4 ) , both of which are the fault of the app developer . ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) maybe combined , as can ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) . so if the apps you are installing have their own push service , that is still an issue with their code , not your device or the os . additional reading : google cloud messaging architecture
push notifications are designed to be the solution to battery draining apps that constantly monitor for data that has changed locally or on a server . because of this they are very battery efficient . my phone typically will get 20 notifications in a few hours with less than 1% total battery use . if your having huge battery drain problems , your phone is probably not sleeping properly which is usually due to an app that is preventing the phone from sleeping . i might be able to help you resolve this with some more information , such as phone , android version ( or rom if your rooted ) and a screenshot of your battery screen after your phone has been running for a few hours . i will update my answer accordingly .
according to some sources , bluetooth dongle support was added in android 4.2.2 , and it requires some effort from the rom developers , so it is not in every android version . you should either ask the manufacturer for a rom that supports bt dongles , or try to find a custom rom like cyanogenmod for your device that has the support . sources : does android 4.2.2 support usb bluetooth dongle ? bluetooth dongle via otg
as life of lcd screen is measured in hours of its usage , keeping screen turned on does consume some of its life hours . but , average life of lcd screens range from 30,000 hours to 60,000 hours , so i do not think it would a matter to you .
yes , a " regular " set of headphones will work just fine , in much the same way that a single-channel earphone works in a stereo headphone jack . the other bits are for the microphone and the controls , but since your headphones will not have those it will not matter . i have had occasion to use 1st generation ipod earbuds as well as some generic earbuds in my galaxy nexus . my daughter uses a pair of headphones i had lying around ( that are probably ten years old ) in her phone when she is at home listening to music . at worst you may find a channel does not work ( no sound in one ear ) but you do not need to worry about shorting out or damaging anything . wikipedia has more information than you could possibly want to know about 3.5mm connectors .
the typical audio only jack has 3 rings , usually call tip , ring , sleeve ( trs ) . these typically map to left , right , and ground . phone manufactures wanted to make this jack work with existing headphone so they used a connector with 4 rings , called tip , ring , ring , sleeve ( trrs ) . these map to left , right , and ground just like the 3 ring , but the final connector maps to a microphone . this makes it so that if you plug an audio only cable into it , the microphone input gets connected to ground so nothing is hurt . it also means that if a headset with microphone is connected to an audio only device , the microphone is connected to ground , also hurting nothing . sources : what protocol does a headphone jack use ? leads direct : jack plugs and sockets
i do not think continuous vibration while the phone is ringing can destroy a phone . it can drain battery though . i always set mine to vibrate , and it is still fine . some phones or custom roms let you adjust how strong the vibration is .
it seems that feature has been replaced by the check-in feature that google is trying to promote , so that you use there location based app ( latitude ) . when you check-in you can add info and reviews . google it trying to promote latitude as a loaction based social app where you can share your location and interact better with your friends and also provide reviews for the selected starred location .
the battery indicator app in the first picture shown appears to be ours so i would thought i would respond . :- ) the ongoing notification shows because all ongoing notifications in android currently must display a notification as shown , and because the app must always be in memory to work correctly . you do not need a custom rom to be sure the battery is not being drained too much . over a year ago i joined with dmytro shkil to publish both battery notifier ( big text ) and battery notifier pro bt because his original program consumed less battery than any other app i had tried . tested with systempanel with the display intentionally kept on , the free and paid versions of our program today still consume less than . 01% cpu over 8 hours . we have left out fancy graphs and other eyecandy to keep our app consuming as little battery as possible . larryvgs http://batterynotifierpro.blogspot.com/
the battery power such app uses is very insignificant if well made . i use such app and it never shows up in the battery usage statistics . that makes me conclude that on a full cycle of 100% to 0% , those apps will not be responsible for even 1% . if the app you use does show up , it is too intensive and you should try another .
yes , of course they consume battery . you can go and check in settings > > battery how much is the app actually consuming . ( it should appear something like shown the following screenshot ) i think it might not consume a significant amount like other apps , but just check it and see if you are okay with the amount of battery it is consuming . also , if all you want is remaining battery percentage , i would recommend installing a custom rom like cyanogenmod that shows the percentage on the status bar itself . ( see the status bar in the screenshot below )
all battery indicator apps will consume more battery since they need to monitor the battery and that takes cpu cycles . the only difference lies in the apps themselves , on how often and precise they check the battery level and other extra stuff ( stats , eyecandy , . . . ) .
so , based on the comments above you do need a notification solution . the obvious one is just to turn off notifications for the email app , or to turn down the volume before you go to bed . you could also use an app like tasker to do the latter automatically based on profiles that you set . for example you can have it mute notifications when plugged in to charge : http://androidforums.com/1207528-post3.html
probably the best way to test it is to write data to all of it and see if one of the following occurs : the write fails the data/files do not show when you look for them the data cannot be read the data is corrupt you can not flag sectors as bad as far as i am aware , though , due to the fat filesystem of sd cards .
have you tried formatting your sd card in a dedicated reader , as opposed to doing it directly on the phone ? most phones ( and even most laptops ' built-in sd card readers ) have problems writing sd card partitions . i usually format my sd cards in a stand-alone card reader hooked up to my pc via usb . also , it is probably worth re-partitioning it with partition editor from ubuntu livecd .
there are multiple solutions available : using an usb cable if you connect your device to your pc via an usb cable , it shares ( parts of ) its storage to the pc . with versions prior to android 4 . x your device usually identifies as usb storage ( like any external disk/usb-stick attached ) , never android versions might use mtp instead , which might require special drivers on your pc to be used . once connected , you can transfer files easily between pc and android device . using a card reader if your device features a slot for sd cards , you could simply remove the sd card from your device ( remember to unmount it first via the device 's setup menu ) , put it into a card reader , and attach it to the pc . it should then pop-up on your pc as " usb storage " as described above . wireless solutions ( browser-based ) there are a bunch of wireless solutions available -- and this is not the place to list them all . principially , you can install any ftp/web server , and configure it to offer the directories you wish to access . as this might be too complicated for many users , there are quite easy solutions . the probably most well-known is airdroid , which offers a nice interface to manage almost your entire device from your pc : as the example screenshot shows , a file browser is included -- and permits you to upload and download files to/from your device . a second example for an easy-to-use app would be wifi file transfer , which -- as the name suggests -- is specialized to transfer files via wifi : there are many more possibilities , just check the playstore . a good starting point are the playstore pages of the mentioned two examples , then lookup related apps . other wireless solutions there are many more wireless solutions available . as logos mentioned it in his comment , i will add some examples here for completeness : samba you can use apps like samba filesharing to turn your android device into a samba server . in short , samba ( or smb , or cifs ) is the protocol used by windows shares . linux also understands this protocol . using samba , one thus can access the android device 's file system ( without root , this will be restricted to the internal/external sd card ) like any samba-/windows share . webdav several apps like e.g. davdrive can share the android device 's storage via the webdav protocol . this works via http , but can also be accessed like a " shared drive " using the appropriate software on the pc . bluetooth do not forget that we also have this available -- at least on our android devices . but also keep in mind this is much slower than wifi . nevertheless , it can be facilitated using apps like bluetooth file transfer . ftp the file transfer protocol also is an option . there are several apps available turning an android device into an ftpserver . . . other solutions for completeness , let 's just name them in short : ssh server , web server , file synchronization tools ( like e.g. foldersync ) , and probably several other options i am currently unaware of . . .
i do not think you can calibrate the gps in any device . to calibrate the compass , in every device mobile device i have seen , you just need to draw 8 's in the air with the device and turn it up and down few times . but this calibration does not last very long , i guess depending on the device .
unmounting an sd card is comparable to the " safely remove device " feature of windows , which should be used when removing usb drives etc . if you remove the device without notifying the os that the connection is going to be lost , some data may not be written to the device , and corruption and data loss can occur . this is because the os uses buffers to store the data before transferring it to the device itself . even though the operation appears to be complete , there still may be some data left in the buffer and waiting to be written to the device . unmounting/safely removing the device forces there buffers to be written to the device before removal , thus preventing corruption . i would recommend either getting used to going through the menus to unmount the sd , or if your device supports , using a widget like eject sd for easier access . powering off the device works too , but as you mentioned , it is a bit slower .
yes , totally normal . this is the ui 's way of telling you that you have reached the edge .
you could always try the trick of sticking the phone in rice along with the things that tom pointed out . but in the end , since you can already see the damage , it might already be too late . seeing that you have a newer phone , you might still be under warranty , so i hate to say it but that probably will be your best bet if you want a completely fixed phone . water damage is the worst to phones !
it looks like your screen has been effected by the water and needs a new screen . you can also open it up and dry the screen and digitalizer carefully . maybe the screen and digitalizer are still wet on the inside . ifixit has said that it is " impossible " to repair it ( open it up and being able to close it again ) , so be warned . the other option is to turn your phone off and put it in the oven for a short few minutes . the heat will come into the phone and the water will dry up , but it is not guarenteed , since it looks like the screen has already been infected . it is best to let a technician do it is thing . take note that waterdamage is probably not a warranty thing , so that they are charging serious money . it is your choice to let it repair or not , because i do not think your phone will suddenly stop functioning . if it does , you can always let your phone being repaired later .
depending on your warranty , budget and how much time you have got to invest in the fix . . . under warranty : if your phone is under warranty , contact the store you bought it from and find out if water damage is covered . . . if it is , you are golden ! let them fix it for free . otherwise , read on . . . cheap , does not void warranty , but takes time : start with using a desiccant to try to dry-out the phone . this is the least invasive way to try to fix the problem as you do not have to take the phone apart , but as much water as it seems you have got in your phone . . . it could takes days to dry it out . if you have got rice around , then find some kind of container/tupperware that you can seal your phone in along with a bunch of rice . then leave it sealed ( important to seal it , so the rice is pulling the moisture from the phone and not the air ) like that for several days . the other option , if you want something a little stronger than rice is to stop by an art and craft store and buy some desiccant bags . do the same thing with sealing your phone in with the desiccant and leave for a couple of days and then check on it . cheap , but risky and could potentially void warranty : check the internet and sites like ifixit for directions on taking apart your phone . do so and carefully dab dry any pools of wetness you find and then leave all the pieces out in the open air to dry overnight . put it all back together the next day and the phone should be all better . . . and you will have had the experience of taking apart a phone ! safest , does not void warranty , but likely expensive : bring the phone to an authorized repair store and have them fix it . if the warranty does not cover it , it'll likely cost quite a bit but since it is done by an authorized repair shop , you will not lose warranty status in case something else happens .
you can give this a try : 1 . if you are in windows machine download my public wifi and install 2 . set desired network name ( ssid ) and network key i.e. password . let enable internet sharing check box be checked in , and select the appropriate network connection from which you are accessing internet in your pc or laptop . 3 . press “set up and start hotspot“ , this makes your pc as hotspot . 4 . now try connecting from your droid
first , you should your phone has been root and can access to cwm , you can goolged the ad-hoc patch which is suitable for your phone 's rom version ( 2.3.4 rom or other ) , you can search in xda forum .
the whatsapp faq has instructions that should help you : to delete a single message from a conversation open whatsapp and go to the chat window with the message you want to delete . highlight the message . press the ' del ' key on your keyboard . to delete an individual or group chat in the chats screen , highlight the chat you wish to delete . press the button and select delete chat or delete and exit group . to delete your entire chat history and remove yourself from all groups go to whatsapp > settings . scroll to the bottom and select advanced settings . press the button and select delete chat history . note : using delete chat history will delete all chats from the chats screen , as well as remove yourself from all groups . to delete all messages in a conversation without closing the chat window or leaving the group open the chat . press the button and select clear conversation . to clear all chat history , but continue to participate in groups go to whatsapp > settings . scroll to the bottom and select advanced settings . press the button and select clear all chats . note : using clear all chats will not remove you from any groups .
the problem is that some systems think of different ways to use the exif information . there are several possiblities , but for the motorola milestone ( droid in the us ) it was that the picture got a " rotated " mark in the exif , but it did not get the height/width set correctly ( example : lets say you have a hxw = 3x4 camera . if you take a landscape shot , you will get the normal hxw= 3x4 sized shot , and everything is fine . if you take a portrait shot , you still get the hxw = 3x4 ( but you would want to see hxw = 4x3 ) , and an extra mark that says " this shot was rotated ) . some programs could work with this ( twitpic for instance ) , but some coudn't . now you might face the same issue . i would look into your shots , and check what the exif says . if the exif has one of these issues , you might need to change ( possibly use some sort of automatic process ) the exif . also , another viewer might help here .
maybe the metainformation about the file is incorrect , try to copy to a pc and check it ( right-click -> properties )
you can go in " settings " -> " applications " and make sure the " unknown sources " option is checked . then you should be able to install apps that are not from the market .
you can allow your device to install non-market apps by going to " settings " > " applications " and checking " unknown sources " . this should allow you to install non-market apps although your settings menu may be slightly different . once you have it enabled check out this question if you need more info . if you are on at and t in the u.s. you should check out this question .
depending on which phone network you got your phone from , you should be able to change that setting ( i believe that at and t in the us do not allow that setting to be changed ) . go into settings on your phone ( on the home screen press menu and then select settings from the settings menu , select applications in that screen you should see a tickbox labelled unknown sources allow installation of non-market applications if you take the tick out of that box , then you should be able to install any apps that you want to .
i was struggling with the same issue for a while . finally , found a way out to track traffic coming from the emulator . you can start the emulator using : emulator -avd &lt;emuName&gt; -http-proxy http://&lt;SYSTEM_IP&gt;:&lt;PORT&gt; where emuname should be replaced with your emulator instance 's name ; system_ip should be replaced with your system 's ip address and port should be the port where the interceptor is running . you can take a look at this : http://stick2code.blogspot.in/2014/04/intercept-http-requests-sent-from-app.html . hope it helps !
my sgs2 has a scratch . normal use , probably my keys did it , i assumed the gorilla glass would be safe , but was sorely disappointed ! wish i would shelled out for protection !
the s2 has samsung 's toughened gorilla glass screen , see the videos in this answer to a previous question for attempts to scratch the gorilla glass on an original galaxy s : looking for a robust android smartphone i can say that i have had an original galaxy s for over a year now , and regularly keep it in a trouser pocket with my house keys , have dropped it a few times , and other slight accidents , and while the back and sides of the cover have scratches and chips on them the screen is still absolutely unmarked . however what you might want to consider is the fact that the camera lens on the back apparently is not gorilla glass , see this question is samsung galaxy s ii rear camera gorilla glass too ?
just got mine a few weeks ago . i do not think you will need a screen protector but at the same time if you put your phone in the same pocket as your keys or even spare change , you are asking for trouble
it is very tough but not magic , i do have a very tiny scratch on mine i have no idea how it got there . the only way to scratch something is with a substance that is harder than it is , the mohs scale is used to show the hardness of materials . i have read that non-oxidized aluminum according to the mohs hardness scale has a hardness of 2.75 , gorilla glass is estimated to be about 7.5 but aluminum oxide , aluminum will get a coating it is like rust on iron but this is aluminum , the aluminum oxide has a hardness of 9 . aluminum oxide is better known as corundum mohs 9 but high quality versions are called ruby and sapphire . so if you have old oxidized aluminum car or house keys maybe some coins or whatever they will probably scratch a gorilla glass screen since they are harder than it .
seems i just needed to wait a little longer for the " copying . . . " dialog to pop up again . windows is weird sometimes .
like most sms , contacts , or dialer apps , the contact photos either come from : facebook google other apps manually set by user ( owner of phone ) in the last case , only you can see it . it is not possible to share / broadcast this image since it is your photo that you added to your own local contact . for facebook contacts or google contacts , the photos come from the profile picture of your social media account . this is what is visible to other users , only if they have shown facebook / google contacts , instead of just phone contacts . otherwise , they still will not see your photo .
to get around this problem is very simple . do these actions : use your web browse on the android device and go to website "books.google.com/ebooks" pick and download any sample book ( click on get sample ) once you have saved a sample book you will be able to successfully launch the books application without the process error . good luck
i had the same problem , and fixed it by opening a preview of a different book first . after that , i could open the other books too . make sure you open it from within the play store app , and not from google books .
the solution is time ; an update to this app fixes this bug .
i am having this same problem on my htc thunderbolt . the way to fix it is to go into settings - applications and then stop the swype application . after you can set your keyboard to swype again and it will work . there is probably a bug in the newest version .
in motorola atrix 2 , when swype keyboards freezes , i simply keep pressing on the keyboard area , so a popup notice tells the aplication will force closure . that is a quick way to make the keyboard restart and work .
this may be a symptom of the swype application data becoming corrupted following a hardware upgrade . to resolve this , go into settings > manage applications > all > swype and clear the application data . then force the swype service to restart .
it probably did not exist when you posted this question , but now ted air can download a video to watch it offline .
i would suggest using doubletwist . doubletwist will re-encode any video to be suitable for your device , simply by dragging the video onto your device listed in the program . doubletwist has built-in functionality for subscribing to podcasts , but i use itunes to organize podcasts , then use doubletwist to send the content to , and play the content on , my htc hero .
i use beyondpod ( the full version ) to watch ted talks all the time . it pulls in a list of the videos from the feed and you can choose to download which ever ones you want and then play them right in beyondpod . there is no data connection required .
as of this date , simply download the official ted app and select the talk you like to view offline . then tap the download icon to the top-right corner to download . you can then play the downloaded videos offline from My Talks tab . if you are a kind of person who like to play the videos at higher speed , you can get apps that support fast playback such as VLC for Android or Dice Player . since all the downloaded files are stored in /sdcard/Android/data/com.ted.android/files/ , you can point the video player to that path . hope this helps someone .
wow . . . i saw this quesion , thought " there is gotta be something " . . . but a quick look around the market and web search shows there is nothing that is popular . i did find this article about podcast managers for android . i thought google listen could do this ? or maybe it only recently added that functionality ?
when you add your email account through the gmail app ( menu &rarr ; accounts &rarr ; add account ) , you will usually need to use your full email address for the " username " , rather than just your internal username . in addition , if your company uses single sign-on for google apps ( that is , if the login page for your business gmail is not on google . com and does not look like the gmail login page ) , you may need to set up a separate password for accessing gmail from a non-web interface . for this you will need to talk to your it department .
google apps has special setup ( expand the " hidden " section for android ) -- not hard at all , though . i have set it up in more than one app as i try them out : to configure the ' email ' app on an android device for access to google apps email , just follow the steps below : enable imap in your mail settings . on your phone , press &lt ; home > , then open the email application . on the ' your accounts ' page , select next to get started with setup . enter your full google apps email address and password , then select next . select imap account and then select next . on the ' incoming server settings ' page , some fields may be pre-populated . make sure to change the following : for ' username , ' enter your full google apps email address for ' imap server , ' enter 'imap.gmail.com' for ' port , ' enter '993' for ' security type , ' select ' ssl ( always ) '' select next . on the ' outgoing server settings ' page , some fields may be pre-populated . make sure to change the following : for ' smtp server ' enter 'smtp.gmail.com' for ' port , ' enter '465' for ' security type , ' select ' ssl ( always ) '' select next and continue through the setup options .
try opening the gmail app , then hit menu and click " accounts " . try to add your account this way . if that does not work then you will need to use the mail app and add the account as pop or imap .
you should be able to add your business email ( and calendar ) as an additional google account ( i have with mine ) - obviously making sure you enter your full email address including your company domain . if this is not working then speak to your domain admin in case they have locked down mobile access somehow :o/
force stop is a one-off action , not a thing you enable or disable . force-stopping an app does not prevent it restarting any time it would normally start : when you launch it from the apps menu , or through a share action , or automatically via an alarm , broadcast , or on start-up . the question you link to talks about whether the button is clickable ( enabled ) or greyed-out ( disabled ) . that is to say , it is about under what circumstances the force stop button is available for you to click . force-stopping an app just stops it once , when you click the button . the only long-term effect it has is that force-stopping an app might ( in rare cases ) corrupt its settings files , making it behave unpredictably in future .
sounds like you will need to roll your own telephony gateway . this kind of thing can get complicated very quickly , so your milage will depend on the amount of free time you have to devote to the project and your knowledge of telecommunications . at its most basic , you need to do this : a quick google search revealed asterisk as a free , open-source option for creating your own gateway . you will need desktop/server hardware that can communicate with ethernet and analog phone lines as well as sip client software for your android phone ( like sipdroid ) . this kind of setup should allow you to receive all calls on your android phone and place calls from your android through your land line . asterisk seems to have decent documentation and community support so it should just be a matter of putting it all together and getting the gateway configured correctly .
i was looking for a device like this myself , and could not find anything , so i will put it on my wish list for some fun with electronic projects to make someday . however an alternative for now but not exactly what you want because it still uses the internet however at least you can use the android to answer your landline calls is to get a free google voip or other fee based voip service like callcentric and set up the softphone app on the phone ( softphone not work with google voice , have to use googles software for that ) then set your landline to forward all calls to your voip phone , if not know how to set a landline to forward calls ask your phone service they will tell you its a few key presses , however your landline will not ring until you deactivate that setting , unless the phone service has option to ring n# of time then forward the call , but probably an extra fee for that . anyway that is kind of a work around until someone makes such a thing , but the demand for that is probably low , since the trend in the public is to only have cell service , and not use landlines . however for me it is a neat idea and want to make it for myself , will probably use scraps from an old useless phone , add in a cheap microcontroller with a bluetooth to talk to the android then write some software to make it all work the way i want it to . probably can do it with a pc and pc modem , and route the audio to the bluetooth , but i not want to have a full big box pc on consuming power 24/7 just for that .
if you ' re looking to get your home phone call to your cell device , you just need to call your cell from your home phone and then press *72 i believe and your calls will be send to your cell phone . check your land phone provide to find how to do that . . . not sure it is 72 . . . but pretty sure , then to get the call back to your land line , you press *73 on your land phone . hope this help .
the answer to the question is yes and i do it . i use a raspberry pi running raspbx so within the house most things are sip or dect . my main phone is a gigaset dx800a which supports sip and also dect . these dect phones attached to the dx800a become sip extensions . the phone in my office is an aastra 6739i ( sip ) with a sennheiser dect headset . i have a linksys spa3102-uk which connects the pstn landline to the raspberry pi . the mobile phone can run any sip software and become an internal extension , and thus make and receive landline calls . as to being a workable solution then it depends on your cellphone coverage and how you use your cellphone ( do you need sms ? ) . another useful configuration is the dx800a will allow you to connect to you cell phone via bluetooth and make a receive calls from the dx800a or any dect handsets attached to it . so in this situation you carry around a dect handset and you can make and receive calls from both the mobile number and landline number . i would like to find an app that converts the mobile into a sip/gsm gateway such that the android phone can be connected to the asterisk based raspbx and be used to make outgoing and incoming calls via gsm . this way i could use my calling plan to make calls from my sip based desk phone going out via the mobile ( routing controlled by raspbx ) . but do not know of one as yet .
to my knowledge , an app has to register for that -- so it is not simply a question of configuration . you might want to try some other apps which are able to handle kml files , e.g. locus maps . if it registers itself for this file type , it then should appear in the selection , and you can make it the default app . as it turned out , this was exactly what happened with maps with me , so that is one candidate working for kml files .
generally , apps register for a mime type , not necessarily for a particular extension . if the email has the attachment marked as the wrong mime type , then android will show apps that handle the mime type that the email claims it is . perhaps the sender of this attachment needs to configure his email client to report the right mime type for the file . as a workaround , you could try saving/downloading the attachment to your phone and then opening it directly : that way , the phone will detect what type it is instead of trusting the email 's claim .
the android builtin wifi tethering is designed to use 192.168.43.1/24 as the server , with netd handling the tethering , using dnsmasq . first dns range is 192.168.42.1-254 and and 2nd dns range is 192.168.43.1-254 . netd is not easy to change . it requires a socket to communicate with it , and that socket is taken when android starts tethering . but going through the source files for tethering . java ( i used froyo ) we see : and later on we see those ranges used , as backups . the main source for the dhcp ranges is not the hardcoded 42 and 43 , but read from array . config_tether_dhcp_range , an internal string array . but it is currently empty . you could edit the android framework . on my phone , it is /system/framework/framework-res . apk . there are a ton of tutorials online for editing framework-res . apk , from simple strings to full theming . find one for your phone and android version . main thing you want to change is the /res/values/arrays . xml look for &lt;array name="config_tether_dhcp_range" /&gt; change to : compile/zip/sign as needed ( follow a tutorial ) , then reinstall . if you want more than one range , just copy the two items over and over . you always need to provide a start and a stop for each range . try to keep it in the same /24 , ie 192.168.50.5 and 192.168.50.99 or whatever . you can confirm it is working with busybox ps | grep dnsmasq or if you do not have busybox ps dnsmasq then use the pid in cat /proc/pid/cmdline . you should get ( or similar ) : /system/bin/dnsmasq --no-daemon --no-poll -no-resolv --dhcp-range=192.168.50.5,192.168.50.99,1h fwiw , my wifi tethering uses the default dnsmasq ranges , yet my computer was assigned 192.168.43.147/24 and gateway 192.168.43.1/24 . not sure why yours defaulted to a 42 . x address .
program storage is the amount of space taken up by the actual app , i.e. the apk size , personal data storage is the space taken up by your personal data . i.e. if you have a to-do list program it would likely create a database and all the to-do are added to the database which would take up personal data storage space . the only way to reduce personal data storage is to clear the app data , but this will delete all your personal data for the app , i.e. settings and based on the example above all of your to-do 's . what i tend to do is go to settings > applications > manage applications and then go to the all tab . then on the menu go to sort by size and clear some of the apps near the top that take the most amount of size that are not a big deal if i lose the data . google maps is usually one that takes a lot of personal data storage space . hope this helps
if you use easytether , you can always have it enabled on your device and simply right click the icon in the tray ( windows ) or enable it via terminal ( linux ) and be on your way . not quite ' default ' but one click is pretty good . and easytether uses nothing when you are not attached to a computer , so no wasted battery or processing . it does display a notification icon to be persistent ( not be killed ) , but you might be able to turn it off . as far as it knowing , you have to have the client installed , so any computer you hook it to that did not both have the client and have you enable it computer-side would do nothing . hope that helps !
ok . i did not get any specific responses/solutions ( thanks for the comments i did get thought ) , but it did prompt me to dig deeper since no one had an answer . i looked in the google play store and found several apps under " lockscreen " , " notificaitons " , or a combination of the two words . i found several apps that had some good features , but none really came close to providing rich/detailed notifications . some apps that i installed and tested . - nils notificaitons - widgetlocker - lock screen notifications - espier notifications- this one was promising , but never worked quite right in the end , i found one app that doesnt show up with the keywords " lockscreen " or " notificaitons " . this app required a lot of configuration , and you have to install some helper email apps . but the final result is acceptable ( image below ) . it also has some nice features , like the ability to add widgets ( in this case i added a weather widget ) . i could never do that on iphone , so it may be a good trade off . executive assistant paid version and executive assistant free version i hope this helps anyone looking for rich " iphone " like notifications .
try slide lock . it is awesome . just like ios version . ( click image for a larger version )
this simple app creates " false apps " . we can assign a shortcut to a " false app " . if we click on the " false app " , the shortcut will be executed : shortcut launcher in google play app store
summing up from the comments : first you need to understand that updating apps works different on android than it does on a " normal " linux distro : there is no such thing as " apt " . though android has its own package manager ( listening to the pm command ) , installs/updates are usually dealt with by services/apps like google-play-store or other alternative-markets . pm would rather be comparable with dpkg on debian-based systems : it can do local installs ( i.e. . with the .apk file already present on the device itself : pm install would be the command for that ) , and a lot of other things . apart from that : a terminal app can be compared with a terminal on linux allright . you get a text-mode " window " where you can execute commands . most are even similar to those available on linux , as android is linux based : you have things like cd , ls , grep , and more . for details on this , you might wish to take a look at e.g. ten basic android terminal commands you should know ( androidcentral ) using the terminal ( xda ) android terminal commands ( xda ) android shell command reference ( github ) our command-line tag-wiki a look into our terminal tag-wiki will not hurt either : ) i would say all terminal apps available for android should support the above . some even offer additional features , such as an entire development environment ( terminal ide ) , or access to remote servers ( juicessh ) .
no it is not . commercial gps receivers ( like the one in your phone ) only work below 18 km and below 515 m/sec . the rationale behind this is that this way they can not be used in ballistic missiles ( yes , i am serious . ) in order to circumvent this you had need to flash a different firmware to your gps chip , if you did not do this you are safe . no current android device ships with munitions grade gps receiver .
you can test that the triggers work like they should with dock simulator ( market link ) . run it and try " car dock " to see what should happen when you dock the phone . if nothing happens , it might be a problem in your triggers . otherwise , it is the dock or your phone 's magnetic sensor . try dialing *#0*# and selecting Magnetic to access a self test of the magnetic sensor .
there are two ways , depending on your firmware version . they work on both locked and unlocked bootloader . requirements having adb drivers installed ( usually installed with sony pc companion ) having enabled Unknown Sources having enabled USB Debugging pc companion must not be running 12.0 . a . 1.211/257 ( c5302 , c5303 , c5306 ) ; 12.0 . a . 1.284 ( c5302 only ) ( credits for doomlord , guide from this thread ) download this archive and extract it . connect your phone to your computer . in the extracted folder , double click on the runme . bat file . follow the instructions ( usually one key to tap ) . reboot your device if it does not do it itself . 12.0 . a . 2.245/254 ( any device ) ( credits for doomlord , guide from this thread ) in these versions , sony has patched the exploit , so we need to flash an older kernel that has the exploit and then reflash the kernel of our actual firmware version . this requires flashtool . download this archive and extract it . download the kernel file from 1.257 firmware . if your actual firmware version is 2.245 , download this kernel file . if it is 2.254 , download this one . open flashtool , click on flash icon ( see image ) , select flashmode , browse to 1.257 kernel ftf , validate . disconnect your device , shut it down , then while pushing on the volume down button plug your device to your computer . the illumination bar should go green . wait for flashtool to finish , then reboot . close flashtool in the extracted folder , run the runme_ file ( exact name depends on your os ) . once it is finished , shutdown your device . open flashtool again , repeat the same steps as before , but select the kernel ftf for your actual version ( 2.245 or 2.254 ) . plug your device in flashmode . when flashtool has finished , you can reboot and finally enjoy your root ! jelly bean 4.3 ( 12.1 . a . 0.266 ) ( any device ) as for 12.0 . a . 2.245 and 12.0 . a . 2.254 , the exploit is fixed , so we need to root while being on an older firmware ( 2.254 preferably ) , flash the new stock rom zip via recovery and flash the new kernel via flashtool . ( thanks to niaboc79 for this method ) . downloads : 12.1 . a . 0.266 ftf ( full or kernel only ) recovery stock rom deodexed or any stock based rom of your choice superuser fix update to 12.0 . a . 2.254 . root using the 2nd method . close flashtool unzip the recovery archive and run the . bat file . put the rom and fix zip on your phone . reboot in recovery ( power off your phone , then power on and press ( not maintain ) volume up on multiple times until it vibrates ) . flash the rom . flash the fix . advanced -> power off if it ask you about a su overwrite , select no open flashtool and flash only the kernel from the . 266 ftf . ( see screenshot from niaboc79 ) unplug , power on and enjoy android 4.3 with root !
if the " other " calls are usually at certain times of the day , you could use tasker to automate things for you .
you probably will not be able to access much of your internal storage via the web browser . the url you mentioned , file:///sdcard/ , consists of two parts : the protocol ( file:// ) , and the path ( /sdcard/ ) . so basically , you just have to change the path accordingly . you can check with a file manager what the path to the desired destination is .
one alternative is " multi-user app share " , which is available from the play store . you can share an installed app with other users . data from the app will not be shared . shared paid apps will most likely not be validated when used , provided your tablet has a network connection . you will need root to be able to do this .
kitkat does indeed allow having multiple accounts use the play store in a single profile . first , create a new " shared " google account . then add this account to each of the kids ' profiles on their tablets . when adding this account to the device profiles , do not sync any of the email , calendar and other google services for the account . from the goole play store home page , you can select which account you had like to use to purchase apps . to prevent unintended purchases , make sure to adjust the settings so that a password is required for every purchase . select the shared account and purchase an app . then , on a second device , select the same shared account and download apps that were purchased on the first device . while there a little extra initial setup , this has been a great solution for sharing paid apps between the kids ' devices .
there is a possible quick solution , depending on the phone in consideration : go to settings-> sound-> music effects and depending on the phone , you may by default have an app that controls the music effects within which you should easily find your desired setting . but if your phone is rooted , a more reliable solution would be to install the music effects app/driver : viper ( basically a 3rd party audio driver for android ) which can be turned on or off at will . the app , in addition to being able to fix an unbalanced stereo has a powerful and wide spectrum of amazing sound enhancement options which is a must have whether you have an unbalanced stereo or not ! in fact i can not enjoy music with it turned off anymore : ( - - - - ; )
system > accessibility > hearing i am using lg g2
i overcame this by clicking install on desktop play store , on apps one by one . edit : on my desktop i go to google play then find the un-linked apps one by one and click on install button . then on my phone i can see those app are included on my apps list in play store app .
answer with android 4.0 ics , charge only mode is no longer available . unfortunately there is no app to deal with this issue afaik . you can try , but i believe that this is not possible with your phone , but for future readers , placing the phone in " media transfer mode " , allows access to sd cards on both phone and computer . further into this matter one can always disable the " automount " feature from the host os : windows 7 click " start" ; at the search box type " autoplay" ; select " autoplay " from the search results list , should be under " control panel" ; find the " mixed content " option and select " take no action " from the selectbox . this will effectively disable automount for devices like mobile phones . by my tests , the phone does not ask to " turn on usb storage " either . ubuntu using gui : access the " software center" ; search for " dconf editor" ; install and after , open it ; navigate to " org " -> " gnome " -> " desktop " -> " media-handling" ; un-tick " automount " and " automount-open " . using command line : open the terminal ; type gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.media-handling automount false . use true to enable it again .
you can plug the phone in and charge it using a powered usb hub that is not connected to a computer , this will just charge without mounting drives . it sounds like something you probably will not have handy , but have a look at your pc 's screen . many modern screens have powered usb sockets , but are not actually connected to the pc ( unless you plug a second usb a-> b cable between the screen and pc which many people never do ) . i charge my phone at work this way by plugging it into the screen , as we are not allowed to plug un-approved usb devices into our pcs ( and if we do they are actively blocked ) .
from your home screen go to your settings . depending on the phone ( i have the htc evo design 4g for boost mobile ) you should see an option for " connect to pc " . select this option and you should see two things . the first is " default connection type " and the second is " ask me " . ask me will have a box beside that you would check . once checked and you exit back tothe home screen any time you connect to your pc itwill bring up the prompt again .
assuming the phone and your laptop are on the same network and the web server is listening on the right ports , you should be able to just use the local ip of your laptop . http://192.168.1.100/ ( or whatever the ip address happens to be )
one solution to your problem probably is reverse tether : other than your hotspot functionality ( which lets you use your phones internet connection with other devices via wifi ) , this allows you to use your computers network via usb , as the screenshots imply . thus your phone gets a ( configurable ) ip address ( pic1: " desired ip" ) matching your computers ( pic1: " gateway ip" ; it is important that both are part of the same subnet ) , and then you can access your computers web services from your android device as described before ( using the computer 's ip ) . drawback : this solution requires your device to be rooted . i will check further , maybe i find a similar solution not requiring root , and then will update my answer with that new information . update : if your computer is equipped with wifi , an " adhoc connection " could also provide a solution . you might want to take a look at the question how to connect android wifi to adhoc wifi ? for details on this . and there is a brand new article just published today at pc advisor : connect android phone to ad hoc network , which might be even more helpful to you .
can be done through a bluetooth pan network using the internet sharing feature on smartphone . as soon as both belong in same pan network , smartphone can navigate host 's web server .
i am assuming that you can not factory reset it via the os , so the best thing you can do is to boot into recovery mode . this is of course as long as you can see the options on the screen . so once in recovery mode , you can select the option to factory reset the entire phone , apart from your sd card that is . entering recovery mode restart your phone . when your phone 's notification led is pink , or any other colour , press the volume up or volume down button a couple of times . you should now be looking at the recovery mode screen . once you are in recovery mode , it should be pretty easy for you to navigate up or down , using the volume buttons . select a preferred option by pressing the power button . just look for the option to reset your phone . sources : www.theandroidsoul.com
the simple way to factory reset for unrooted phone is to perform a factory reset via pc companion . download pc companion and install open up pc companion and click on support zone ( do not connect your phone yet ) click on the phone software update it will says could not find phone because you havent connect it yet ! so , dont connect it and click on the repair phone like this picture . follow onscreen instruction .
first method : turn on bluetooth on your phones . use the bb to look for the samsung , then when u find it , pair it . then click on the samsung phone , and u should get the option to transfer contacts . not too sure about the other stuff . second method : try phone to phone transfer app . phone to phone transfer can be downloaded from the androidphonesoft website free of cost and its the same with itunes , then connect your blackberry and samsung s3 to computer , run the program then you will see all the itmes on the program , just start to copy , all of your data will be transfered to galaxy s3 , very easy , this artilce may help you : how to transfer contacts from blackberry to samsung galaxy s3
try to use astro or if possible ( i mean if you are rooted ) root explorer . in case " move " fails , then try " copy " first and after successful copy revert to the original location and delete the aforementioned file . you are done !
i would use x-plore file manager . it has a split-view and you can simply open the location you wish to copy from on one side , and the location you wish to copy to on the other side , and long-press and choose move from the menu . the move location will be the location you have open in the other pane by default .
if your device have hardware buttons like menu , home , back buttons , you can get those options by clicking menu button . those 3 dots denotes menu options for an app . actually its useful for devices with capacitive ( software ) buttons . currently i am not sure about your device , and i can not find any device named galaxy grade . i you meant galaxy grand it have hardware buttons and you can use menu button as mentioned earlier .
for mtk devices you should use sp flash tool please find a complete tutorial here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1982587 propably this will save you from the currently situation . i am not responsible for anything may happen .
this post may assist you ( similar symptoms but no blue light . . . worth a try ) : http://forums.androidcentral.com/google-nexus-4/312151-solved-nexus-4-wont-turn-charge.html basically it states to try to get your phone into " recovery mode " and then select " start " . . . see if this at least wakes up your phone . it includes a link to this youtube video with step-by-step instructions : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=e0fvhfg6t2i#t=159
in general , the slower your clock speed , the less power consumption will be used on your device . but if you are lowering your clock speed . . . then things will run sluggish , especially if you drop below the 500mhz range . setcpu has different " profiles " that controls the behavior of your cpu . you can make it run at full maximum performance ( for best response times and worst battery usage ) , but typically you use the default one where it only " speeds up " the processor when it is actually used and needed . you could , for example , have setcpu lower your clock speed to something much lower than normal when the screen is off . kernels also matter . some people have made " low voltage " kernels that can help with your battery life . but your mileage will vary with using kernels other than the stock one because they usually go outside the bounds of your cpu 's specifications ( so a " low voltage " kernel may work well on one device but not another device ) . device manufacturers want you to have a good experience with your device at stock settings . by changing the clock speed ( to a lower speed ) , you should be expecting a degradation in performance at the cost of better battery life .
as you have got root on your device , that should be possible by synchronizing time via ntp . for details , see e.g. time server for android . remaining question , though , is whether this would really override other time settings of the device ( e . g . using your mobile network provider 's time , which android might use by default – see nitz and where time information is received from the network ? ) if they differ too much . this might be avoided by : in settings→date and time , disable automatic time adjustment install one of the apps mentioned in time server for android to take care for it setup your own " fake-time-server " make that " fake-time-server " the one to be used by the app from 2 .
this battery university article has a summary that states the following •a portable device should be turned off while charging . this allows the battery to reach the threshold voltage unhindered and reflects the correct saturation current responsible to terminate the charge . a parasitic load confuses the charger . •charge at a moderate temperature . do not charge below freezing . •lithium-ion does not need to be fully charged ; a partial charge is better . •chargers use different methods for “ready” indication . the light signal may not always indicate a full charge . •discontinue using charger and/or battery if the battery gets excessively warm . •before prolonged storage , apply some charge to bring the pack to about half charge . •over-discharged batteries can be “boosted” to life again . discard pack if the voltage does not rise to a normal level within a minute while on boost . i would also add that heat is the single worst enemy of any battery . keeping it cooler is always better . not cold , just cooler . any usage will cause heat , and do not worry about that , leaving it plugged in can generate a lot of heat at times .
this sounds a lot like the bug introduced in android 4.1 jelly bean that ( probably due to drm and encryption ) will install any paid application to /mnt/asec , even if it contains an account service . this has a side-effect of having all accounts associated with such apps being removed on every reboot . this google code issue has more details . as of android 4.2.1 , it looks like the issue has not been resolved . many developers resort to creating a second " jb work-around " app that is free , and therefore can be properly installed and is able prevent the accounts of the main app from disappearing on reboot .
why not try other apps like solid explorer , es file explorer or explorer ? they have options to show hidden files .
you should try astro file manager . you can not find your hidden folders or files ? astro fm is very robust and due to user requests , astro added the ability to override " global settings " with " directory specific settings " . first , go to look and feel under preferences ( menu , more , preferences , look and feel ) . click on show hidden files . if this does not work , it is because the directory that you have created some directory specific settings on the directory you are in . you can either : a ) go back to look and feel and click reset directories which will wipe out any directory specific settings , or b ) go to the directory your hidden files are in ( probably your sd card directory ) and click view , set directory options , and click show hidden files in that directory . taken from here
first , you should be aware of the difference between " hidden folders " and " inaccessible folders": hidden folders : names start with a dot , e.g. /sdcard/.android_secure . these files you can see enabling the " hidden files " option in file explorers . inaccessible folders : folders you will not see due to lacking permissions , e.g. those in /data . to protect your apps ' data , those folders belong to the corresponding application , and are only accessible by the app ( in the context of file-permissions ; please see the tag 's wiki for closer information on those ) . to make those visible , you need root access on your device , and a file explorer supporting that ( e . g . es file explorer ) so while you were asking for the former ( "hidden folders" ) , you were really referring to the latter : data/com.android.lmt/ belongs to the lmt launcher .
maybe turning data enabled to off ( mobile network settings on cm9 ) might help . in that way , it'll sync only when wifi is available .
what this means is that google decrypts as it streams so that if a file is cut off from streaming midway through , there is still a secure decrypted part remaining thus limiting the damage to the file if it is intercepted . this guy works for google so i think he know whats he saying ( gapps ) / websites used : http://www.quora.com/google-drive/what-does-settings-streaming-decryption-do-for-the-google-drive-android-app
goggle drive gives you some security options regarding your documents : you can choose to encrypt all offline documents ( that is , documents stored on your device ) ; and can also choose to decrypt documents incrementally as they are streamed to your phone , by selecting the Streaming Decryption , thus having just a small portion of the document decrypted when accessing it . kinda like watching a compressed video . sadly enough could not find any official documentation to support my answer on google , but here 's some relevant links : access and edit files with google drive google drive - view files offline in the google drive android app
there is luks manager which is available in the play store . it also requires your device to be rooted , however . it is also open source . i have not tried it myself however , so i can not comment on how well it works . the closes you can get without a rooted device is probably full disk encryption .
there are many available choices , depending on the features you need : cryptonite uses encfs and requires root luks also requires root and provides on-the-fly encryption ( aes by default ) to virtual folders eds provides encrypted containers and does not require root . it even is compatible to truecrypt . droidcrypt can encrypt single files or full directories . no root needed . encryption manager is a file manager providing file encryption support , and so is andisk filescrypter supports encrypted files and folders and many more . just check the examples , and take a look at the " also recommended " stuff on their market pages to find more .
an easier alternative would be to use emoji switcher ( requires root ) .
needs root access : you can change the AndroidEmoji.ttf font that can be found in /system/fonts/ . xda has a copy of different emoji fonts you can use .
go to System settings &gt; Storage &gt; Upper right button: USB computer connection &gt; Media device (MTP) .
these steps can be follow in android : kitkat version to switch from media device to camera or vice versa . . . connect your device with the computer . it will automatically detect the usb connection . there are two ways to redirect to settings of media device/camera . in case of no usb connection detect please check the cable or driver for device . from notification . there is notification at notification screen . connected as camera/media device . it will redirect to usb computer connection . or in another settings--> storage--> navigation right button --> usb computer connection > media device ( mtp ) / camera ptp . hopes it will help you .
cm does not support apps2ext since version 6 . i have heard some users say that you can use the simple2ext app to do this , though . should be straightforward .
0.08-11.04.05 rc4: - 07app2ext script included in /system/etc/init . d - works via bind mount but is compatible with symlink versions . ( warning - do not put more than one app2ext script in init . d as it could result in loss of apps ) checked source from /update-cm-7.0.0-0.08-11.04.18b-milestone-signed/ system/etc/init . d/05mountsd mounts /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 in boot : $BB mount -o noatime,nodiratime,barrier=1 -t auto $SD_EXT_PART $SD_EXT_DIRECTORY; that is reason for empty fstab . next system/etc/init . d/07app2ext will create directories if needed , move some files if needed and finally bind mount directories from /sd-ext into /data/ solution : are you sure you created filesystem instead of only partitioning ? check logcat for errors . try to mount with mount -o noatime,nodiratime,barrier=1 -t auto /dev/block/mmcblk0p2 /sd-ext .
use something like evernote to write and exchange stuff between any two devices , including pc and bluestacks .
today , i installed clipper plus in bluestacks and i noticed that its already storing clips i copied in windows . i have also tried to copy a text in bluestacks and paste in windows . it has confirmed that clipboard has already been shared between bluestacks and windows . great . . . either this feature has been pushed recently or i did not notice it without clipper plus . i tried to paste using Ctrl+V in bluestacks which still does not work . do paste with proper method : long-click and choose paste from menu .
i do not know if this will work with bluestacks specifically , but whenever i want to share a clipboard between my pc and android device , i use airdroid .
you have to install the boot image that is included in the cyanogenmod zip file an flash that in fastboot : connect your device with vol-up while plugging in the usb-cable fastboot devices  seeing your serial number means we know all is good . now type these commands : fastboot erase system -w fastboot erase boot  then copy the boot . img in the same folder as fastboot . exe and type fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot reboot  now press the vol-down button to enter the recovery mode again and install your image
the mdm solution can require that you set a pin . the google apps device policy app , for example , can require you to set a pin . this is described in the google device policy for android if you want more details .
each app gets a storage directoy assigned in /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; 1 , so in your case that would be /data/data/com.soh . however , without root privileges , you cannot directly access that directory . a possible work-around ( for non-rooted devices ) would be to create an " adb backup " of the app ( see our adb tag-wiki for details ) , and then " disassemble " that 2 . you should then find databases ( sqlite ) as well as " shared_prefs " ( xml files ) with additional information . 1 see also : where in the file system are applications installed ? 2 see : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? , is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ?
power on the milestone : press the power button and x button and when a triangle appears , press volume up key and camera buttion .
i use dimmer which gives me a slightly lower level of brightness than the stock settings ; )
you could try this post on the droidforums .netthat has a custom app to manage brightness . requires root though .
while i prefer the app kchau suggested because of it is simplicity , this one works as well : adjbrightness
here 's one that works well and does not require a rooted device : screen filter
odin is an internal samsung tool used for flashing firmware to their devices ( via download mode , bypassing recovery etc . ) . importantly , it also has the ability to repartition the device storage based on a . pit file , which can save you from softbricking ( when flashing goes wrong and recovery/the bootloader fail ) . it is not open source and to my knowledge they have not intentionally released it &mdash ; a few versions have been leaked . for what it is worth , i have used the version posted here without issue . heimdall , however , is open source and duplicates the functionality of odin . it claims to be more reliable as well , in addition to being cross-platform ( odin is windows-only ) . both tools appear to work best with galaxy s devices , so if you are using another device you probably want to ensure someone else has tried it and succeeded . another note is that they use . tar packages layed out differently than the normal update . zip format used by recovery and otas , so you need to get the proper package for it to work .
as aureljared already mentioned , proper configured mtk devices populate their recovery and boot partitions in /dev/recovery and /dev/bootimg . just dd from there .
make sure your device is connected . open Device Manager . in USB Devices , find a SAMSUNG composite device ( can not capture a screenshot because it goes away ) . right click , choose Uninstall and make sure to check " get rid of that sheet of driver software " . . . well . . . i mean " delete driver software too " . disconnect and reconnect usb , or clik detect devices button windows detects the phone and installs the plain old mtp driver . optional step : report to samsung optional step 2: upvote : )
by the sound of it , its like as if the handset is in fact a 16gb model variant , if so , then the so-called sdcard is treated as internal storage i.e. sdcard , and the external sdcard is symbolically linked to extSdCard . that is the way google are doing it now , and doing away with having external sdcard 's . . . : ) no its not true that one is " more " important than the other , its just a way of increasing internal storage capacity for apps and media etc , the external sdcard acts as a " overflow " bucket once the storage space on the internal sdcard gets maxed out .
i have had this issue for a couple of months now with the whole mtp connection when i have not plugged it in . turns out i just needed to clean the usb port on my s2 . it had its little fit of unplugged/plugged in while i was cleaning and stopped once cleaned .
i had this problem recently and found out that i just have to clean my usb port .
i am also a user of samsung galaxy s2 . mine is rooted but all the indicators of your phone are pointing to a hardware problem . there is most probably a short-circuit like instantaneous electric jumps inside the motherboard . most of your problems can be answered rationally by uncontrolled electric jumps . for instance plugging the usb cable ( namely a power source ) directly starts the phone , indicating that there is a short circuit which transfers the usb power to the power button of the phone whereas they should be insulated . when you power-off the phone , it restarts . this may be explained with a short-circuit of the phone 's battery with the power button . so on and so forth . . .
i am experiencing the same exact issues here with an at and t galaxy s2 bought oct 26 at best buy . i did root and have tried various roms along with returning to bone stock with no help . i have called at and t for replacement but i have found 2 possible solutions in my research on the internet : i saw a random post somewhere about a user who tried cm7 ( cyanogen mod 7 ) rom and for whatever reason . it has rendered my phone very usable with none of the above issues for a few days now . for curiosity , i switched back to another rom i had used before , and the problems came back immediately . needless to say , i am not sure why cm7 did any good . i also came across a post suggesting to use a small paintbrush and rubbing alcohol to swab out the usb port area . several users reported success from this . i have not tried this yet but plan to .
one way to achieve what you want would include the following steps : ( temporarily ) rooting the device converting the app in question into a system app ( e . g . using titanium backup ★ root , but there are also other apps helping you with this step ) unroot the device again as the app now resides in read-only space ( /system ) , the user cannot delete it without either rooting the device or flashing a rom -- which of course could be done , but it is a higher inhibition threshold at least .
izzy 's method works just fine , but if you do not want to temporarily root your device ( s ) , you could make an update script which copies your app to the root of the device , so that it is been recognised as a stock app . take a look at the following tutorial : http://www.londatiga.net/it/how-to-create-android-update-zip-package/
is the app developed by your organisation ? if you can control the source code of the app , you may prevent users accidentally uninstalling your app with the help of devicepolicymanager . the advantage is that you do not need to convert the app in every tablet to be an system app . once the app is installed from google play , it can not be uninstalled unless users disable the devicepolicymanager in security settings . if you can not change the app , then convertit to a system app . because there are many devices to handle , you should write a script to do the job . in both ways , if the users really want to uninstall your app , they can always find a way . so make sure your user do not hate your app .
you will not find anything about this in the man page on your desktop , nor the usage information for adb because this is not an adb command . remember that adb shell foo starts a shell on the device and runs the command foo there . it would be like looking in the ssh man page to find out what ssh myserver rm -rf * does . the command you want help with is ime list , and it only exists on the device , not your desktop . running adb shell ime ( with no further arguments ) prints out the usage information for this command . " enabled " in this description does not refer to the " enabled " field in the manifest ( that is , the one printed out under ServiceInfo ) , but rather whether the ime is turned on in the settings . it might be a little confusing to have two different things called " enabled " , but do not forget that adb is a debugging tool for programmers , who are expected to understand such things . end-users should not need to run this command , since the list of imes is accessible through the device settings . from this description , if you get output with ime list -a but not ime list , that tells you that no input methods are currently enabled in the settings .
its a kernel corruption . just install a new kernel .
this happens to myself , you would have to turn the device off several times whilst your usb is connected and just wait for it to stay turned off , once its turned off it will not turn back on unless upon reconnection . it is a very old phone and is not a good phone so this is why it is like this . i wish there was a better resolution myself but after browsing the internet for around an hour i figured i would help a somebody else and let them know what i know . thanks .
voice search for contacts only works with contact from the primary account setup on the android phone . also the primary account contact sync must be enable . i confirmed it by testing with my galaxy s 4g . since primary account on an android phone must be a gmail account , this also means the voice search for contacts only works if the contact is stored in the gmail account . since my main email account is with live.com, which i had setup on my android phone using ms exchange sync , i came up with this is work around to allow voice search . i go to my gmail account and add contacts that i like to be able to do voice search with . i made sure the contact only have names entered with no other information . this way , i can enable contact sync with the gmail account to perform voice search without allowing the gmail contact pollute the combined contact list on my android phone . if you really do not want gmail account to show up in your phone at all , you can always separate and then delete the gmail account from your other account . as long as the contact sync is enabled , the voice search will still work . the is kind of a pain , but too bad for me since i only care to add contacts to gmail for relatively few people that i actually call/text often . it also helps that gmail web interface was done in a way that is really easy to add contacts with just names .
have you tried navigate to bob jones home ? you can use the label on the address when using the voice command . the above command is different than navigate to bob jones work . update : one thing to remember : your contacts need to be accessible to the google servers . in other words , you need to be syncing to your google account . the actual voice-to-text work is done on google 's servers , not on your phone . ( try using voice search while in airline mode . ) see this google support thread . and , of course , your contacts need to be in your " searchable items " . ( i get there by hitting the search button , then the blue ' g ' to the left , then the settings icon . )
do you speak with a us accent ? i am in aus and find the voice commands work far better if i try a us accent than my regular australian drawl .
1 - no . there is a microsd slot where you can insert cards upto 32 gb in size to extend the memory . 2 - yes - vpn support is present in 2.1 as well 3 - some are free , some are not . some are ad-supported .
the ui lag is down to a number of things such : too many widgets ( delete them , home launcher has to redraw screen upon closing the app drawer ) home launcher - some redraw better than others ( switch to different launcher ) animation turned up to the highest value ( i.e. turn it off ) , in ics+ , it is as simple as found in settings > developer options : window animation scale transition animation scale animator duration scale ( jellybean ) force gpu rendering ( if that is ticked , it may not have any effect ! ) depending on : the kernel version gpu driver in context of kernel space and the gpu driver itself , for example , adreno* ) cpu ( important ! ! ) are we talking about old armv6 chipset or the newer ones that has either dual-core or quad-core ? what android version ? older android versions below honeycomb , did suffer from some " janky " effects in terms of graphics redraw , more often than not , the chip-set was older and likewise for the kernel as well , which did not have the native adreno graphics driver . what happened in ics upwards , was , android took advantage of the native adreno graphics drivers built into the kernel which was dynamically linked with the user-space adreno driver that comes as standard and was found in kernels 3 . x+ upwards , and also in general , in newer handsets since ics was launched .
provider did block the imei of the phone . now it is unblocked and all works fine ! thanks to matthew read for clue . . . : )
the android system does not natively support any kind of resume after a full shutdown . individual apps can save their state at any time and restore that state when the app is loaded , but the android system cannot store its state or the state of all of the apps for a shutdown . theoretically speaking , the kernel could probably be modified to support some form of hibernation but the stock android system does not .
use drony : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.sandroproxyhl=en if you need any help regarding how to configure , this can help .
these voices were the result of having the so-called " roaming tone " enabled in the sound settings . strangely , the description of this setting is : roaming tone set notification tone informing the status of cellular service after disabling this option , she no longer speaks to me when i receive a phone call or turn on/off airplane mode . though i have no idea how a speaking voice is considered a " notification tone " . . .
the android issue tracker can be found here .
the android issue tracker is located at http://b.android.com . you can report the issue there .
if you enable usb debugging in the developer options , the phone 's " usb connected ! " screen does not popup anymore : )
not a cyanogenmod user , but have you checked under Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; USB Settings , or Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings ?
it is usually under settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging
if you want to disable all notifications that pop up when you connect your usb cable go to the " menu " then " notifications " then touch " usb connection " then change the settings to " charge only "
android os is now using gcm ( google cloud messaging ) for push notification ws . you can get better idea here ; it will give you an architectural overview about full push notification service with its life cycle . hope it will help .
yes , android keeps one active connection to google 's servers , but it does not use much power or data , because no traffic is sent along it until something sends a gcm message to an app on your phone . there is only one connection on the phone , used by all apps : installing a new app that uses gcm does not add any extra load . the first step in gcm is that a third-party server ( such as an email server ) sends a request to google 's gcm server . this server then sends the message to your device , through that open connection . the android system looks at the message to determine which app it is for , and starts that app . the app must have registered with android to use gcm , and it must have the relevant permission . when the app starts , it might create a notification straight away with the data from the message . gcm messages are very limited in size , so the app might instead open a normal connection to the third-party server to get more information ( for example , downloading the headers of new emails ) . the advantage of using push notifications is that apps do not have to run at regular intervals to check for new data , saving both power and data . the advantage of having a centralized mechanism like gcm is that the device only needs one open network connection and the android gcm system is the only thing that needs to keep running , rather than each app having to stay running in the background to keep its own network connection to its own server .
note sure if this question should really been have migrated here . but this is a typical case of a vacuum that we have here . it is not really an android end-user question and on the other hand not a android programming question . anyway it looks like a typical codepage/localisation problem : "&lt ; " on an us layout is " ; " on an german ( and maybe others ) keyboard layout "> " on an us layout is ":" on an german ( and maybe others ) keyboard layout i take a wild guess and say that you develop under microsoft windows , where each windows can have a different keyboard layout . you should see a symbol with the current layout right to the clock in the taskbar , where you can change this . i hope i was able to point you into the right direction .
dual file manager
i have tried visiting both those sites in a few browsers , and see the same problem with the square boxes rather than letters . it looks like this probably is not a problem with the browser ( s ) but more that the fonts being used to show the sites in the browser do not have all the necessary characters . are you able to see armenian letters in emails or text messages at all ? there was a previous question about installing hindi fonts , that no one 's come up with an answer for yet . android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) does add support for more languages , but unfortunately armenian does not seem to be one of them .
here is the link , where that kind of browser ( hay web browser ) can be downloaded : http://webdroid.life.am/ here is the facbook group , where hay web browser is being discussed , and the creator can answer to your questions : http://www.facebook.com/home.php?sk=group_191625270874191ap=1
i do not think there is any support for the x10 from cm for the v9 release . for reference : xperia arc => anzu xperia neo => hallon xperia pro => iyokan xperia mini pro => mango xperia ray => urushi xperia mini => smultron xperia arc s => ayame xperia neo v => haida xperia active => satsuma live with walkman => coconut xperia neo l => phoenix edit : cyanogenmod is a rom that targets a lot of handsets . a souped up/bloated version of the stock vanilla aosp android ( the ones found on the nexus series handsets ) the freexperia project was founded by jerpelea who ( unofficially works for sony , gets freebies and contributes to porting cm for that handset etc ) . also , freexperia project is officially merged into the cyanogenmod tree . not all legacy devices are supported using the cm rom , especially for the newer v9 and v10 ( ics and jb respectively . if visiting this get cm you will actually find that cm is not supporting the legacy devices ! have not tried freexperia , but have heard it is not 100% stable , as some things are broken on it ( if anyone wants to correct me , feel free to say so in the comments ) : )
this is not version of cm - it is cm code name of device . depending on your device you should download needed release .
root the device ( in this case the razr d3 ) install the application ( a game i.e. ) in the memory sd . unroot the device ( to have the last update of the s.o. , i do not have find how to unroot an razr d3 ) i do not have test this solution but maybe in a few weeks i will try it : ) links : http://youtu.be/3wzbb4w0-ds how to root d1 and d3 device . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ja8tknwtek how to use gl to sd ( root ) well , basicly the problem is that we will avoid the warranty of the mobile .
please check the place where you downloaded the rom from , it usually contains installation instructions . in most cases , these roms use the update.zip mechanism of the recovery mode , as matthew mentioned . you might need a custom recovery ( see clockworkmod and twrp and their tag-wikis , clockworkmod resp . twrp , for examples ) . the process then usually is as follows : copy the .zip to your sdcard boot into recovery-mode select to " apply update from sdcard " navigate to and select your .zip let it flash go back to the main menu and select to " reboot device "
by default you can set different ringtones for each contact by hitting the menu button form the contact window and choosing options . to add vibration into that mix you can use an app called whoisit , that among other things lets you set different vibration patterns for each contact . another way is suggested in this answer . a more powerful but complicated way to get this done would be to set up different profiles for each caller in an app called tasker .
no , you cannot set a contact with vibrate for their ringtone . the vibrate mode is " system wide " when enabling the mode . you can , however , set a different audio ringtone for different contacts .
the fact is that android is open enough for every dev to do whatever they want . there are some specific places certain stuff goes like the media folder and the . android_secure folder , as an example . the good news is that you can do a lot of cleaning up yourself by just browsing in there but be careful you do not delete data files and db 's for apps still installed . hth
you cannot restrict where the applications write the data on the sdcard . you can go and delete what ever you want on the sdcard , but it may be data for an application . if you move it , the application will think it has been deleted or does not exist , and it will just create the data in the same place again . google recommends applications use the /sdcard/android/data/ folder , but if the application has permissions to write to the sdcard , they can write where ever they want on it . some applications were created before the recommendations , others may not know the recommendation , and others may not care for what ever reason . the " standard " is the following for non-application specific data : music/ podcasts/ ringtones/ alarms/ notifications/ pictures/ movies/ download/ and then application specific is : Android/data/&lt;application&gt;
different network providers may use different masts . the company of the second sim will have a stronger presence in your area than the company from the first sim . therefore , the ideal move would be to get yourself a sim from the same provider of the second sim . i hope this helps , nicholas
your phone probably is fixed in 3g mode or is in auto 3g/gsm mode . i suggest you to switch to gsm only mode . that way you will not face a network problem . go to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > network mode select gsm only from that menu . also try going to network operators from the mobile network menu and try selecting a network manually .
my experience of the one x in order to be able to select multiple items in the gallery you need to first give it a task to do . for example , open gallery hit ' share ' in the bottom left , you will need a service which takes multiple uploads , such as facebook then you will see the ' multi-select ' grid with tick boxes next to each image which you can then select . as far as i can see from playing on my device for 10 minutes , there is not a general ' multi-select ' feature . you might try a different gallery app though . i would recommend quickpic
default ringtones are usually stored in /system/media/audio/ringtones . you might be able to access this location using a file manager . keep in mind that , residing on /system , this place is read-only at best without root-access : so while you should be able to copy from here , you cannot place any files into this directory . if you want to manually add ringtones to your device , rather create a similar directory on your sdcard ( /sdcard/media/audio , with sub-directories for ringtones , alarms , notifications , etc . ) . this location should be recognized automatically by the android system .
the ringtones are stored under the folder system &gt; media &gt; audio &gt; ringtones . you can view the folders using any file manager this one .
barsent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . weird name , i know right ! barsent is a simple and free app that lets you set a predefined number in the options and then any subsequent barcode scan results will be sent to that number instantly without any prompts . the barcode reader by zxing team is however required for this app . get it here ! click here to download the barsent apk ( not available on market ) alternate link or scan the code below from your phone to instantly download the apk remember to turn on " install from unknown sources " in your options ! btw , the app is made by me when i got some spare time and i thought while it may be too simple , it could be helpful to a few people . your question inspired me to make such an app ( lol i know im such a sucker for bounties ) ; anyway , it was fun getting this done in the mit is app-inventor the app is not well tested because i did not have much time . if you find bugs or want to request for a feature , maybe we can do it over the chat here on android stack exchange or via email preferably . comments are probably not the right way . a few things i would like to say its simple and will always be free if its slow or crashing , i might not be able to do much really since its made using appinventor , do tell if those things happen though . if you do not like this , you can modify or build your own or ask me for features . also , there could be potentially some apps in the market that does the same in a better way . i simply made this app for fun . i do not know if i can support app2sd or crunch the size of the app . . its just appinventor and i did not include any fancy media into this app . there are no obtrusive ads , background services or airpush junk permissions are exaggerated by the appinventor i guess do not hold me responsible for anything if you like this , you can upvote this , share it using the small and cute buttons to the left of this post . oh and after installing the app , i recommend scanning the barcode that is above in this post using the app . ; ) screen shots . . maybe later but the app 's really ugly in terms of looks . :d exclusively for the stack exchange community ! that is why i am posting here !
from verizon : open settings . select battery and data manager . select data delivery . select data enabled to enable / disable .
it could also be that windows 7 or the bios disabled that usb port . . . possibly due to something power related . have you switched the usb port you are plugged into ? possibly try switching to another usb port .
try changing usb cable . bad cables can cause this ( at least i had this problem once , which went away simply by using another cable ) .
it is also possible that you have damaged some of the pins on the device 's micro usb connector . if connecting it to another computer with another cable does not works i could recommend you to contact your dealer for repair : )
as another possibility ( although you mention that you did not change anything on the pc ) : i had a similar problem once when i still had my palm desktop software ( and synchronization software ) installed on my pc . after a log of searching i found out that the palm sync software used the comm4 port on my pc . for some reason , the usb connection between my galaxy s and my windows 7 pc used the same port . once i uninstalled the palm software , the usb connection worked flawlessly . maybe more technical people at this forum can explain why , but that is what i found out .
have you tried searching for gamepad in google play ? here are some of the results : ultimate gamepad connect through wifi or bluetooth in the most simple way . install the ultimate control receiver program on your computer ( pc , mac or linux ) and select it from the list displayed on your phone . droidpad droidpad lets you use your phone as a pc joystick or mouse .
try <code> wget http://www.blah.com/files.apk </code> in the terminal emulator ( if you are using cyanogenmod , then you probably have busybox , which includes wget ) , you might need root to write to the internal memory , so if you do not have write permission in the current directory , then you might need to type su first .
can you turn on " install from unknown location " in the applications panel ? if so , i keep some apks in my dropbox folder .
you can also use adb to push the file onto your phone .
i do not think you can solve this issue . ( for what it is worth i have the same issue when my wife calls me from our home phone . it looks like i am calling myself . ) what is happening is the phone is comparing the phone number ( being called , incoming ) against the list of contacts and selecting the first one it finds . certainly it can not tell who is on the other line on an incoming call . it also does not keep track of which contact you came from when you are calling out . ( the likeliest explanation there is that the contact app is handing off just the phone number to the calling app , which then does a lookup with just the number to get the contact to display on the screen . ) as you say , this is not just an android issue . i also saw it with my palm centro .
this is because the phone number +123456789012 is the same as 03456789012 when called from the same country and is the same as 56789012 when called in the same area code , the phone has no way to know that +213456789012 is a different contact than +123456789012 if you store your contacts as 03456789012 . try adding country and area code for these contacts ? also , what happens if you dial the complete number when dialing out , i.e. dial +123456789012 instead of 03456789012 .
i managed to disable it . you need to remove all hangouts updates in google play , then reboot for hangouts to go back to talk , then talk can be disabled in settings -> apps -> all .
install a wakelock detector . wakelocks do not allow your phone to conserve battery life like it is intended to . the detector will tell you which apps to uninstall . something is probably pegging your phone processor or wifi .
when you do a hard reset , or a factory default reset , it wipes your phones internal storage completely . so anything that was saved on your phones internal storage , is pretty much gone . personal things such as : texts , phone calls , and browsing history , are not stored on your sd card , but stored internally . so doing that wipe will have cleared it out . so you are fine . your sd card never really holds anything personal like that .
nothing at all is on your memory card . sms messages etc are not actually stored on the sd card . when you do a hard reset all of your data is erased completely .
open the sdcard on your pc and format it . done . it is not recoverable whatsoever because it is a flash disk . to wipe all personal data you need to do a factory reset . or wipe /data ( and /cache ) manually
before deleting anything you should encrypt your sdcard and your internal storage ( this appears to be built into android but located in different places on different devices , or maybe it is different versions ) . do this first because depending on how the encryption works there may be gaps left unencrypted because it did not think it needed to overwrite deleted space . you could try to fill that space before erasing for total security . once encryption is done , you can then erase your sdcard ( again , should be built in , though eraser mentioned in mathew 's answer might be better , do not know ) , and do the factory reset on your phone . this way any data bits will be extremely difficult to recover ( near impossible depending on password chosen ) , even with specialized hardware .
the other answers are a little misleading . first , it does not really matter from a security standpoint whether you have got things stored on the sd card or on the internal storage . the sd card is easier to remove and read outside the phone , but the internal storage can be read as well ( most easily from the device itself but also from a pc ) . the second thing is that i would expect this wipe to be insecure , i.e. , file deletion rather than zeroing of the storage . ( i have not checked myself . ) i recommend using a program like eraser to zero your sd card . i do not have a good recommendation for the device storage , unfortunately .
what you are trying to set is the msisdn number on your sim card . this can be quite difficult to do on android . this site has a post detailing how it can be done on various phones ( including non-android ) which if you have access to another device is probably the easiest way . if you do not have access to another device then you could try the myphonenumber app . this is very flaky and only works on certain roms/devices . the other option is to contact your operator as i believe this is something that they can set ota , although most do not seem to know anything about it from my experience .
i use either ftp ( fastftp on the nexus , cyberduck on the mac ) , or more often , dropbox , which is always running on my desktop , and dropsync pro on the nexus . then files just ' appear ' on the nexus , possibly after a manual sync if i want to use those files before the next dropsync autosync is due ( i keep it infrequent for battery life ) .
i was in the same boat as you for a while . i guess you could use ftp but i was looking for something more . i now use airdroid to transfer files over wi-fi . i have transferred files as big as 10gb and have no complaints . plus it saves messing around with the cable and drivers .
another option would be to use solid explorer pro . check out its " file sharing " option and create a ftp server with password protection . then create its widget on your home screen . now , in your pc > my computer . . . right click in an empty area > add a network location . . . now add that ftp address you created in your tab . this method is highly convenient for you but might give trouble on large file transfers ( due to mtp ) so better use it only with music or photo transfers .
mtp issues , related to drivers . also present on 2012 nexus 7 . i have learned that you are better off using a 3rd party software like wondershare mobile go or moborobo etc to transfer files . other stuff they can do is a bonus . try it , you will like it .
same problem with my nexus 7 ( 2013 ) lte model . i downgraded to jellybean to check if the problem is with the device , or software . turns out that i can copy pictures in jellybean with no error messages . upgraded to kitkat and i am seeing the message again . terrible !
i had the same problem , and it was being caused by the 360 security app . uninstalling that fixed the issue .
when coming from linux/unix , you may be confused because su == root , and that is also true on android , but with a small addition : a ' rooted ' android device has a setuid root ' su ' binary to allow a process to get root , but the version typically used on android does not allow just any process to use it to get root . it uses an android intent to communicate with an app ( superuser/supersu ) to determine if the caller is allowed to get root . the app then decides if it is allowed , typically with a popup on the screen of the android device . more details here : stackexchange-url
just installing supersu do not give you root - it is only tool for controlling access to root account on rooted device . from app 's description : supersu requires a rooted device ! ! !
there is nothing special you need to do within gmail . ( in fact , there is nothing you can do in gmail . ) simply add the google account ( s ) to your device under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Add account . ( it will then appear there listed under " google account " . ) after that make sure you are syncing gmail plus whatever other google services you want ( or not ) .
i know it is off topic , but the instructions are on the android developer pages here . see the section under " troubleshooting adt installation " . if you are still unable to use eclipse to download the adt plugin as a remote update site , you can download the adt zip file to your local machine and manually install it : download the current adt plugin zip file from the table below ( do not unpack it ) . follow steps 1 and 2 in the default install instructions ( above ) . in the add site dialog , click archive . browse and select the downloaded zip file . enter a name for the local update site ( e . g . , " android plugin" ) in the " name " field . click ok . follow the remaining procedures as listed for default installation above , starting from step 4 . to update your plugin once you have installed using the zip file , you will have to follow these steps again instead of the default update instructions . just download the zip file to a usb drive , follow these instructions and you are good to go !
moto g does not have a gyroscope sensor ( but it has an accelerometer ) that is why moto g did not get the photosphere option . actually panorama does not require a gyroscope . while there are obviously ways to do panoramas without a gyroscope . it looks like they use the same engine as photosphere to do the panoramas . so app also lacks panorama . source thread google camera g+ thread
there are several reasons for this , but it is mainly due to hardware limitations , photosphere and panorama stitch together multiple images at the pixel level and require some pretty processor intensive work . some users also mention that the lack of a gyroscope sensor as a possible reason . i have googled and found at least 3 sources that corroborate this . sorry but it looks like your out of luck . http://www.engadget.com/2014/04/16/google-stock-camera-app-photo-sphere-lens-blur/ https://www.yahoo.com/tech/the-best-features-of-googles-new-android-camera-app-83124330305.html http://www.slashgear.com/moto-g-google-play-edition-hands-on-vs-motorolas-g-15313328/
you can take panorama photos on the motorola moto g , if you use the motorola camera that was preinstalled . there is an option to take a panorama shot when you swipe from left to right in the camera interface . hope this helps .
as far as i know , you can not change the lock screen wallpaper . if you want to turn off the ads , go to manage your devices , and edit your special offers subscription status .
i have seen a similar issue trying to sync s note 's between a galaxy note 3 ( smartphone ) and a galaxy note 10.1 ( as well as to a galaxy note 2 ) . the issue seems to be in the version of s note running on android 4.3 . on my note 3 , s note saves the files as . spd files in a snotedata folder . on the galaxy 10.1 the s note documents are as . snb files in the " s note " folder . i think this explains why sync is not working .
based on the testing of other users on chainfire 's usb host diagnostics site , there is no usb otg support for gt-b5330 . see also : how can i determine if my device has usb host mode ( otg ) support ?
can you take a look at the sim and phone sim socket if they are oxidized/dirty/greasy ? if that is the case , you can clean it with a cotton cloth dipped in ethylene alcohol . if the sim socket pins are somehow are pushed down , that could be also an issue .
try pushing or more like adding a piece of paper on top of the sim card ! else , try to contact the company . if you have installed the rom your self , i mean by rooting and getting a new rom . then you might be in an issue ! as there are many roms that have slight issues . try going to that forum again from where you got the rom and contact the person who provided . i read its sony , so why not use a rom made by sony ? sony roms wont have an issue at all !
use Factory Reset to reset your phone to its factory settings .
jelly bean unfortunately , there is no setting that you can enable to show battery percentage on the system icons tray . without using an app , all you have is : battery indicator on the top right corner of your screen . access to the battery settings , level and usage details : go to : settings > device > battery app using the battery app by macropinch available from google play store , you are able to get the percentage on your status bar :
i have solved part of this issue ; switching to airplane mode and back ( bring down the status bar , go to the quick settings panel , tap airplane mode twice ) does restore signal if you are in an area with signal . so there is that at least , but it is still losing signal until a forced update . you might have to wait a second between the first and second tap of the airline mode button to make sure it activates ( the airplane icon will appear in the status bar ) . also note that occasionally it seems the phone will actually still get a 3g/4g signal and a stable internet connection . . . while still displaying the " no signal " icon . the only way to know this is happening is to try and use online features and find them working . you might just want to do the airplane mode trick anyway since it is quite confusing to have the no bars icon but have the internet and calls working ( and of course in this state you will not notice if the signal suddenly drops again ) .
create a playlist file with the correct sequence and open it on the device . it will then play in the order given in the file .
you do not type . you scan in barcodes of the numbers you need . see step 6 of this guide for the barcodes . these barcodes can also be found on page 1-21 of the manual .
there are various apps on the play store where you can check your current charge current and your " maximum " ( not sure how accurate the calculation is ) via usb the maximum is 460ma with a average of 460ma via ac the maximum is 1000ma with also a average of 1000ma
current is drawn from the load , not pushed from the source ( voltage does the pushing ) . the wall charger contains only a power supply . the actual charging circuit is in the phone and it is a fairly smart one . it limits the amount of current the battery can draw regardless of the current available whether 1 amp , 2 amps or 200 amps .
since the introduction of nfc in android 2.3 gingerbread there has been some basic support for nfc included , such as opening the browser when scanning an nfc tag with an http:// url , opening the phone app with an tel : uri , messaging with an sms : uri , email with an mailto : uri , adding a contact with a vcard tag , etc . since android 4.0 ics , some standard apps and many google apps have been extended with the function to share data via android beam , too . e.g. the current browser url , a displayed contact , the clip url in the youtube app , displayed location in maps , etc . by default also non-nfc apps share their play store url via android beam .
essentially the individual apps do not need to have any understanding of nfc at all , they just respond to one of their standard intents that is been pushed to them by android 's central nfc service . by default , that nfc service handles reading the nfc tag and triggering the relevant intent to pass info on to another app on the device , like the dialler . one very easy way to play around with triggering actions by nfc is using microsoft 's on{x} app ( yes , bizarrely this is a microsoft app that is only available on android ) . as long as you have already got the hardware support , this lets you trigger a whole lot of actions with an nfc tag , with an absolutely minimal amount of simple scripting . see their recent blog entry on nfc for some of what you can do .
you could set up a dynamic dns updater . this will allow you to access your android device using the same internet ip address no matter where you are . you will need an account with a dynamic dns provider [ 1 ] and an android ssh server that includes/supports a dns update tool [ 2 ] . you will then be assigned a fixed ip address by the dynamic dns provider , which you can use wherever you roam . network limitations ( technical or imposed ) may still prevent you from access your device in some circumstances . [ 1 ] for example , dns-o-matic . there are quite a few free providers . [ 2 ] ssh server by ice cold apps explicitly offers support for dynamic dns . nothing is mentioned on the sshdroid page , but you could query them .
quick answer : you do not need to ' root ' your android phone - both it and ssh are working correctly . how to solve problem : you need to better understand ' port forwarding ' and ' public ip addresses ' . the ' port-forwarding ' needs to occur where the public network ( 'internet' ) meets the private network ( wifi network with android device ) . this is usually a ' router ' , but could be a larger ' firewall ' . you need to find out and add this detail , if you want any further help . .
while port forwarding will work , i do not suggest it . it is tied to very firm constraints : abandon dhcp and use a static ip in every network you want to work set up port forwarding rules on every router set up dynamic dns for every network know in which network your android is better have your phone connect to the same virtual private network ( vpn ) and access it through this . or use gtalksms for an easier setup .
ip address conflict can be turned out , at first check that address conflict was or was not the problem . how to use arp-scan to see if two pieces of hardware were claiming the same ip address . for this , please have a look http://askubuntu.com/questions/30080/how-to-solve-connection-refused-errors-in-ssh-connection regarding your network , check /var/log/messages for ethernet link up/downs ( or wlan in case of wireless ) . if so try changing the cables . it is not a simple connectivity issue . the ethernet link does not change state ; server is reachable via ping ; ssh connects flawlessly occasionally , then seemingly randomly does not connect or existing ssh session drops . change adapter from dhcp to static . try ssh -v ip and check the output
yes ' there is but some apps crashes when they see that they are throttled . xprivacy module for xposed framework and also app settings . search and you will find threads at xda pages .
android already has this kind of sandboxing of apps . each app gets its own data directory ( and optionally another on the sd card ) , and only that app can read that directory . apps can not read other apps ' directories directly . when an app ( such as the gallery ) wants to make its content available to other apps , they can offer an interface for the other apps to use . in fact , there are two kinds of interfaces apps can offer . the first is via the intent mechanism . this is used when you get ( for example ) a " choose image from " dialog , with different apps to choose . the intent mechanism allows the app that owns the image to grant the calling app temporary access to only the image ( s ) you choose this way . the second mechanism is for the app to act as a content provider . the app then acts like a server , allowing other apps to browse and find content , and access it directly without your interaction . when an app acts this way , it is up to the app that owns the content to choose what security mechanism to use . the app might require that the calling app have a particular permission ( even a new permission specially created for this purpose ) . for example , access to contacts is provided this way . only the built-in contacts provider app has direct access to the contacts database . it also acts as a content provider , to allow other apps access , but only if they have the appropriate permission ( such as " read my contacts" ) . so , as you can see , the mechanism you describe - to sandbox apps , and to pass files from one app to another only through the user 's choice - already exists in android . it is way ahead of desktop operating systems in this respect . it is up to apps to use these mechanisms to control the content they own - and there is always going to be a trade-off between granularity of control ( using lots of permissions ) and making things easier for the user to understand ( using fewer permissions ) .
i found the solution . i can give a static ip to my beaglebone via shell scripts ( or adb ) : ifconfig eth0 up 169.254.13.13
instead of mergin your internal an external sd card , i think its easier to just bind the directories with high data to the external sd card . the idea is to link the folder were google music stores the offline cache with the sd card , so it will write it there instead of the internal memory . this is valid for any other app that writes to the internal memory , just follow the steps : go to settings > apps > running and close google music . open your file manager and go to /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.android.music/cache and delete all files . create a folder in your external sd card , for example mymusic create a file in your internal sd card with the mount options , for example musicscript . txt insert the following in the file ( check the directories path as it might change ) : mount -o bind /emmc/MusicCache/ /sdcard/Android/data/com.google.Android.music/ go to google play store and install script manager . open script manager , grant it root , open the musicscript . txt file you have created and select open as > script/executable . select su and boot and hit save . reboot your phone . open google music and click on choose on device music . you should be able to see the total space available is the same as the space available in the external sd card . as an alternative , if you have a kernel that supports init.d scripts , you can skip steps 6 to 8 by adding the file as executable to /etc/init.d/ , that way it will be executed at boot . how to find your internal sd card path : use es file explorer and it should display your sd card content once you open it . you can check the sd card path in the toolbar at the top . use any terminal ( e . g . connectbot ) and type mount or mount | grep sdcard , the command should display the mount point or path of your internal sd card .
the option to add a new apn is in System Settings-&gt;More-&gt;Mobile Networks-&gt;Access Point Names then press the menu button and select add . if that setting is not there ( and it should be ) , then you will not be able to add an apn without root , as the ' bug ' that allowed apps to add and edit apn 's was fixed in android 4 .
use tweakker app for apn editing . it has different carriers and networks in it . it will tell you how to setup your apn .
it seems that the save option for apn is not active on android 4.1.1 ( at least when you have zero apn previously stored . but after creating a new apn and filling parameters , if you shut down completely the device , ( and do not try to activate save option through the button , act that would erase all parameters introduced ) , it will be saved somewhere . you will be able to access to your newly stored apn after restart ( and pin unlock your sim card ) . this works with upstream settings set with modempoweron , data-enabled and itinerance enabled
i have been told by verizon that it is a bug on the samsung note 2 and s3 after jelly bean . verizon / samsung are working on a fix so you can modify the apn in near future . verizon did not intend a deliberate prevention on their part ( confirmed by the fact verizon htc droid incredible 2 running android does allow you to modify the apn and works perfectly for calls/text/data overseas ) . i have both so i should know roll on a fix fast . . . .
i am having this problem too after inserting local sim . calls and texts are ok , i need to configure an apn for internet . a verizon global support technician told me that it is beyond verizon 's control to add an apn and that samsung will need to provide directions on how to do this . i got online to chat with samsung and the guy told me he can not help me on chat , i need to call this number : 1-888-987-4357 , mon-fri : 7 am - 9 pm ( cst ) , sat : 9 am - 6 pm ( cst )
this seems to be an attempt by verizon to cripple the data capabilities of the phone and force you to use their network . while in germany with a lidl ' s sim card , the data , text and voice all work when on a wireless network connection . once the sim card is connected to the lidl network alone , voice and messaging work , but not data . there is no way to access the apn page in the us or abroad and calls to verizon support indicate there are no plans to do so and there is no workaround . will try rooting the phone .
i am from the usa and have the verizon s3 with jelly bean . i am currently in the uk . used my usual uk vodafone sim card and it immediately worked for both voice and texts ( something it did not do when i was here in november before the jelly bean update ) . the reason it will not work at all in some countries is actually simply ( but major ) because verizon seem to have disabled the ability to modify or add an apn . it just so happens , in the uk , their default apn works ( for text and voice ) on the vodafone uk network . i have been here a week and text / phone all over the world . since i can not edit the apn though , i cannot set the settings needed for data . my wife has a verizon incredible 2 and her phone works in the uk for voice , text and data but only after i modiified the apn ( which the incredible allows ) . luckily , i brought my htc unlocked phone as well . i use that with a vodafone uk sim card in that as well ( sims are free ) plus a 5 pound top-up for 500mb data . i simply turn that into a mobile hotspot when i am outside and have my verizon s3 use wifi to that .neteffect is the same cost wise but it is a shame verizon missed this feature . no doubt it is a bug and the people i deal with in verizon ( business side ) at investigating . still . - now you know . it will work as a true global phone ( verizon rates ) . for 3rd party sim cards - it will now at last work as a phone/text in some countries . it will not work if you need to mod the apn to get any of the features for any country you are in - until verizon fix it .
how to add apn to verizon samasung galaxy s3 ( root required ) ( i found this from some forum while i was searching for how to add apn for my brothers verizon s3 . it worked 100% . all credits go to the guy who posted it there . i did not remember the address . and sorry for my bad english . by the way i am from maldives . ) go to market install buildprop editor once installed find and open build prop editor hit the menu button and select edit scroll to the bottom of screen and add the following lines ril.sales_code=LOL ro.csc.sales_code=LOL  hit the save button at the top right hand corner of the screen ( looks like a disk ) once this is done saving restart the phone after restarting go to settings> more settings> mobile networks> access point names> menu button> + new apn add desired carriers apn info , when finished hit menu button and save power down and change to your desired sim card if you had not already done so power back on and go to settings> more settings> mobile networks> access point names ( if done properly you should see the apn data you entered for your respective carrier ) . select the respective apn listing and then you should have working data congrats you can now natively add in any apn desired .
that is a stack of errors occuring to you . before i present you a possible solution , let me point out what your mistakes have been -- to avoid those in the future : never ever go to restore system data ( this includes sms , contacts , and other data from system apps ) from a nandroid backup of one rom to a different rom . this might work in some cases ( when those roms involved are very compatible ) , but most likely will bring you in trouble as it was in your case . apps store their data mostly in sqlite files , which contain databases -- and the structure of those databases very often differs . so you break those apps , which leads to different kind of trouble -- up to the point of boot-loops or incomplete boots , being stuck at the logo . this is also why liam is correct that a " data wipe " ( or " factory reset" ) would have solved the issue ( as it would remove those broken sqlite files , and the apps would re-create them emptily ) . if you really need to transfer data of system apps between different roms , the best way is to export this data before you flash ( contacts can be exported directly from the contacts app , and would then be stored as .vcf file on your sdcard ; for other things like sms there are apps available on the playstore ) , and import them afterwards . also , as you are rooted , you should consider buying the pro version of titanium backup for a complete backup ( in addition to your nandroid backup ) . titanium backup includes a " migration feature " which should work for those kind of data as well . never flash a kernel if you are not 100% sure it works for your combination of device and rom . if you break things here , you device will not be able to boot in normal or recovery mode , as you experienced . especially do no such thing if your device already has other trouble -- first solve that trouble before doing such " deep system changes " . now , you are 100% correct : as you are no longer able to boot into recovery mode , you need a helper tool " from outside " . for samsung devices , this tool is either odin ( which is what samsung itself provides ) , or heimdall , which is a cross-plattform alternative to odin which will also run on your ubuntu pc ( odin will not , as it imho is for windows only ) . use either of the two to flash any rom compatible to your device , so you get your recovery mode working again . once that is done , you might start over flashing clockworkmod recovery , then restoring your complete nandroid backup , exporting your data as described above , and finally switch to the rom you wanted to use .
if you had recovery , a simple data wipe would have fixed the boot loop issue . the issue you are describing sounds like a kernel/system issue . the only fix would be to try and flash a new kernel via download mode - you would have to find a program that could do this . if this is not possible ( it may not be ) , then you should consider your phone bricked , and you should take it to your nearest service center for repair ( do not tell them you rooted it , just say it would not turn on after you had turned it off ) .
what izzy said is correct . also , never give up ! i found that there is always something you can do to unbrick your captivate . the xda-developers wiki page is very useful in this regard . the sections about bricking and unbricking should be very useful . while it is very difficult to enumerate all possible ways of unbricking here , understanding the nature of the brick ( soft or hard ) and looking for alternative ways in the forums is always helpful . the techniques that i know of so far are : the 3-button method and its variations , as listed in the wiki page above . ( there are variations , just search for them in xda-developers ) using your pc and the usb cable . izzy 's answer is one such method . hardware solutions that involve cutting a usb cable or using resistors . when you have a hard brick , you may have to resort to these . good luck and do not stop searching ! there is always a way to unbrick your captivate .
i remember reading on one of the google forums that there was a also a total size limit , and that the developer was going to ask the team if the limit could be extended . in my experience the limit seems to be around the 200-300 megabyte mark .
the queue limitation , afaik is 200 videos : you can queue up a maximum of 200 videos in a watch later list . the same limitation applies for any created playlist . note : make sure that you are preloading videos having the device charging and with an active wi-fi connection , in order to have them correctly preloaded to your phone . youtube instructions for a successul preload according to the youtube blog , it is mentioned that the preload process works if the phone is charging and a wi-fi connection exists : you can now preload and temporarily cache videos from your subscribed channels on your phone anytime it’s charging and your wifi is connected . just enable “preloading” in the settings menu . you’ll still need a connection to play the video , but once you do it’s smooth sailing through the latest from your subscribed channels and watch later queue . additionally , you need to have an active connection when pressing the play button .
if the problem is in the kernel driver , as t0mm13b suggests , then only resetting the kernel driver will help . there might be a hacky way to achieve this with rmmod from the command line , if the device is rooted and that driver was built as a module in that rom . i would not recommend it . restarting the phone is probably the only way to reset the driver .
based on the likelihood that you are using the default browser ? i know that firefox supports "ß" , and does show the " h " without a circumflex . maybe try it out ? i am on htc one with ice cream sandwich , the default browser seems to support these but opera does not -so yes unicode is supported , but not necessarily by all browser implementations , rooting your phone is not the answer i suspect .
as t0mm13b had said , android as a framework does support unicode . as you are probably aware the vanilla android is as such available as a stock option only to google 's own devices ( the nexus series ) . other android devices will have some sort of topping layer over this vanilla layers . this topping layer will usually be cosmetic changes by the manufacturer like htc sense ui etc . even if there are no such topping layer , the manufacturers compile the source of vanilla rom with suitable drivers of their devices and add slight country specific enhancements . take a look at a similar question that i had asked which is not very different from what you had asked , if the language specific features and names are not accounted . that question explains how an android device displays a glyph ( not characters ) on screen and the software components that are involved in that process . to put it in a nut shell , to display a character android requires a suitable font file and a rendering engine . absence of former could result in a rectangular box and later will result in improper display of glyph . in your case the rom that your s3 has might not have the above said . try to test with the devices that does display it ( probably in some other region , the s3 might display it properly ) and find what font files differs between yours and theirs .
if you want to know the changes made in the app after the update then simply follow this steps . slide down the notification bar tap the update notification . this will bring up the market link ( unless you set the app to auto-update which will open up the app and not the market link because the update is already installed ) . once you are in , search for the app in question , select it , and there you will find the changelog like this . notice that you cannot do this if auto-update is enabled . you must open the play store , tap menu ( three dots in upper right of screen ) , and select my apps . from there , do step 3 . take note that not all developers post their changes in the market . for that you will need to google for the answer .
first of all as you are aware of that the every application has its own unique pid ( process id ) this pid is assigned to the application by the kernel of the operating system . in android adt you can off course view the pid in the logcat . if you want to view the pid in your device then you need to install an application from the play store ( can not give any guarantee whether the pid displayed by the app is genuine or not ) coming to the modification part is a big no . no you cannot modify the pid as your wish as it will lead to security concerns as well as ambiguity between the apps for another app may have the same pid thereby resulting to conflict .
get a usb jig , that will get you into download mode . it is just a 300k ohm resistor that bridges a couple pins on the usb port . http://www.ebay.com/itm/like/221154257373?lpid=82
i am a big fan of quickpic : it is simple and truly fast : )
you may want to look into picturen lite . on first run it can be a bit slow to load but after that everything is fast . i think the app meets all the points on your list . it looks like the app is still in development with a full version coming soon with more features . link to developer 's site
to answer your question , there is no downside if you reboot your phone on a regular basis . off topic : android os should not require a reboot , or it should not slow down your phone that much that you feel to reboot it . there may be a problem with an app or something , but that is for another topic .
check task manager to see if any unnecessary resource hungry application is running in the background . i use clean master to keep the machine out of junk . these make my device somewhat faster .
instead of trying to get something to work on the tablet , that does not by default , i would suggest to look at how to retrieve the file over mtp with c# . mtp allows the internal storage of these devices to be formatted to a native linux format , like ext4 , instead of fat32 . if you were able to get ums working , chances are you would not be able to mount it in a windows machine because it does not know how to handle ext4 . this allows the android os to actually handle how the files are written to the storage . mtp is also a safer protocol because it does not " mount " the device like an actual drive . so there is less of a chance to corrupt files or the disk if you just unplug . mounting via ums also makes that storage unavailable to the android os which could cause other concerns . there are lots of models of tablets that still support ums , but most of the " current " ones support mtp because it is a safer way to handle the storage . iirc , devices that do not have an slot for external storage will not ( should not ? ) support ums . and when they do , only the external storage will be mountable from the " client os " .
this chrome extension offers an always-running background process for google chat . this has worked for google voice for me and may give the gv/gmail chat protocol the priority that you seek ( if you happen to be using chrome ) . ideally the fix should come from google making gv a higher priority , but this could be a good work-around for you .
you will need to install a custom theme using the t-mobile theme chooser ( it comes built into cyanogenmod ) . there is no way to do this in stock without modding your rom .
you could make note of the time that the phone was lagging . then either a ) go to android market and download a logging app such alogcat or b ) download the android sdk and use ddms . exe in the tools folder . using the logging application , you can see if something was being written to the log at the time the phone was lagging . you might be able to determine what service or application is causing the lag .
the adb likely will not be of much help . the apps need to have debugging enabled to be able to see their thread and relative performance i believe . i assume you have looked at the battery usage menu in your phone . what is it telling you ? you could the hidden debug menu in your hd . it may provide more info . open your phone dialer and dial *#*#4636#*#* . give that a try .
i do not know why it happened , but a good way to prevent it from happening again is to set your contacts to sync with your google account . this way whenever you add a new contact , it will be uploaded , and if the phone loses your contacts again , you probably will not even notice it , as they will be automatically downloaded back to your phone .
yes . locking the bootloader is possible after you have installed a custom firmware . a locked bootloader will not allow you to ad-hoc boot custom binaries ( using fastboot boot boot . img and will not allow you to directly write to the flash chips . an unlocked bootloader however does offer you this and newly available commands are : fastboot flash partition image fastboot boot kernel-image so , if it is locked you will only be able to either boot the normal or the recovery system which themselves need to enforce the chain of trust and ensure security . current custom recovery images will not enforce any security , so you will have to install a safe stock recovery after you have installed your custom firmware . regarding the stock recovery , this will not allow you to install any upcoming custom builds , only stock firmware ( that is digitally signed by google ) will install . so , to have a working chain of trust with no holes in it , you will need to first unlock the bootloader , then install a custom recovery , install a custom firmware ( etc . ) , then re-install the stock recovery ( extract it from google 's stock image ) , then re-lock the bootloader . the procedure to upgrade to newer firmware builds will be a bit tricky at the moment : i think there exist user-land tools to unlock the bootloader from a regular ( rooted ) custom firmware ( like cyanogenmod ) without the penalty of a full wipe . this way you can unlock the bootloader without a wipe , then ( temporarily ) boot a custom recovery ( via fastboot boot cwm-recovery . img ) , do an adb sideload update . zip and finally relock the bootloader using fastboot oem lock again . one note : i think i have read somewhere that the nexus 4 does not to a full wipe with subsequent unlocks after it has been unlocked/relocked once . i am not sure about this , you will need to test this once .
one way is to use another app to manage your dropbox that enables this functionality . i use astro file manager to generally manage the files on my device and this can also link directly to your dropbox , google drive , skydrive , etc . astro gives you the additional option to " open as " , from which you can choose text , audio , image or video . select " text " and you get the usual list of apps that can open text files , including the db text editor . update : unfortunately there appears to be a limit to how many files astro fm is able to retrieve from a dropbox folder . somewhere between 1,000 and 1,100 files i get a " connection failed - could not establish a connection to dropbox " message when trying to browse the folder . 1,000 files ( exactly ) seems to be ok . there is no such limit with ordinary folders on the device .
currently the official dropbox app can open a file which has no extension with external editor . ( i prefer vimtouch )
appadmin the screenshots do not show the " move " option if you google it . it is useful for backups and restores too . a great piece of kit
you can use the pm command ( via the debugger or a terminal app ) to move packages around . i don’t know whether or not this needs root access . those packages which start with /data/app are candidates to be moved . use pm install -r -s /data/app/org.fdroid.fdroid-1.apk  which will reinstall it on the sd card ( preserving the data ) . you could script this . if an app does not want to move , use pm setInstallLocation 2  to force it , but be warned that this can disable widgets and notifications for apps that aren’t expecting it , and that you should set it back to 0 unless you want every future app to go on the sd card .
take a look at sd move and sd watch . they do not automate the process for you ( i do not think automation is possible ) , but sd move will give you a color coded list of what applications you can move over , and sd watch will alert you when you install a new app whether or not it can be moved to the sd card .
app2sd both notifies you when apps can be moved to the sd card , and provide an interface to do so . also there is a way to refine app2sd to allow more apps to move to sd card instructions here - http://www.bongizmo.com/blog/moving-all-android-apps-to-sdcard-apps2sd-froyo/ i was able to follow except that it did not indicate precisely what to enter in terminal , so i got stuck there - if anyone can advise on what should be typed in , would be helpful .
i just had this happen to me . seeing your answer , moskie , i carefully removed the apps one at a time from the application switcher by sliding them to the right , testing between each one . for me , pressing home from the web browser caused my screen to do a slow flaah , opening the apps menu made it go bright and stay bright . the app that caused the trouble ? camera .
strange , i have never heard of something like that , it must be an app which are causing it . . . anything you have installed recently ? i would try and remove some of the recent installed apps , and see if that works , or make a reset of the phone . . if it still happens after a reset , then it is a hardware issue , and you should talk with those who sold it to you . . .
i ended up closing all running apps using the application switcher . that seemed to do the trick . i am not sure which one was causing the problem , though .
there is an app called screen filter , which i use to use my mobile during night . even when the brightness is at its lowest value , the screen is still bright enough during night to disturb others and hurt my own eyes when reading for long time . this app enables me to reduce the brightness even further the lowest limit . though this does not neither help you to automatically adjust the brightness nor solve the random sudden increase of brightness . but still i posted this as it might help you or others if the lowest brightness is still not low enough .
check that you have the calendar selected : go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and Sync -&gt; [your Facebook account] and make sure Sync calendar is selected . on some phones there might be a builtin facebook sync which only takes care of the names , so if there is no Sync Calendar option , go to Add account and see if you have facebook under Integrated contact accounts and More accounts . if so , add the one from More accounts and check Sync Calendar . edit : the problem can be fixed by removing and readding both sync accounts , waiting for the phone to remove them in between .
when you plug in the beats audio enhancement self starts , you can see a beats logo on top left on your notification panel . you can swipe down the notification panel and uncheck the tick next to it to disable / re-enable it . thats on htc desire x
beats audio automatically enables ( if set to enable ) if you play media .
you can not without deleting your google account from your phone as far as i am aware . you can do this in your phone settings . why would you want to though ? if you are concerned about people seeing or using your email , set a pin or pattern lock on your phone . alternatively , remove your google account completely and use google 's web based versions of gmail , etc . all of those you can log into and out of at will - obviously a lot less convenient though .
titanium backup is able to read from nandroid backups , so you can use it to restore parts from them -- and then use titanium backup again to backup those restored parts . however , as there is no titanium backup for pc , this has to be done on an android device . if your goal however is to separate some apps from a nandroid backup , there are other ways to achieve this : nandroid copies the entire partition ( see : nandroid tag-wiki ) . so you could mount the images ( on linux , this should be no problem with the ext file systems at least -- see e.g. restore only part of nandroid image ) , or unpack them ( for yaffs partitions e.g. using unyaffs -- see my answer here ) . for completeness : there are also adb-style backups ( which again titanium backup is able to access ) . for these , you might want to take a look at e.g. android backup extractor and android backup splitter , and also my answer here on how to convert an adb backup into a tar file to investigate , using the perl adbbackuproutines from this xda thread .
deleting a secondary account will not delete the already installed apps associated with the account , afaik . however , that is a loophole that google might plug in the future . it is not possible to move apps from one account to another .
no , you cannot use a microphone on the mobile version of flash player . from the action script reference documents : runtime microphone support the microphone class is not supported in flash player running in a mobile browser .
i was able to set up a pair of tasker profiles that raises the volume to a particular level when a second call comes in from the same number within a five minute interval . it is fairly specific ( it only acts if the second call is from the same number as the most recent missed call , does not reset the volume after the call , etc . ) , but it could be a starting point .
harass me by samuel tardieu available from google play store does what you want : tired of missing extra-urgent calls because you forgot to switch your phone off silent mode ? this application will turn the volume on if the same number tries to call you 3 times in 3 minutes ( configurable ) .
i would investigate llama and see if it can do what you want . i do not think that it can do directly what you want with the current version ( 1.2011.12.29.1124 ) , but the developer is pretty responsive if you email him , and this is exactly the kind of thing that would work well with what it does . and an app that has an average rating of 4.72/5 on 3,256 reviews is pretty good .
seems to work for me -- here 's what i see : ( click image to enlarge )
yes , for non-free apps there is a minimum price for each supported currency . as i noticed this morning when adjusting the price of one of my apps , these minimum prices are not exactly equivalent across currencies ( and even if they were , they would drift over time due to exchange rate fluctuations ) . for example , i set the new price of my app at $0.99 for the us and the roughly equivalent price of £0.59 for the uk . however , i could not set such low prices for scandinavian countries or japan because the minimums were higher ( the japanese minimum is 99 yen , which is roughly £0.71 / us$1.16 at today 's rates ) . the full list of minimum and maximum prices is here . at current rates it seems that the cheapest possible non-free app would cost €0.50 ( approximately us$0.72 ) .
expanding on bryan 's previous answer , yes , there is a minimum limit on an app price : $0 ( free ) :- ) kidding aside , for non-free apps , there is a minimum limit for paid apps on the android market , and that minimum is based on the currency and location where the app is offered . for instance , a paid app offered in denmark must currently be listed for no less than 6 krone . these minimums may adjust over time to reflect fluctuations in currency value . the android market is not the only source for paid apps , however , and each app vendor may utilize unique policies for app pricing . in general , however , you will find that each vendor has some minimum limit set that will cover the costs of transaction fees .
in the android market , the minimum price is $0.99 . if i try to set my app any lower , it says i must set it to at least $0.99 .
if it is " bricked " you may still be able to run the manufacturer flash utility to start over . it seems very odd that is would be bricked by installing an android app , though . can you run adb uninstall id.of.app when it boots up ?
to do the hard reset here is the step : > set the volume into its maximum level > hold the power button for about 40 50 seconds > wait until the pop-up window appears > the release > control up the volume to select factory reset > then continue the process until you finished
since this is getting inactive for so long and no one seems to know the solution . then i guess i will bring my phone to where i bought it and face the consequences of my actions haha ! if they can not fix it , then no one can . lol cheers , guise !
if you are using the default version of adw launcher that comes with cyanogenmod 7 then you can add a shortcut to your homescreen fairly easily . long press on an empty space on one of your home screens and then select Launcher Actions-&gt;Open/close notifications to add the shortcut . on older versions of adw you can also do this , but you have to use a " custom shortcut " instead . specifically , you long press on an empty space and then select Custom shortcut . then on the dialog that appears you press the Pick your activity button and select Launcher Actions-&gt;Open/close notifications . i am not aware of any way to make it appear in the homescreen menu , unfortunately . it is one of the only features i miss from sense .
if you want to change the status bars colors and icons , this video shows you how by modifying framework . apk . this video was done on a windows operating thus the particular method used may not apply to all operating systems . alternatives is downloading super status bar or status bar+ from the play market . they are both free but also have a paid version . for the toggle in the notification bar you wanted , heres notification toggle , and heres another free toggle buttons app called toggle settings .
get a rom that has whatever you are looking for in a notification bar .
if you are just looking for toggle buttons in the notification bar i would check out widgetsoid , it is a very full-featured app that will let you create widgets or notification toggles of whatever you want . if you are looking to change the way the notification bar looks , you will need to have root access and install a theme , which would void your warranty and is only for the highly technical user .
from what i have seen this is not generally very easy to do . i know that replacing the icons and such requires modifying the underlying framework-res.apk file , and i have never really seen anything that modifies the functionality of the bar itself ( aside from custom roms with custom frameworks and the like ) . i am not completely positive on this , however . if you just want to get the toggles , though , you could try an app like notification toggle . it says that it is a little bit hit-or-miss depending on the device , but i would imagine that the nexus s would be on the better end of the scale .
this is something that has to be enabled in the kernel . some custom kernels do implement this , depending on your device .
i talked to the developer and mediarecorder_voice_call works if properly implemented in phone firmware , however many disable it out of fear ( mostly in the us it seems ) . some ( like skvalex 's ) rely on root/alsa/kernel support , which is not for the masses . at the same time , even with proper voice_call support , bluetooth does not work because of android ( or linux ? ) limitation . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?can=2start=0num=100q=colspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20starsgroupby=sort=id=60323
sorry to inform you : but that is a limitation in the system itself . android simply does not allow this , and offers no api to record the " remote side " -- which is the reason it is hard to find any app doing so satisfactory . you will find several developer discussions on this topic , and it seems it turned out " being hard to work around that limitation " is a big euphemism .
qr droid private ( version 5.3.3 ) does not ask for contact list permission . after scanning a qr vcard , the app offers to add it to your list and fills in the contact form . it is up to the user to press " done " . a common sense solution , which makes me suspicious of the real intentions of all the apps that ask for contact permission .
here is qr droid private . it does not access your contact information . usually the reason they want contact access is because you can store contact information in a qr code . so when scanned , it sees that it is a contact and adds it to your contacts . without access to your contacts , it would not be able to do this . another reason is that some of the apps allow you to create qr codes from your contacts . it would need read permission to do this . here is an example of a vcard stored in a qr code : here is the data that is stored in there :
try clearing the data for the market and rebooting the phone . then log in to the market , wait a minute , then back out and continue using your phone with the internet connection active . hopefully the market should update itself within a few minutes . or , you can just download and install the . apk . i rely on android police for the latest version ; they have posted 3.9.16 here .
one option is using ruus . a few google searches should get you going . another is flashable stock rom zips . a few searches in the xda developers forum for that device should put you in track .
short answer - no . there are advanced options accessible by typing the url opera:advanced , but most of those deal with the rendering engine .
first , try to decrypt the encrypted vault on your pc/mac using other encryption software ( presuming , you have its password and encryption key ) . the encrypted vaults are generally universally compatible , but not necessarily . if it does not work for you , setup an android emulator ( virtual android phone ) using android sdk . enable android market in it . install supervault and dropbox using market . use dropbox to download vault file in its virtual sdcard . decrypt files and withdraw them using dropbox .
not by default , no . you can export contacts to the sdcard , but that would only contain " the owner " if they have themselves in their contacts . but you would also probably have no clue which one is them . while it is a grand gesture on your part , i think you are the new owner of a used sdcard .
android by default does not save any personally identifiable info to the sd card , the system backs up/syncs important data to the web , not the sd card but there may be a chance that an app has saved something useful to there . most apps store their main settings ( which is where things like login names/email addresses would be ) in the phone 's internal memory , only using the sd card for storing larger files and cached data . the most obvious would be to look for pictures , but depending how they use their camera , etc that may not be any help . they may have files with identifiable info in the Download folder , from saved email attachments , web pages , etc . for some common apps that may be likely : if they have used an app like lifesaver to back up their call log or message log to their sd card , then you could open that and look for frequently contacted numbers . this would be a text file in a folder called LifeSever or LifeSaver-F that can be opened in notepad . if they use dropbox , they may have saved files with useful info into the Dropbox folder . possibly the photos could be helpful
as ryan said , you can export the contacts to the card , if you were to put the card in your phone you could potentially look at the contacts and maybe they have someone in their phone listed as " mom " or " girlfriend " or something that would help you identify them .
unless you still have the build . prop file from your 1.6 rom somehow , i do not think the os version is the issue . i would guess it is blocking based on your device or carrier , not the os . check out the answer to this question to see how to view and edit the build . prop file . you can report a different device/os version through that . if you want to change your apparent carrier , try the marketenabler app .
the simplenote website actually lists some android clients . click the link and scroll down to " mobile " , where you will find 4 or 5 of them listed . i tried evernote myself , and had the worst experience . i have a droid 2 , and the notes were not reliably syncing to my pc . the evernote customer service is the worst i have ever experienced in my life . they do not allow a dialogue with their people . they close your case before your problem is solved . it is a real mess . that is why i am giving simplenote a try . good luck !
simplenote is updating all of their apps , and that also means that they have released an official android app . the official app does not require an account to use ; you can take and store notes locally on your device before signing up to the free service for cloud syncing . although third-party apps were previously available , the official option is a welcome one that gives android users an experience in line with the ios app . simplenote 's expansion to android comes just over half a year since wordpress owner automattic bought the service , pledging to improve its mobile apps . simplenote on google play
mnote works well , simple . andronoter ( never tried it but it is ad free ) both are free . i have never used it on an iphone so i do not have a basis of comparison . i also do not use simplenote much anymore because i have consolidated to just evernote . i also preferred 3banana to simplenote but in the end opted for evernote .
if you just want to " refresh " it , you could try a factory-reset , which will essentially revert it to a " blank state " ( i.e. . remove all user-data and user installed apps ) , so you can start over with a fresh system . you should however create a good backup beforehand – which is not an easy task with android prior to ics ( pre-4.0 ) . on the other had , this can be done without any " modifications " ( such as rooting or the like ) . if you consider updating your device , take a closer look at custom roms like cyanogenmod . there might be other roms available which are tuned specifically for your device , and thus giving better performance even with a newer version of android . this installation process however is a bit more " technical " , and in most cases requires rooting the device and installing a custom recovery .
if you have a custom recovery such as clockworkmod recovery or team win recovery project , you can first make a nandroid backup ( which saves all of your current data to your sd card ) . then you could complete a factory reset ( either from android itself or from your custom recovery ) . finally , get an app like titanium backup or nandroid manager to retrieve your old apps and data . as for installing a custom rom , you may want to check out your device specific forum at xda developers . note that custom roms may not be as stable as the one you currently have . they could be unstable or even brick your phone . flash with caution . also , since you have root , have you tried deleting the bloatware that comes with the phone ( if there is any ) ? an app like titanium backup should do the trick . your phone should feel faster after that is done .
your s4 firmware is corrupt some way . you should head to xda forums and see tutorial for s4 rooting . once you have read everything carefully and done all the steps correctly , you should install a custom rom for s4 , since this would remove the random booting , if you have not damaged the battery with water or anything . note ! rooting is very risky if you do not know what you are doing ! maybe one of your friends has a rooted phone ? ask them or read more about rooting in google . regards .
i would do something else . chances are high your firmware has an issue . go to http://samsung-updates.com/ , select your device and search for your provider . download the full firmware ( about 1.6 gb ) unzip ( only once ) . get yourself odin ( its for windows only ) . its on xda everywhere . a wipe data and wipe cache from recovery mode would be helpful here . hold on power button and volume up fore a while to go there , navigate using volume buttons . hit ok using power button . put your phone in download mode . ( turn off , hold down power button and volume down for a while , hit power up when the message appeared ) . connect your phone to the pc . odin should see it now . in odin you have a bunch of buttons on the right , select the second from the top on the right there . navigate to your unzipped firmware image . ( a . tar . md5 file ) select it . hit start after the file loaded . do not touch your setup during flashing . good luck ! do not try to flash firmware that is not designed for your phone . it can destroy it . ( worst case ) . you can hit getprop in a shell on the device to get all information about your device . the exact device type , firmware version , provider shortcut and so on . another approach is to use samsung kies . kies allows you to do firmware updates and used to flash every system partition on the device , not just the changes as the ota does . if you already are at the newest firmware , it might not work cause there is no update .
this site and this other confirm this method : power off device completely hold down the Home and Volume Down buttons press and hold the Power button until the device powers on follow the on-screen instructions to reset your device
media-button-router , already mentioned in one of your linked questions , tries to figure out what app is currently playing music and to dispatch the avrcp events to it . in addition , it lists all apps installed , that declare to listen to avrcp events . what makes avrcp complicated : some apps , like sony 's music unlimited , seem not to declare android.intent.action.MEDIA_BUTTON in their manifest . for this ( or maybe some other ) reason they can not be controlled via media-button-router . i know that e.g. music unlimited can be controlled via avrcp since i read it in a user comment and also i was able to get it running once but unfortunately it is not reproducable . so in those cases it seems that we have to wait for an app 's update with a clean implementation of avrcp event handling . according to media-button-router 's wiki " media button intent handling is done through ordered broadcasts , and each app sets it is own priority for receiving . " so maybe it could be possible to write an app that displays theese priorities and , in effect , would allow you to determine what application will start . however , i do not know about such an app .
it should work imo . i have used a standard galaxy nexus earphone on my ipod touch ; it could do everything from skipping to record voice etc .
if you have done a backup of the system , you can restore the system to that point or else find someone else 's dump of your device and restore that dump . you can find the dump for your device at xda forums . you can also try ota update , if that is available .
if you are sure that the bluetooth device works perfect with other devices , and you have tested with stock- and custom-rom . then you have only got one option left , deliver your smartphone for repair/guarantee .
seems to have been a common problem with plantronics pro voyager series headsets , not specific to android .
yes , htc iqagent is carrier iq software .
android market has avim editor ( vi/vim ) . it is not free and has some poor reviews .
you could use the busybox version of vi . if you are rooted then you can get it from the market and it will install pretty trivially ( example ) . then you had just need to execute vi from a terminal and you are good to go . i do not know of any installers that do not require root , but there may be one floating around somewhere that will install to /data/local or something . alternatively , you can do it the " manual " way . the following should work fine on an unrooted phone : download a buxybox binary or build it yourself ( here 's a copy of 1.16.0 hosted on cyanogenmod 's wiki ) . copy the binary over to /data/local somehow . adb is easy if you have it set up - just connect your tablet and use : adb push /path/to/busybox /data/local . you could also put it on your sd card and then move it with a file manager . you may need to use chmod to make it executable , which can be done from either a terminal emulator or an adb shell - chmod 0755 /data/local/busybox should suffice . execute vi from a terminal with /data/local/busybox vi . of course , if you just want any ol ' editor you do not have to use vi . there are a bunch in the market .
for anyone else having a similar problem , this seems to be lack of memory . when there is too many processes running at the same time and the application start the camera , android runs out of memory and the application crashes before android can free memory . i suggest you check the list of applications that run processes and uninstall some of them . this can happen not only with camera , though . my phone used to close everything when the application started the pictures gallery or the file manager , and when trying to add a shortcut on home screen . i solved that by uninstalling memory consuming processes .
mine does the same thing . you have to take it apart and put it back together .
1 . remove your battery . 2 . wait 5 min . 3 . put battery back to phone . 4 . switch on your phone
it is not that the locale is locked , it is just that it is only useful to change it to a language that is already on your phone . if the phone does not have a translation and other needed files for german , changing the locale to german will not have any effect . it is just like if you have a german phone and you install an app that is not translated into german : you will get the app 's default language . you can only add a new system language by installing a custom rom that supports that language , and as you have noticed , it is hard to find custom roms for chinese phones .
i think that gives me a feel that your isp provider may have blocked some sites . why do not you try contacting your isp vendor ask for a resolution they have firewalls installed over their backend which i guess may be the reason you can not access the google . com or facebook . okay try installing some free proxy softwares and then try accessing the google . com or facebook . com if by that time it start working fine then i guess i was correct it is the problem with the isp end not your end .
according to the gs4 's specifications , it supports the following bluetooth profiles only : pbap - phone book access profile a2dp - advanced audio distribution profile avrcp - audio/video remote control profile hfp - hands-free profile hsp - headset profile opp - object push profile sap - sim access profile hid - human interface device profile pan - personal area networking profile map - message access profile your motorola cs3070 scanner supports the following bt profiles : hid - keyboard wedge spp - serial port profile i believe the absence of spp profile support on gs4 could be the reason you cannot properly connect the two devices without additional software . according to this video , software called " bluepiano " can be used with this scanner model . in the comments they specifically mention the spp profile , and that there should be instructions in the scanner 's manual on getting it to work with some handsets .
as per broam 's suggestion above , i am posting my comment as an answer . hopefully some people finds it useful . if you add a subject to the message you are making , it gets converted to mms format . even if the subject is empty , at least , that is what i know
i have found that another option , on phones or text messaging apps that support group texting but that do not force mms when you add a subject , is to create an artificial ' group ' consisting of the person you are texting to . . . . and yourself . in other words , send the text to the target person and yourself . if you have got group texting support , doing so will force an mms , and thereby bypass google voice . hence , your emoji will get transmitted in spite of voice . once you send the group text , you will receive a redundant copy of your text . at that point , just delete it . this approach can become a little messy if you do not know what you are doing , but it works for me . :- )
force the mms i have saw this comment you provided on your question : @flow in my tariff mms sending through the country is free whereas sms is not free if this is the case , you can have a .jpg as a signature file , and attach it to every sms you send . since the image is a media component , your sms will become an mms , thus saving you some $$ . original answer as far as i know , you can not . an mms message is a plain old text message with contents attached . if you attach a media file , it will be send as a mms message . otherwise it will follow as an sms . what is mms ? wikipedia multimedia messaging service , or mms , is a standard way to send messages that include multimedia content to and from mobile phones . it extends the core sms ( short message service ) capability that allowed exchange of text messages only up to 160 characters in length .
i had manually exported contacts to google csv , uploaded to google spreadsheets . edited manually table by copying comments column to phone number column , deleted extra text , upload csv to contacts again
you can get most of that if you buy into the google ecosystem . i use gmail for all of my email . i have several addresses . those non-gmail addresses i have are auto-forwarded ( or pulled via pop3 ) into my gmail inbox . i have gmail set up to send as any of those addresses . i use google voice and only ever give out that number . any sms messages sent to my number are forwarded to my gmail . i can respond to those message by replying to the email message . voicemail , similar , is sent to my gmail . while i can not listen to the voice message right in the email client on android , it is just a hop and a skip over to the google voice app . in any case , i usually just use the automatic transcription to gauge whether i want to call the person back or not .
try this program sd maid . open program , go to appcontrol tab and click the app you want . there is an option called , " remove app but keep its data " . edit : i am not sure but it might require root .
eventually , simply uninstalling and reinstalling normally worked ! turns out data is saved this way or another .
normally there're four reasons for default apps to reset . you install an app that can handle that intent . you uninstall an app that can handle that intent . you update an app that can handle that intent . the app is on the sdcard and you rebooted/mounted it on a pc . the fourth is commonly overlooked . without source level changes this can not be modified .
the first one you asked about means the phone is connected in debug mode to a computer : and the phone between zig-zag lines means it is on vibration mode .
there are the two things of note that i see in your data : the instructions indicate that you should use fastboot -i 0x1949 boot u-boot.bin . this is actually not correct , because the fastboot boot command is intended for hotbooting a boot . img , not a bootloader ( they are different ) . the original xda instructions give the proper command , which is fastboot -i 0x1949 flash bootloader u-boot.bin . this will install firefirefire on your device , overwriting the stock bootloader . generally , if your kf hangs at the boot splash screen , it is stuck in fastboot mode . you can reset it to the normal boot mode by connecting it to a pc and executing fastboot -i 0x1949 oem idme bootmode 4000 and then rebooting . if you have firefirefire installed you can leave off the -i 0x1949 flag because it uses a different vendor id .
well , now the phone can find the signal fine after a few days . i did nothing different . however , i had taken many steps beforehand , such as updating the firmware , prl and profile , restarting the phone , restarting the cable and router . none of those actions worked , however just waiting a few days seemed to resolve it . this is not much of an " answer " , but i am keeping the question and answer so that if anyone else has troubles , maybe theirs will also be resolved by " just waiting " .
the expected behaviour has to be provided by the application rather than not from android services . i have not used rmaps , but i use trekbuddy which also uses offline map tiles created by mobac . the working nature of the mobac and hence these apps which depends on mobac does provide offline map tile in layers . either zoom level can be stored in a layer or different map types like satellite image , terrain , normal map etc can be in stored in each layer . when i create offline maps i create them in various zoom levels say ( from 15 to 10 ) each in seperate layer as shown : the apps like rmaps and trekbuddy shows only one layer at a time . to simulate zooming , one has to load the layer with higher zoom level . say for example , if i am presently viewing a map in zoom level 10 , in order to zoom , i should load layer for zoom level 11 or higher . to ease this operation , trekbuddy has a feature called easy zoom , with which ( once configured properly ) , once can zoom with volume rocker keys . pressing volume up will zoom up and pressing volume down will zoom down . however as expected this feature intervened with actual volume up and down feature and hence it was reported to work in few phones only ( not working in mine - a lg optimus one running andorid 2.3.3/cm10 ) .
yes , there is no reason you could not do this on android . but you had have to modify the app to generate the scaled tiles on-the-fly : it would certainly be fast enough on a recent phone with a good gpu . i do not believe there is already an app that does this : satellite maps are so large that wanting to use them offline is an unusual use case .
no , it would not make a lot of difference to the battery life , and it is just as likely to increase power consumption as to decrease it . the screen would still draw the same amount of power . all that you had be saving is that the gpu would not have to do as much work to shade pixels ( i.e. . determine the colour of each individual pixel ) - but that would come at the cost of having to scale up each 720p frame to the 1080p physical resolution of the screen itself . you had only get a net benefit from that in certain kinds of game where pixel shading is very expensive . such games often do this already - they render expensive parts at a lower resolution and upscale - to keep within the 16ms budget for rendering each frame . at all other times , the upscaling would be unnecessarily costing you power .
let me guess . . . you turned on gpu rendering in the developer options ? some apps that do not properly support it will do that . try turning that off . also , on an unrelated note : you can take screenshots by holding power and volume down .
as things stand handcent would fulfill all your criteria save the last one . in any case , ads are shown only in the options screen - never in the message list or conversation view . if you are rooted , you can use adfree to try to eliminate them .
the screen does not randomly turn off : it turns off after a fixed time . you can change how long before the screen turns off in the main device settings : display → sleep . this applies regardless of what app is in the foreground . if you like , you can use a third-party automation tool such as tasker or llama to change the screen timeout according to what app you are using . this question explains how . samsung phones also have a feature called " smart stay " . this activates the front-facing camera just before it turns the screen off , to check whether you are looking at the screen : if so , it leaves the screen on for a while longer . this is not a standard android feature : it was developed by samsung and only available on their phones .
another option not involving too many buttons would be " voice control " . for this , i can recommend you a combination of tasker and the autovoice addon on the software side , and a common bluetooth headset on the hardware side . using the bluetooth headsets button , you can activate autovoice , then speak your command , and tasker would execute it . due to the versatility of tasker , this gives you almost unlimited possibilities to control your device ( and everything connected to it ) – if you miss one specific feature , chances are very high there is another tasker addon adding exactly that . i am a long-time tasker user , and cannot imagine doing without it anymore . i also tried autovoice , and must say it works great . you can even use " casual phrasing " and have it " matching for wildcards " – so it e.g. would not matter whether you say " tv on " , or " turn the tv on " , or even " turn the tv screen on" ; setup correctly , autovoice would check for " tv . . on " , and act accordingly . ( sorry for the strange example , but that is about what i did , integrating it with my home equipment ; ) one possible " handicap " here : as autovoice relies on google voice , it would need a network connection to work . but the big plus : nothing to carry in your hands : )
it sounds like what you want is a presentation clicker . this is a small device used by speakers to control slides during their talk . usually it uses bluetooth hid profile , and is visible to the host device as a keyboard or mouse . alternatively , you might already have a bluetooth game controller ( such as a playstation controller ) . android has support for these built-in . there are also wired usb presentation clickers , and usb game controllers . if your device supports usb-on-the-go , you can use one of these .
try doing a factory reset again , and do not include you gmail e-mail during setup i.e. before the home screen comes , once the home screen is active then go to google play and login , should be able to download the apps
you will struggle to get a sim card that is not on a contract in japan . even then , it is really hard if you do not have a japanese passport . the best option i am aware of would be to get a sim from www.mobalnarita.com. disable data on your phone and use wifi only . data charges in japan are really expensive .
sim-locked phones need to be unlocked for use on other carriers . almost every phone you get will be sim-locked . the most easily unlocked phones i know of are the galaxy s line . the only other thing you need to check is the radio frequency bands used by the device and the carrier . if they match , you are in luck . " quad-band " devices should work on every gsm network .
press vol up + power button for about 4 seconds , keep until reset menu appears .
appears to currently be us only , and only added in the latest epic 4g update . however the marketing materials keep mentioning galaxy s devices , rather than any specific models , so it could well roll out to the rest of the galaxy s range in future updates , or possibly even via the on-device samsung apps store that most galaxy s 's have ( assuming your phone company has not removed it ) . however it is worth bearing in mind that this is a transparent attempt to lock you into samsung for future phone and tv purchases , as once you have built up a large library of paid content on their media store , you are probably not going to want to move to hardware where you can not watch that content . if you are happy with that then ok , personally i will stick to more hardware independant media vendors .
no , i have had media hub since i was running 2.1 in august 2010 ( on my vibrant ) . i am sure you could get it from somewhere and side-load it .
i had the same problem after installing custom rom ( ics for desire ) , solved it by installing data connection fix from google play . it now works perfectly .
you can not , wifi direct is for peer to peer wifi connection only , like paring with buetooth . your pc is not set up to do this kind of direct connection . so the answer is " no " . your question is mixed , what did you use to create the ad-hoc network ? what was the route that would allow you to brwose the web ? you can use an htc one x to create a wifi hotspot for the pc to connect to , but not the other way around . it is really confusing question .
according to the specifications your phone has 512mb memory , which is quite close to the lower limit for actual 3d games like n.o.v.a. 3 . because the os must read the game data into the allocated ram for the game-process ( a lot less than 512mb ) . the game-data is propably bigger than the total allocated ram space so android starts to cache the stuff internally ( internal flash space , not sd card ) . so after loading the game the sd-card class/speed is not the most important part . a faster sd-card will probably just speed up the loading progress but not the gaming experience itself .
the process has changed as of version 4.1 . you no longer have to sign out and sign back in . to switch : open the menu by swiping right or tapping the icon in the upper left tap the down arrow next to your name ( or your page 's name ) if necessary , tap " switch google+ page " tap the name of the page you want to switch to the process is the same to go back to your regular account . this is how to do it with versions 3.2 ( or the version updated 11th october depending on your device ) to 4.0 . x . to switch : sign out choose your user account ( if you have more than one ) if you have recently updated the app you may need to go through a few settings screens choose to sign in as yourself or one of your pages
do not know about erd -- but there some ( flowchart ) diagram editors around : andyuml can create and share simple uml diagrams . it is not " drawing " , you rather " write the code " , like with graphviz dianoid can create diagrams , uml-like flowcharts , mind-maps and sketches quickly and easily . droiddia describes itself as similar as microsoft visio , but for android tablets and phones . smart diagram says : usage : flow chart , tree diagram , mind map , etc there might be some more -- but this should get you started . some screenshots : dianoid ( left ) , andyuml ( right ) .
after doing a lot of research around this issue , i deleted the relevant contact , and all the conversations , and after adding the contact again , everything worked ok . i believe it has something to do with having multiple copies of the same number in the messaging system . ie +447891 . . . . 07891 . . . . . 447891 . . . etc i might be completely wrong about this . but it definitely works now , on all 3 messaging apps that i have tried .
astro file manager can help you with this , just install it and run it once , then you can add folders by long-pressing the desktop , selecting more and tapping astro . it will let you browse folders and one can be selected by long-pressing it .
how they detect that someone is tethering a device is not something that network providers often want to talk about , for the obvious reason that the more consumers know about how this is being detected , the easier it is for them to find ways to hide the fact that they are doing it , and avoid the associated extra charges ( 1 ) . however there are certain known techniques that will give away the fact that you are currently tethering , if your service provider happens to be running the right tool to check for these indicators : your phone asks your network if tethering is allowed the first and easiest method is that some phones will query the network to check whether the current contract allows tethering , and then totally disable the tethering options on the device in software if not . this generally only happens if you are running an os version that has been customized by your provider , example 1 example 2 . your phone tells your network that you are tethering it is also rumoured that some phones have a second set of apn details saved in them by the phone network , when you enable tethering they switch over to using this second apn for all tethered traffic , while using the normal apn for traffic originating on the phone . however i have not found any concrete evidence of this , other than people finding odd apns and wondering what they are for ( bear in mind that an unlocked phone bought off-contract may have hundreds or thousands of apns stored on it , ready for use on whichever network in whichever country the eventual owner decides to use it ) . inspecting the network packets for their ttl ( time to live ) every network packet travelling across a tcp/ip network , like the internet , has a built-in time-to-live ( ttl ) set on it , so that in case there is a problem with that packet reaching its destination this will stop it travelling around the network forever clogging everything up . the way this works is that the packet starts with a ttl number ( say 128 ) set on it when it leaves the sending device ( your phone , or laptop ) , and then every time that packet travels through a router of any kind ( like your home broadband router , or a router at your isp or phone company ) that router subtracts one from the ttl ( which would decrement the ttl to 127 in this example ) , the next router it travels through will in turn decrement the ttl again , and so on , if the ttl ever reaches zero then the router it is at discards the packet and does not transmit it again . when your phone is tethering it acts like a router so , as the packet passes from your tethered laptop through your phone and onto the phone network , your phone will subtract "1" from the ttl to show that the packet has passed through its first router . the phone networks know what the expected ttls from common devices are ( for instance packets from an iphone always start at a ttl of 64 ) , and so they can spot when they are one less ( or totally different ) than they are expecting . mac address inspection devices on a tcp/ip network , like the internet , all have a unique mac id set on their network interfaces . this is made up of two halves , one half identifying the manufacturer of the interface , and the other half being a unique identifier assigned by the manufacturer ( like a serial number ) . every network packet that is sent out will have been " stamped " with the mac address of the originating device 's network port . the mac address of your laptop 's wifi card will have a very different manufacturer and serial code than the mac address of your phone 's 3g interface . tcp/ip stack fingerprinting different computer operating systems ( eg android , ios , windows , mac osx , linux , etc ) set up their tcp/ip stacks with different default values and settings ( eg the initial packet size , initial ttl , window size . . . ) . the combination of these values can give a " fingerprint " that can be used to identify what operating system is running on the originating device . a side-effect of this may mean that if you are using an uncommon os , or an os that is similar to your phone 's on your other device , your tethering may not be spotted . looking at the destination ip/url you can learn a lot by what a device regularly communicates with . for instance , many oss these days do captive portal detection when they first connect to a wifi network ( such as your wifi tether connection ) , they do this by trying to connect to a known web server across the internet , and checking to see if they get the response that they are expecting . if the expected response is not received , then it is likely that the wifi connection you are on is a " captive portal " and may need you to log in , or pay , to connect to it . as microsoft oss ( like windows vista and windows 7 check with a microsoft server by default and other oss like android , macos and so on all connect to their parent company 's servers to do these checks , it can be used as a good indication of the operating system just after the initial connection is made . additionally , if a device regularly contacts the windows update servers , then it is very likely that device is a windows pc or laptop , whereas if it regularly checks with google 's android update servers , then it is probably a phone . or if they can see that you are connecting to the apple app store , but the imei of the device that your sim card is in indicates that it is not an apple device , maybe you are tethering an ipad to an android phone ? more sophisticated systems can look at a whole range of data seeing who you are communicating with ( eg are you connecting to the facebook app 's api servers which is more likely from a phone , or to facebook 's web servers which is more likely from a pc ) and add a whole load of these indicators together to create a fingerprint that indicates what sort of device you are likely to be using . some of these fingerprints can be caught out when new device types and services come out , for instance there are reports that just after tablets with built-in 3g came out , some owners of these on the at and t network received mails warning them that they had been tethering when they had not , as the fingerprint from this new style of device did not look like a typical phone . ( 1 ) obviously before trying any methods to by-pass tethering detection please remember to check your phone contract and your phone company 's policies on tethering . they may have penalty clauses buried in their contract , fair use policy , or acceptable use policy for people who try to bypass their restrictions and limits .
in reality mobile network internet providers predominantly use deep package inspection with uri fingerprinting to detect tethering . it is the only method that is feasible to use for large scale operation . they can use known sites , e.g. the windows update server , to detect that it is a non-phone device that is accessing . or for http , read web browser user agent to detect that the browser is for a non-phone platform . having said this , these methods have some significant limitations . timing offset from start of use until detection can take minutes detection can be neutralised by using end-user encryption using all possible fingerprinting techniques often result in triggering false positives so the reality is that tethering detection is a balancing act from an operator perspective . they typically only implement enough to be able to block regular , non-geek users ( which constitute the wast majority of mobile users ) . deploying tighter detection to block tech savvy users is typically not worth the effort , and may backfire by generating too many false-positive events . as long as they get paid for used data , they will look the other way . they rather concentrate their effort on hackers and blocking revenue leakage due to network exploits .
wipe data and cache from recovery and reboot .
you should not need to do this for the archos 70 . do you have the archos 70 internet tablet or the archos 7 home tablet ? the link you have is for the archos 7 home tablet , which is an older model . if you in fact have a generation 8 , archos 70 , here 's the link you want : http://forum.archosfans.com/viewtopic.php?f=63t=42067 all you have to do is open the apk file on your tablet .
it could be referring to usb debug mode . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development to turn that off .
no . best thing to do would be to read a book on development ; offline reading of pdf files or saved web pages or rss feeds . perhaps , if you feel there is a gap in the market here you could write this game yourself ! i can not help feeling that perhaps buying a book is the best option , however . in the past i have spent some time working through these little puzzles : http://www.gimpel.com/html/bugs.htm i guess you could save some of those for offline reading .
possibly a little low-brow for your needs , but there are a couple of logo implementations on the market , such as turtle graphics . as i say , a bit simplistic , but you can at least mess about with loops and so on , and get some pretty pictures as a bonus . . .
you could try using anki it is a free spaced repetition app , so it is not exactly a game , but it is a way of learning that is more interactive than just reading . what it does is act like flash cards for your phone , although you can download the flash cards other people have created . there are quite a few programming related " shared decks " that you can download ( with decks being collections of the anki flashcards ) such as python , c , java , c# .
you should try logmein - ignition for android . i find it much faster than vnc when accessing my macbook from my windows pc . i would image it works just as well with android .
i ended up going with teamviewer , but thanks for all the suggestions !
pocketcloud is excellent and free to use for one computer at a time .
from the terminal , you can use svc to control several elements of your device . for mobile data , it would be : to disable : svc data disable to enable : svc data enable you can simply type svc help for a list of available commands , or svc help [command] for a list of subcommands . for example : to get the list of subcommands for controlling mobile data : svc help data to get the list of subcommands for controlling wifi : svc help wifi
call track is a free app that logs your call details into a google calender . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.calltrack
this is a bit roundabout , but it works:- from the call log , click create contact . on the screen for creating a contact , long-tap the phone number field to select it and bring up the special action mode buttons for selected text . click the ' copy ' icon . ( that is the one to the right of the pair of scissors . ) click cancel to cancel creating the contact , and answer ok to the confirmation dialog . switch to the calendar app and create a new event , or edit the event you want to change . long-tap some empty space in the description and click paste . as for why the s3 's phone app does not let you copy the number to the clipboard directly , or share it , only samsung can tell us that .
your previous task manager was a samsung addition , and not part of android itself . in 2.3 onwards there is a very similar and memory usage listing . if you go into settings , then into applications and click the " running services " option , it should show you everything that is running along with how much memory it is using . there is also a small graph at the bottom showing ram used vs ram free .
on some mtk65xx device , the bin4ry script failed to reboot the device after the first step . so , you have to do that manually . so , right after this line appear " successful , going to reboot your device in 10 seconds ! " wait until the restore data closes , then reboot i have the same problem with my local branded tablet , and manual reboot solved the problem , and the script proceed to step 2 and finished the rooting process .
choosing the google installer option will verify the application with google before installing . choosing the package installer option will install the application as is . since i like to be safe , i installed avg antivirus from the play store . a third option will be to scan the package for viruses before installing .
it call the last number used in or out , its supposed to be a quick reconnect after a dropped call . . . the the bt is supposed to be hands free , so using the phone to select a call is none hands free ! you should be able to double tap the button and get a voice recognition control , with various occasionally funny results
this is probably determined by your particular headset , not your phone . i have two different headsets and the call button does two completely different things when pressed .
the data usage screen can show both mobile data and wi-fi usage ( but only shows one by default ) . you are almost certainly seeing your wi-fi usage , 750mb does not sound unlikely for a new device that will have downloaded settings , apps , contacts , and probably os updates . if you have a sim card in your phone then the data usage app defaults to only showing mobile data usage , but there is a menu option to allow you to set it to show wi-fi data usage too . i assume that if the device has never had a sim card inserted , then it will default to showing wi-fi usage , as that is the only data usage it is used . ( screenshots from a galaxy nexus , so it should work the same way )
no , you would need an application like " where 's my droid " installed on the device and know the phone number for the device . if you sold the device , the new owner probably did a factory reset on the device so your information is no longer associated to the device . in the future , before you sell your device , you should go in and do a factory reset so you are not giving the device away with any of your information . i want to add my opinion on these apps that claim to help you find your device ( including " where 's my droid" ) if it is lost or stolen . they are great if you lost your phone in your house ( or somewhere " safe" ) but if you lost it at like a bar or if someone actually stole it , chances are you will not even be able to use this software . a factory reset can be done on any device rather quickly , which would remove your " locating software " and remove any " tie " that your accounts may have to the device . also , they require the device be on , so if someone does steal your phone , all they have to do is turn it off , and when they have a chance , do a factory reset . my best advice i can give you is to remember that these are ~$600 devices ( what you will pay off contract , or for a replacement ) so treat it like it is a ~$600 device and do not leave it laying around . i am not saying that i would ever take someones phone or anything , but i could have the device factory reset by the time i got to the door to leave . it is as easy as Menu -> Settings -> Privacy -> Factory Data Reset .
there is also the utrack feature by samsung for those purposes on s g y . but it needs to be prepared , which seems to be not the case here .
as ryan conrad already pointed out , the new owner probably did a factory reset when they bought the device . however , it is indeed possible to locate it if it is still connected to the account , with an application such as lookout 's plan b . according to its description , it can be downloaded from the android market online directly to the device ( if still connected to your google account ) and would upon installation send an email to your email address . disclaimer : i do not in any way , shape or form actually encourage you to do something like this , and though i assuming you asked this as a hypothetical question , i can not understate that this is ethically wrong to do , and possibly also illegal in some areas without the owner 's consent .
i think you are talking about expanded desktops . can not you disable it from the power menu ? image from phandroid .
this might not work but worth a try . connect your s3 to a pc ( or use a file explorer ) . in those albums , unhide system files . . . and delete the album art.jpg . . . or all the hidden image files . should work .
try this free app called " pimp my music " . it does everything you want to do with album art .
this is the solution i came up with . first , it seems that album art is cached , so after deleting the offending album , closing the music player , and restarting the phone , it might still persist . in this case , leave it for a day and try again . second , go to Folder Options / View / Advanced Settings / Show hidden files and folders . and uncheck Hide protected operating system files (recommended) . delete Folder.jpg , AlbumArt.jpg , and AlbumArtSmall.jpg in the offending album 's folder ( and any other jpgs that represent the old album art . usually they have uuids for names ) . third , make sure there is an AlbumArt.jpg representing the correct album art in the album 's folder . ideally , AlbumArt.jpg should be a perfect square . fourth , try copying the album 's folder back to the phone . if everything in the first step was tried and the album art has not changed , i would suggest changing the album 's name . technically , you are adding a new album at this point , but at least it will have the right album art .
after digging through the source that roxan mentioned a bit , it looks like the following in /proc can tell you what cpu speeds are available and how much time has been spent in each : /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/stats/time_in_state however , it does give some other states that are not appropriate . for example , on my samsung vibrant , i get : 1400000 0 1300000 0 1200000 0 1000000 214141 800000 40092 400000 25273 200000 6159308 100000 389  but the chip 's standard clock is 1 ghz . so it looks like it should be fairly trivial to find the highest listed speed that has a non-zero time to it . for my purposes , this should be very adequate . edit : i have observed that sometimes the order in which the frequencies is listed can vary , so you will want to iterate through the whole list and find the fastest ( as opposed to stopping at the first non-zero ) . more edit : here 's a function that works for me :
i use this tiny , open source awesome app called cpu spy . not only this shows you the maximum cpu clock rate that your phone supports it also shows you all the clock rates that your phone supports . it will also display the total time and percentage the phone spends on each clock rate .
read this file to get the max frequency : /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/cpuinfo_max 
to contradict the above /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/stats/time_in_state  does not return the correct values . for example on my own device the frequencies are not correctly reported . as you can see , the clock speed on my device is 1200mhz - but only 1000mhz max shows in time_in_state . however , the following is correct cat /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu0/cpufreq/cpuinfo_max_freq 1200000 
google docs requires an active internet connection , when that error happens try testing whether you can access internet on the browser . you can alternatively make a document available offline in the preview document screen , you still will not be able to edit it but it will be still be readable .
too bad android se is not as active as other se sites , just did a nandroid restore from when i just installed the rom and so far i have not set up titanium backup . well that'll teach me . . . at least it boots again .
afaik , the original droid is completely hardware incapable of providing video out via usb . the droid incredible does provide this functionality , but it has a usb port specifically designed for it ( extra pins ) .
we have here two situations colliding . for wireless-tether to have worked in the first place , it means that you were rooted . it is typical behavior of ota updates to remove root access . you must re-root your device in order to ensure that wireless-tether will work properly again . the root access portion of wireless-tether is what helps it work its magic that prevents that verizon hijack page from coming up .
the droid x has a similar issue with this , make sure that you set the device profile to droid 2 in wifi tether . this is a setting that was added in the wifi tether 3.0+ versions .
i was able to solve this , but it is not pretty . following the advice in this thread , i applied a hack to the radio that gets wireless tether working . edit : i can confirm this exact procedure will also work on a droid x . download and install radiocomm . it worked fine on windows 7 x64 . open radiocom . this was the first time i opened the app , and a splash screen asked for me to " select which ma to use . " i could not find the ma mentioned in the thread in this list , so i just selected 3g all others ( or something like that ) . open the main menu , select ma , common , mdm 6x00 chipset base . open the settings menu , select usb , pst usb driver . connect phone to computer via usb . change the phone 's usb connection mode to pc mode . the radio detection icon on the right side of radiocomm will turn green . scroll to the p2k 4 tab . in the stelem / rdelem section , tick the dec entries radio box . in the text boxes , enter : Element ID: 8040 Record #: 1 Offset: 0 Length: 128  press RDELEM . it will turn green and the following data should appear : change Element ID to 8041 . press STELEM . it will turn green . change Element ID to 8091 . press STELEM . change the phone 's usb connection mode to charge only . reboot the phone . install wifi tether 3.1-beta6 . in wifi tether 's settings , change the device profile to motorola droidx ( cdma ) . ( droid2 does not work . ) this is a good time to set your ssid and encryption as well . done . you can now tether . in case you need to revert the changes we just made , here 's the original values : ( these are the same on a d2g and droid x ) 8041: 8091:
you could use widgetlocker and have a shortcut on your lockscreen to your camera . i have not personally tried this , but it should technically work .
with just the stock android experience , no . that is , until ice cream sandwich is released . that is not to say that oems have not added their own changes that do allow for launching the camera app without unlocking , or perhaps a clever developer making a change to the lockscreen .
there are apps in android market which provide an alternate lockscreen such as widgetlock or magiclocker ( free ) through which you could have direct access to camera from the lock screen . also with some custom rom 's based on cyanogenmod , you could add shortcuts to any app on the lock screen .
if you want to do the opposite , shutdown when charge , use this : " auto shutdown when no charge " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.zerofactorial.probattle good for my car 's device and also had button broken
kernel is loaded at a later stage in the boot-up process , so any modifications to it would not have any effect for when the device is powered off . this functionality really depends on each device 's hardware , most likely in the bootloader ( more knowledgeable editors feel free to correct me . ) for example , my motorola atrix 4g phone begins booting up when i connect a charger , while my samsung galaxy tab does not - it displays the " battery charging " graphic and requires being powered on manually .
the battery charging graphic is displayed by /system/bin/playlpm file on samsung devices . if you are root , you can edit this file to #!/system/bin/sh /system/bin/reboot  be sure to add those permissions to the file chmod 0755/system/bin/playlpm chown root.shell /system/bin/playlpm  your device will now boot when plugged
i have found solution for my galaxy s4 . iet_demo is right . you should edit some file that creates battery animation when charger is connected . but in my case , file 's name was different . i searched through system/bin folder to find the file and i found it . its name is " lpm " . just edit that file . more info @ http://arduandro.wordpress.com/2014/07/03/autobootstart-android-when-charger-is-connected/
this app solves your problem : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=auto.boothl=en it is called auto boot - boot on charge this video explains its usage : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qydk_qpptvo enjoy !
check out this video . here you will find a feature that starts the os at a pre-defined time . we can replace that command with start-on-charger-connect . https://www.olimex.com/forum/index.php?topic=1091.0 check this link . it says you will have to edit the fex file . replace power_start = 1 and then build the new image . your device will start automatically .
i have a galaxy tab 4 i changed the lpm file . now the tab boots on charge , but in recovery mode ! ! any ideas ? automatically power on galaxy tab when the charger is connected
for some samsung devices , this can be accomplished through nomoarpowah ! : nomoarpowah ! can automatically reboot into android when charging is done . either when fully charged , or when the battery level reaches 15% and android has enough juice to run . you need root and you probably do not want to do it unless you really know what you are doing , since i would expect this to modify important system files .
according to the official bug report here , starting at about post 26 , it seems the sentiment is that this is a hardware issue . i have contacted verizon and they are shipping me a replacement . i will update the question again if this does not permanently resolve the issue . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=23789q=label%3apriority-mediumcolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
as was said - this cannot be done . i am just putting this in an answer form . . . the reason being is that screenshots work by converting what is on the screen to an image - what is on the screen is pulled directly from the hardware . obviously , the screen does not know what is going to be displayed , a bit like we do not know exactly what is going to happen tomorrow ( unless you are psychic , but we will ignore that for this analogy ) . as such , there is no way to do this . what you could do however , is to take many screenshots , scrolling down a bit , and then use a graphics package to stick the two screenshots together - may not look nice , but it will have to do i am afraid .
as said , a simple screenshot cannot do this for the mentioned reasons . what you could , however , do , is a screencast -- which is easiest described as a video recording of your activities . airdroid is one of the apps offering this for free ( experimental , and root required ) . searching the playstore for " screencast " will show you additional candidates . however , root will be required to operate them . aside from that , and not requiring root , is to make a series of screenshots , as suggested by t0mm13b already , and then using an image editor to connect them .
samsung galaxy grand ( gt-i9082 ) duos 4.2.2 jelly bean does not support otg . i checked .
the galaxy grand kernel does not support otg from what i can see . there may be a custom kernel to support it if you are willing to root etc , the only one i found was for 4.1.2 and abandoned due to huge number of bugs . rooting will void your manufacturer/carrier warranty and is not for the wary or anyone who can not risk losing all data from their device . try xda developers for your device and see what custom kernels are available . as it stands you do not have that option ( unless something in the firmware has changed in the last few months ) . this xda thread seems to confirm there is not a kernel you can use for this i am afraid . this xda thread has an experimental kerlel , which may help , but as previously stated there are warranty , and functionality issues with any custom kernel . if you decide to root your device , this link has a how-to guide which you use at your own risk ! read , and read some more before you decide . back up everything and follow the steps to the letter . ensure that you have the exact same device as in the thread also . disclaimer : rooting your phone will probably void your warranty from both the carrier and the manufacturer . if you do not wish to accept fault for any adverse effects of rooting , then do not risk it . here be dragons .
is your device rooted ? if not try rooting and installing usb otg helper or stickmount . these apps work only on rooted devices and help to mount usb devices . however , usb otg helper app has a site which has a database of supported device . even there confusion prevails . a user has commented as : the best way to know is to try is to root and try these apps yourself . by rooting you can change kernels that could help these apps to mount usb drives . there is a xda webpage , which seems to show some light at the end of the tunnel . however , patching kernels are not for faint hearted and i would not advice to take that path , if you are hesitating even to root .
you could check with usb host diagnostics - though , you had need to get a usb otg adaptor and actually plug something in to check . i would also add , while many devices may support usb otg , they may not support plugging in mass storage devices - i have a tablet that i can use a keyboard with , but not usb drives . i do seem to find a lot of references to it not working , like rossc 's link , but nothing that says it does .
there is only one possible way to restore your device after unmounting system and/or bricking it . and that is to flash ( via odin ) the original stock firmware in a file named : pda_hc31_eg01ba_ap352081user_cp1033580_lte20110704_0708 . tar nothing else will work . only this one file will be able to unbrick this device . the procedure is quite easy . on the device hold volume up + power select odin mode ( right icon ) connect usb to device and computer on the computer download and run odin 1.85 ( this is important because diff versions of odin support diff files ) check off pda and select the above tar file click start ( 3 boxes should be checked , 2 default and pda ) the odin software will then transfer the stock firmware to the device and shut off when the transfer is finished . user must boot up the device again . when the device boots up , it will automatically install the firmware . the device is now officially unbricked .
as sid encouraged , i will convert my comment to an answer -- while merging in details from the other comments : there are mainly two ways the sdcard is addressed from within apps : hardcoded path ( e . g . /sdcard/funnyapp ) using androids api , i.e. getExternalStorageDirectory() while 1 . might fail if the sdcard is mounted to a different place , 2 . would lead the app to store things in the " first " sdcard ( on devices with internal sdcard , that means internal sdcard , on others external ) . but both cases share the fact : if the app does not offer a configuration option , there is nothing you can do to change that . android does not offer a corresponding setting , and symlinks do not work on sdcards ( due to file system limitations ) . same applies to the storage used for the app itself , as sid wrote pointing to android support documents ( see also the developers documentation on app install location for this ) . while in most cases one can move an app using the app2sd feature built into android , the developer can overrule this so his app cannot be moved . as for john 's comment , this would not really work . still a little explanation on what he most likely meant : using " root powers " , you could change ownership of all files and directories . so his idea probably was to make all things on your sdcard owned by root , and only readable to others . this would not work for multiple reasons : this would make things even more complicated to you ( as you could not write either without becoming root before , every single time ) . you could not do that on directory level ( e . g . doing it for every single directory except for one with a " fantasy name " like e.g. " myowndocs " , where you could store your stuff without the trouble from the previous argument ) , as the file system on the card ( fat ) does not support that . it could somehow if you use a script to remount the card read-write each time when you want to write to it , and make it read-only again once you are done . but again , this complication most likely is not worth it . in addition , some apps might crash with a read-only sdcard , as they ( for good reasons ) do not expect an sdcard present but not writable . tl ; dr so in short : if the apps cannot be configured such themselves , there is no way to accomplish this ( except for re-writing those apps ) .
you say your phone is rooted , it is then possible to change the default installation location that the packagagemanager uses to install apps . this will only work with apps that allow it , as others have already pointed out , apps may choose to ignore the packagemanagers recommendation and install to internal/external anyway even if you choose the opposite . also , big game files in the obb directory are stored where the obb directory actually is located ; this is dependent on which phone you use . to change the default installation directory : 1 ) use terminal emulator from google play ( or , alternatively , enable usb debugging and use adb ) 2 ) in terminal emulator , enter : su  accept the superuser request , then try either : pm setInstallLocation X  or : pm set-install-location X  where x can either be 0 = let packagamanager decide 1 = install on internal by default 2 = install on external by default
your specific question is : is there any way to write a program to do that ? yes , it would be hard for the android programmer novice , but it can be done . it would be a lot easier to do with root permission as well . for a long time companies liked to stick with blackberry because they were easier to ' child lock ' . more and more , i am actually seeing people with iphones now having this ' company child lock software ' . i am sure companies out there are making software for android devices that inhibit the use of certain apps and prevent downloading them all together . you could probably pay to get this software onto a device but it would probably be very expensive .
htc does not have a data one for that ? they used to . i believe curvefish has one on the market . i think it is apn onoff . or search for other apn widgets .
why do not you try running it on a different os ? dual-boot linux ( probably ubuntu ) you had be able to find much more info in the community forums and/or their official documentation . i doubt that this has to do with your device , more likely some missing dependencies on your host system . ( sry , i was not " allowed " to add this as a comment :- ( ) additionally , in your last line of the question you mention that in the 4.1 image everything works fine , whereas in the intel 2.3 x86 image it does not . according to the documentation , graphics acceleration is supported in sdk platform api 15 revision 3 ( 4.0.3 ) and higher . assuming that your remark about intel 2.3 x86 and 4.1 refer to android version 2.3 and 4.1 , respectively , this would be in line with the android documentation . furthermore , take a look at the android project issue tracker for similar bugs and updates . there is also a pertinent question on stackoverflow with some useful suggestions and user activity .
i have noticed the same thing . it appears the latest facebook updates have actually removed the feature as there is no setting in the app for the lockscreen .
if you are on a budget , i believe many of the older samsung phones ( pre-galaxy s ) are vanilla since samsung introduced touchwiz with its galaxy s line of phones . you can get some of these older phones ( not really that old , like a year ) for very cheap on ebay if you are just looking for a device to develop on and do not want to pay for phone service with a data plan . you can look at the list of phones that have touchwiz at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/touchwiz and cross-reference it with a list of samsung android phones ( you could use this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_android_devices#smartphones ) .
yes , you should buy a nexus one or a nexus s . if you buy another phone like e.g. htc wildfire , you can not easily get the " vanilla " android .
you can get whatever phone you want , but since you are a developer you might not have any problems with flashing custom roms , and there are awesome custom roms for all the devices out there that will not come with any customization , just pure vanilla . if you want a good place to publish/promote your development work and also find the custom roms for the device that you need is xda developers
is the video player you are referring to is rockplayer ? there is an app know cpu for rockplayer that lets you check that .
i do not know of a way to differentiate between various versions of armv6 processors , but i can recommend a good media player . try moboplayer on your huawei u8150 and see if it plays your media . they also have various codec packages for better compatibility , but again i have no idea to tell which specific type is in a given handset .
enable usb debugging and download the sdk tools . then it is super easy : note that on my device , it is ARMv7 , and has ( among other features ) vfp support .
generally its better to get one that matches the brand . however it is the same technology so it may work . ask about the return policy to make sure you can return it in case it does not work . you should be fine , though i cant say with 100% certainty .
be careful - i have tried this this week and was unsuccessful . i bought a samsung galaxy s3/4/note etc mhl cable thinking they were all the same and the micro usb is longer than normal . it would not fit in my nexus 7 or my htc one x .
samsung has two types of mhl cable : an 11-pin one for their more recent phones , and a 5-pin one for their older phones . the 5-pin one is standard and will work on non-samsung phones . the 11-pin one only works on newer samsung phones . third-party manufacturers tend to also sell both kinds , so look at which phones the cable says it is for . if it says it is for samsung galaxy s4 , or if it is y-shaped with a second usb output , then it is an 11-pin one and will not work with your phone . see my other answer on how does mhl work ? to learn more about the difference .
the issue was caused by lack of a system application , the application donwloadprovider.apk . the problem was identified by comparing the /system/app directory in two similar devices , and noticing that the application was missing . the solution : copy the application from the working devic e ( a ) to a computer . push via adb the application to the malfunctioning device ( b ) /system/app directory . reboot device b .
this is expected behaviour . the screen turns off during a call to prevent you from accidentally pressing on the screen . i do not know if it possible to turn this off without rooting . it seems on some samsung firmwares there is an option within the phone app but if you have checked there then i do not think it is possible .
you should try skype , the best way to achieve video calls over the phone , free and easy to use
skype and hangouts should work . there are probably other apps too , but you can google them yourself
the app stores you mention are different from each other . so , they maintain separate / different statistics .
no , using a file manager will not invalidate your warranty . rooting often will though . on my phone , i personally use astro file manager . if you want a solution to manage all your files from the desktop , our company produces a solution called snappea . it is an easy way to manage contacts , apps , music , and videos from your windows desktop .
you can also use this file manager . this is a good app to browse your files . some features as given in playstore are as follows:- 3 sets of commercial icons for 80+ different file types , toolbar and menu items multiple resolution support support 19 languages cut , copy , paste and cancellable progress dialog list and grid view for file browsing compress and decompress support search and share files multiple selection and sorting support support both local and remote ( lan/smb ) file systems play streaming media from lan without download thumbnail for photo , pictures and apk files support file shortcut on home screen for easily access root explorer for rooted devices built-in text editor , image gallery and swf player
no , you will not invalidate your warranty . * keep in mind that root explorer requires root , though , and rooting will invalidate your warranty . i personally love root explorer , so i recommend the non-root version : explorer . * i have not read your warranty , but i have never heard of a condition that bizarre . this is not legal advice ; i am not a lawyer .
the best explorer in my point of view is mobilego . it has a message sending feature and card no need to download any explorer . http://www.wondershare.com/android-manager/
i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can restore them all after you have installed your new rom , and you would not even notice that it was gone .
find the data files for you applications and then upload to something like google drive or dropbox . once you have upgraded , download the files .
this post on android police basically says they will be offering accounts soon to the star wars game to backup data .
here is the solution : get sure that u have enough free space in your internal memory . update your samsung kies . if you had connection problem with usb , download samsung mobile usb device : http://samsung-mobile-usb-device-1-0.soft32.com/ right click on samsung kies use compatibility mode ( windows pack 3 ) > before you start updating : go to your mobile and turn off music , wifi , bluetoot , gps . . as well . start updating .
i had the same problem , did everything i could think of . finally last night , i decided to try something different . i ran kies in " compatibility mode for xp sp3" it took forever , left the phone plugged in while i went to bed , woke up this morning with 4.1 finally on it . i run a windows 7 premium home 64bit . not sure if this will help with everyone 's problems with kies but hopefully it will help a few people . it is worth a try . my phone is a galaxy s iii from at and t . to change to " compatibility mode " do the following : go to C:\ drive , right click and click on `explore ' . go to \Program Files x86 , look for Samsung then right click on that folder . click on Properties then click the Compatibility tab and choose XP SP3 if you are given the option , select Run as administrator . i really hope this helps everyone else as it has me .
just run the kies with administrator permission . for windows 7 right click on the " samsung kies " or the " samsung kies ( lite ) " version and select " run as administrator "
same problem for me ( sgs2 i777 ) on windows 7 64bits : i could fix it by going to control panel => programs => programs and features . there is an option called run programs made for previous versions of windows : click on it , follow the steps , troubleshooting will start and a list of programs will appear , once the list is populated select samsung kies lite and select troubleshoot program , select start from there .
this is only due to the less memory on phone . try to uninstall some applications and media file from phone memory . automatically it will work .
i had a similar problem with the previous version of kies . every time i started kies ( with or without the phone connected ) kies would show a message that some components needed to be updated , even though i had the latest version of kies . after selecting ok , kies would start the update process and after a while just close itself without any warning . i experimented a bit and i think the problem has something to do with rights on your computer . i noticed that kies does install the components update properly when run from the administrator account , but strangely not when run from another account even when you tell it to " run as administrator " . i thought the problem would be fixed after i ran it in the administrator account , but when i started kies again under my normal ( not administrator ) account , the update message appeared again , and again kies shut itself down during the update . after that i gave up and just selected " cancel " every time the update message appeared . i upgraded kies itself this morning to version 2.5.0.12104_15 and now the problem seems to be fixed . the update components message does not appear when i start kies , but i haven’t tried updating the phone’s firmware yet .
had the same problem with a samsung galaxy s . i persisted and left it plugged in while i went on to do something else . when i came back later on the phone screen was all blue and the pc went to sleep : the phone was bricked the app then says it needs to restore from an error but it freezed the same way it did on the initial update attempts . i managed to get kies working " properly " on a computer with more memory . but it did not unbrick my phone . so if it goes silent do not insist . you can try on an other computer but my advice is not to use kies . you can flash the stock roms used in kies with another application . ( if you need i will give more info when i get home ) .
on ubuntu , your device needs to be manually identified to the udev system : as root : create or edit /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="0502\u2033, MODE="0666"  then : # chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules # restart udev udev start/running, process 3793  this works for my sidekick on my ubuntu 10.04 system .
im not able to mount but adb push/pull works . . . see this thread http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html
yes , of course it could be because you have a custom rom on your phone . most likely the rom has a buggy or poorly integrated touchscreen driver . drivers in custom roms often do not perform correctly , especially in unofficial or pre-release builds , and especially with non-essential functionality like light sensors .
you could use the autostarts app to edit the end-phone-call event and remove your music app from the list of apps that get alerted on that event . i believe it requires root .
what you need is the headset blocker widget - install it and then put it up on your home screen as a widget and then toggle it on . now , whenever you unplug your headphones , the music player will stop playing . try it and see if it works . btw , meridian player has an in-built option to disallow resuming playback after a phone call .
i got an update from htc tech support on this one . tl ; dr search for a software update and you should hopefully find 1.29 . once this is installed you will be able to connect again fine . quoted below dear david , thank you for your patience . i would recommend backing up your data and performing a factory reset , to do this please follow these steps : if your phone is tied to a google account , your contacts , calendar events , downloaded apps , wireless settings can be backed up , if you have entered your google account details in the initial set-up screens . please go to , menu , settings , accounts and sync , tap on your google account , then tap ' sync now ' you will see some spinning circular arrows for a short while , this just means your data is being saved to google . when the arrows have finished spinning , the data has been backed-up ( double check this ) . or back up your contacts to the s . d card ( for android 2.1 or later ) by following these steps ; from the home screen tap all applications . scroll to and tap people . tap menu . tap import/export . tap export to sd card . select which contact group to export ( phone , google , sim etc . ) . tap ok . available from the android market is a free application to enable you to back up your sms messages if desired . now your phone is backed up we can perform the hard reset , all data will be lost that is not backed up on your s . d/sim cards or online will be lost . hard reset on android from the home screen , press the menu key> tap settings> tap sd and phone storage> tap factory data reset> tap reset phone . the reason i have asked you to do this is because though it may seem a bit extreme this is the best method for dealing with your problem . once this has been done please manually search for an update . i did not actually do the reset , i simply searched for software updates and found the new update , installed it and all was well . i would recommend this first before you wipe your phone !
this solution seems to help--not too sure yet . my phone might think i am intentionally skipping songs by way of headphone buttons i do not even have . the solution seems pretty simple and effective : install the headset blocker widget ( free in the market ) . note : you might need to restart pandora after enabling the block for it to kick in ( not sure ) . i will know in the next few hours if this helps or not . . . ok , three skips in the last 10 minutes . . . this is not helping at all ! i will leave it here as an failed option for future browsers .
i had this problem too . it was not related to any driver on the pc as it worked and stopped working at some point . the problem was on the android phone which for some reasons had some configuration problems . to solve that , dial *#7284# on your phone so that it launches the phoneutil application . then , switch to the usb -> pda mode on the phone . connect the usb cable ( toggle usb -> modem and then usb -> pda modes if it does not work the first time ) the details are explained in : how to repair the usb connection problem on android samsung phones
i have solved the problem in a direct way . i have restored the phone to the factory state , and it worked . and i am convinced it is because of z4root ! i have tried the second time and the result was the same . be careful when you root the galaxy 3 samsung i5800 with z4root .
make sure your device is not connected to your pc . uninstall any drivers you currently have installed for it . reboot . install the appropriate drivers from this xda post ( supports more than galaxy s ) . install kies from samsung.com's galaxy 3 page . connect your device to your pc . this should work , but please note that when you root your phone you do so at your own risk . samsung does not support rooting .
your carrier determine a social network by his hostname or ip as said in comment , not with a specific application . but there is sometimes where this feature does not work with apps ( some apps use proxy , do not know if this is the case for facebook or twitter . . . ) . an other case is this only work on the carrier 's website ( if they provide social network functions directly on their site ) , but it would be said on your carrier 's offer . anyway this is only determined by the ip or hostname . you can not do that by designate an app with a certain programming function . . .
try pressing your phone 's menu button . that should bring up everything else you can do/look at/etc . that is not on-screen .
the default download location is /sdcard/download , i do not know if it is different for wallpaper . the current image used as wallpaper is stored in /data/data/com.android.settings/files/wallpaper .
ics has ipv6 support , but only on mobile data networks ; it is somewhere between buggy and nonfunctional on wi-fi . issue 3389 lists a wide variety of android ipv6 bugs . your issue is probably among them . i have been using ipv6 successfully on my verizon droid razr maxx since i got it almost a year ago , on ics . works great on 4g lte . no idea what jelly bean does on wi-fi since i have not gotten around to redoing my home network to bring ipv6 into every subnet yet . . . when i do , i will be sure to update this .
android jelly bean has extended emoji support . there are various possibilities to type emoji by yourself : install an emoji keyboard and enable the language switch button on your default keyboard , to fast switch to the emoji keyboard . for example : new emoji keyboard use a messaging app which has in-app emoji support ( obsolete since android 4 . x+ supports it by default ) , like whatsapp or handcent sms or other 3rd party sms replacements you can enable basic emoji on android 4.1 jelly bean : simply go into settings > language and input > android keyboard ( settings ) > add-on dictionaries > emoji for english words . you may have to go back into add-on dictionaries , click refresh and install again . now , whenever you type out one of the emoji keywords in the regular android keyboard , you should see an auto-complete suggestion for an emoji icon . ( this is for aosp android , it may not work on custom roms or samsung/htc/lg/sony etc ) if your rom does not support the above possibilities , then maybe obtain root and install emoji font updater ( root ) to get natively supported emojis , but yeah you already have native emoji support as i understand from your question so this is mainly obsolete and i just write it if other readers wanna try : ) emoji keywords : up , down , left , right , star , smile , voltage , warning , victory , wheelchair , five-eighths , seven-eighths , liter , soccer , woman , man , telephone , phone , flat , sharp , note , multiplication , plus , minus , divide , snowflake , flower , question , exclamation , circle , paper , rock , scissors , arrow , baseball , soccer , golf , fahrenheit , celsius , degree , aries , taurus , gemini , cancer , leo , virgo , libra , scorpius , sagittarius , capricorn , aquarius , pisces , phone , telephone , airplane , sailboat , aleph , king , queen , bishop , knight , rook , pawn , church , temple , differential , plus , minus , multiplication , divide , trademark , male , female , five-eighths , seven-eighths , one-thirds , two-thirds , happy , heart , star , hourglass , infinity , integral , reference , sharp , flat , wheelchair , warning , voltage , victory
i believe handcent sms has the ability to allow a user to choose between the emoji style of ios5 / ios6 and android . there is an additional emoji plugin that one would need to install in order to get this functionality .
unless the google play version is designed to work with sprint 's network , i do not think there is a process to do so . however , there is good news . first , nexus devices ( even from the carrier ) tend to be mostly to entirely bloat free . for example , the verizon nexus 7 2013 is completely stock . verizon loves to put bloat on their devices too . . . second , even if there is bloat on it , it should be very simple to root and remove the bloat . in the process , you will have to wipe your data , so if you want to use that option , you will want to do it right when you get the phone . . .
from my reading of the lg g watch user manual pdf there are 2 sets of data that can be brought up from a ' swipe up ' action . 1 ) google now . this can be customised through the ' wand ' icon in google now , and swiping away cards will often give the prompt " do you wish to continue to receive updates about &lt ; whatever > ? i doubt this is what you are referring to . 2 ) the actual settings/options . there is no mention here or anywhere else as to customising these options . i can not imagine you had be allowed ( or want to ) remove something like " pairing " or " display " options for obvious reasons , they seem to apply the same rationale to all options , as is standard on all android devices . if , on the off chance , you are referring to the app drawer , then you would have to uninstall the app from your phone first as the android wear app synchs all compatible apps . finally the only other thing i can think of is notifications you do not want . in this case : on your phone open the android wear app . touch the settings icon touch mute notifications click the + icon choose what app ( s ) you want to mute .
i advise you to start the messaging app to see if a settings menu is attached to the application , rather than as a general setting . look for a setting similar to the name " delivery report " or " delivery confirmation " , and turn it off .
message app--> setting --> turn off delivery report
i am not sure i entirely understood the scenario you are describing , but a similar function to right-click-> bookmark on android would be to do a long press on the link , then choose bookmark link . this should bookmark the link as it exists on the page , regardless of where it eventually sends you .
i do not see a " bookmark link " option on 3.1 honeycomb 's browser . an alternative would be to : copy the url link by long pressing the link you need to bookmark and choose " copy link url " create a new bookmark by clicking on the star on the location bar on any page replace the label and location in the new bookmark options with the url you just copied and the title of the page you need to bookmark
go to settings - apps , find skype in list of installed apps and click on clear data button and clear cache . also i need some explanations about the cases where history was resurrecting . for example , this can be because parallel client was holding history . . . skype archives your chats for you and stores them locally on your computer ( or device ) , if you have enabled this option . chat histories are not stored anywhere on the skype network . source
it seems like it fixed by itself . . . now can see the full size picture in my post on google + without doing anything more . my guess is : it uploaded a sample sized version of the picture in order to share my post instantaneously while the full picture was still uploading . . . anymore informations on this from anyone would be nice . thanks : )
according to this article tectiles 2 tags are based on the nfc forum type 4 tag standard ( though the article does not mention an exact chip ) . also samsung explicitly released tectiles 2 for use with devices that have non-nxp nfc chipsets ( like galaxy s4 ) . this means that these tags are compatible to all current android nfc devices including the nexus 5 .
since google now is not actually available in my country , i did some looking around , and found this " hack " in a blog : http://thenepalidroidguy.blogspot.com/2014/02/how-to-enable-google-now_6.html in case that the link dies , these are the steps described there : make sure you have an active internet connection and follow all the steps below carefully . step 1: turn on airplane mode in your device . now turn on wifi and connect it to your wifi network . step 2: go to settings> location and switch to " device only " mode step 3: install this app from playstore ( fake gps - fake location ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fakegps.mock step 4: open the app and set the location to " miami " ( i chose miami but you can select any other places in the usa which would get guaranteed google now support ) . it might ask you to enable mock location first , do that from the developer options in the settings . now go back to the fake gps app and set the location to miami by searching miami and hitting play icon on the bottom . step 5: go to settings and tap in " google " under accounts . then select " search " . go to accounts and privacy> google account and sign out . step 6: go to settings> apps> all and look for google play services . tap on it and disable it . it may ask you to uninstall updates and restore to factory version , do it . you might have to deactivate google play services form the device administrator first . step 7: go to settings and tap in " google " under accounts . then select " search " . go to accounts and privacy> google account and sign in to your google account . step 8: google now setup screen should come up . select i am in . ( it is obvious ) . step 9: now it may prompt you to re-enable google play services , do it and an update might be available for google play services , update it from playstore . then turn off airplane mode . uninstall fake gps app and choose the location service mode of your choice under settings> location . step 10: you did it . enjoy google now !
well , i will be damned . it seems that google now refuses to run on a rooted device , but it just does not say so . the vendor had installed an app to enable rooting of the device . i would played around with it , but root access was disabled after the first upgrade of miui . i did not really miss root access , to be honest , so it let it be . ziggo ( my cable tv provider ) 's tv-watching app did refuse to let me watch tv , though , because it claimed that i was not using " an original operating system " . recently , i tried uninstalling the ( chinese ) root manager app -- i can not read chinese anyway . uninstalling turned out to be impossible , but after clicking around a bit , and disabling most things i saw , suddenly google now became available ! and ziggo suddenly allowed me to watch tv on my device ! so apparently , google now refuses to run on a rooted device ! ziggo 's tv-watching app was more honest : at least it told me it refused to operate on a rooted device . .
you can side-load any android app provided you have the apk . however , by default these phones do not come pre-installed with google 's core applications like the play store . but you can " hack " the devices and install google apps . needless to say it will void warranty and root access is required . there is this guide in xda forums that should help people install google services on their nokia x device .
basically the error while retrieving information from server is due to the problem with the play store ( settings might be invalid or some another issue with the play store ) on your device . you can easily solve the problem with the following steps 1 ) go to " settings"> applications 2 ) tap manage applications> select " all " 3 ) scroll to google play store and tap it . 4 ) tap force stop> ok > clear data > and tap " ok " . 5 ) tap the back button to get back to the applications list> tap google service framework from the list 6 ) tap force stop> ok> tap clear data> tap " ok " . 7 ) now power off wait for few while and reboot the device , try installing it now it should solve the problem . note :-please follow the correct sequence of force stop and then clear data in order to solve your problem
it has one major feature , at least on my phone , i can not watch playlists on the site , but i can from the app . i find that it loads faster and it is interface is much easier to use .
you should not lose any viewing features . the youtube application is simply a way to make it easier to view and search , without having to load the entire html pages . probably the only feature you would not be able to take advantage of ( and i do not know this for sure ) is uploading . you can use the youtube app to upload videos you have taken to your own youtube account . and like i said , you might be able to do this through the browser , but the app is just a way to make it easier . simplification is key .
so i just looked at the firmware for my samsung vibrant , you do not actually need to mount the image -- i was thinking of the recovery image or a nandroid backup . the firmware ( rom ) should be in a zip file , which you can open up and go to /system/app/ and grab the camera . apk . i would put it on your phone 's sd card , then use root explorer or similar to copy it into /system/app/ on your device and overwrite the current one ( which you may want to back up first ) . you can check out my answer to another question for info on mounting , but you should not have to do that : )
yes overworking the cpu is what creates the intense heat , this intense heat is detected by the os and shutdowns the phone to protect your hardware . ( a pc works just the same ) .
if you know what you are doing , rooting and flashing a custom rom can help . rooting it will allow you to delete some " system " apps that you do not need , and give you access to more control over your cpu , and some roms have ways to help save battery . my sister was forced to get a droid 2 global after two faulty replacements of her original droid 1 which she loved , and she hated the global . had problems with battery and the way it was set up and everything . so i rooted it for her and flashed a new rom , and she got an extended battery ( very useful suggestion ) , and now she loves it . but as rooting voids your warranty , i would not try it if you do not need to or do not know exactly what you are doing .
it worked by just doing sh /mnt/sdcard/touch.sh &amp; after having started a shell with adb shell . then , when i closed the terminal forcibly while the process was in the background , the process remained running in the background of my phone as expected . i was able to kill the process later by getting with adb shell the using ps to find the process id and kill -s KILL &lt;ID&gt; to kill it . basically , turns out i did not have to make an android app just to make my script run in the background . clash on . . .
the android os is supposed to do this automatically for you unless the device is powered down or rebooted incorrectly ( eg . removing the battery ) . ive never heard of files being doubled on an sd card after rebooting before . i would suggest trying a different rom since your phone is rooted .
if files are being doubled , why are you asking about safe unmounting ? problems caused by no safe unmounting are file system corruption , data loss etc . files are not doubled by it . i have not heard of such type of problem before . its possible that an app or a shell script is doubling files at the time of boot . to pin-point the problem , turn off the device , remove the sdcard and check with pc that files are doubled or not . if files are doubled , it means something is doing this at time of shut down . do this : turn off device by pulling out battery and then boot . tell me the result .
on the g2 goto settings : about phone : software information : click build number 5 times . go back and choose development settings enable usb debugging
the user44860 answer is almost correct . goto settings , about phone , software information : click build number 7 times . you should see a message saying that now you are a developer . so , you can go back and enabe usb debugging in the development settings . maybe you have to detach the usb cable , enable the debug and re-plug the usb cable .
try another usb2 cable . i had the same issues with the s2 after a while it gives me unknown device , even if before was known . try another cable and see if is being recognized . as well it has to be on mtp ( media device ) and not ptp ( camera ) . also you could try another thing : while your phone is connected disable debugging mode and enable it back . also could try restarting your adb .
i found the solution : assuming you have debugging mode enabled , you have to change the usb settings to internet connection : modem or ethernet . keeping it on charge phone , media sync , or camera does not enable debugging .
mx video player supports quite a number of video extensions namely . 3gp . avi . divx . f4v . flv . mkv . mp4 . mpeg . mov . vob . wmv . webm . xvid and many more but it will require you to install this codecs for gt-i5503 ( you will be auto prompted after you install the player but in case not , use the link ) . you will not need to convert videos anymore .
i highly recommend handbrake video converter . it can convert all common video formats to mp4 , mkv that the samsung video player supports . choose the ipod profile which is supported by most phones or you could also create your own profile . i always use handbrake to convert videos for my galaxy ace . the samsung gt-i5503 shares many similarities with the galaxy ace and as samsung is using the same layer of software on top of android ( touchwiz with all the apps such as music , video etc . . ) the same settings should work for your phone .
try editing /system/build . prop and change default item to the files you just added . this should fix the no sound issue .
had the same problem with text to speech on my galaxy tab gt-p7500 . i resolved the problem by disabling accesability under settings on my device . the accesabilty fuction hinders/allows application to interact with you device . so when i would like to read text and would like to listen to it read out aloud then enables accesability . hope this have helped .
check your settings for Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; Install web scripts and make sure that it is turned off . for jellybean settings > accessibility > vision > " enhance web accessibility " -set to " do not allow " this fixed my issue , guess i should stop playing with 500 settings at one time . also try settings> accessibility> hearing> turn off all sounds checkbox
turn off car mode / driving mode , maybe . perhaps in ics - it is under android 's settings > voice input and output
you can not do this because : there is only one google services framework running for all accounts . google accounts credentials are stored centrally from where google apps authenticate . but , there is a way to solve your issue : turn on imap from gmail settings . and , use imap in default email app or k-9 mail app . done ! play store can not see it . .
there is a way to solve your issue . turn on imap from gmail 's settings and then add it as an imap account in android 's default email app or k-9 mail ( etc . ) . then the play store can not see it .
read this : androidforums . the directory structure has been restructured in jelly bean . the internal memory resides at /data/media/0 , hence the sdcard0 name . sd cards are now known as external sd cards and get the name sdcard1 since android 4.1 . if you want to move apps to your external sd card , i am afraid you will have to root . if you do decide to root however , foldermount and link2sd work really well .
that very much depends how and where you place the " secret " , and what other conditions/restrictions are in place . network storage ( such as cloud services or email ) e.g. require a network connection to be present , and the transfer might be noticed . a local copy might not have the copy-process noticed , but the copies could be found , in most times easily when using a file explorer . your " secret act " might also indicate infringment on a 3rd persons privacy ( if only your own photos are involved , then why the secrecy ? ) , which not only would be indecent , but also may incur a penalty ( no accusing , just a hint ) . but assuming completely legal application , there might be a few options available : photocopy backups photos to email . the app 's description states : " when the program runs , there is no indication at all " photo auto uploader automatically uploads pictures to picasa or facebook after pictures are captured auto uploader does the same for configured services foldersync can synchronize your photo 's folder ( and of course others ) periodically in the background -- to cloud services as well as to your home computer there are more apps for each of the mentioned categories . there may also be some to create local copies , but i am not aware of any at this time .
if i am not mistaken dropbox automatically synchronizes all your photos as soon as you take them . i dont think there is an app that saves the photo in two places . what you can also do is set up a cron job every 5 minutes or so to copy new photos in another directory . personally i think the dropbox solution is better to do . on the other hand you can always create your own application to do so : )
now there is also auto backup from google .
while you intend to replace the stock download manager , but keep access to google play store , since it is your trusted market , before that , you should try to find the reason as to why are you having troubles downloading apps : troubleshooting download issues is the device supported by google play store ? you can confirm this from the supported devices list last updated 2012/06/29 common quick checks : restart your phone , then try downloading the app again . confirm there is connectivity to either wireless or cellular networks on your device . if behind a firewall , ensure that tcp and udp 5228 ports aren’t blocked ( they are required for google play ) . clear cache and data of both the google play store app and the download manager : visit menu > settings > applications > manage applications ; tab over to " all" ; select the google play store app , and then tap " clear data " and " clear cache" ; select download manager and tap " clear data " and " clear cache " . aditional information for troubleshooting can be found at google play : troubleshoot an issue . alternatives other app discovery method appbrain , an app discovery service that as per your request still uses google play store as the source for the downloads provide . it features a great instant download tool ( appbrain app market ) , a nice search function , a very clear interface and you can sign-in with your google account . one side note : this app still downloads via the stock download manager . alternative markets alternative markets have their own download manager . they may be a solution , provided the issue does not lie with your current unofficial rom : amazon appstore for android while an alternative market , i have received a notice from the website stating : the amazon appstore is only available to customers located in the united states . getjar launched in 2004 , it grows every day , counts 600.000+ apps , and 450.000+ registered developers . as an independent app store , not tied to any particular handset or carrier , it comes as an alternative solution for you . androidpit androidpit is a web 2.0 network and android blog . was created to bring together android experts , enthusiasts and developers . apps are tested , at least one every day and reviews are published to help users on their decisions . slideme founded back in 2008 , slideme provides a ' managed app-store service ' and builds solutions as per market requirements .
download manager for android download this
not a dev , but here 's my best stab at an explanation as i understand it ( assuming i have understood your question ) . hopefully i am not too far off the mark . . . all the ' rooted ' roms i have used manage root access user the superuser application - i.e. when you start an app that wants to run with superuser privileges , the superuser application will prompt the user to grant the ' root ' application these permissions . the superuser application then maintains a white-list of apps that have been granted these permissions . this is the same for console emulators , etc , so you grant access to the console application - you do not need to enter a password within the emulator . i do not think you need to worry about the root password for this . with regards to hidden apis - i do not think they are " hidden " as such , as the android os is open sourced in the first place .
the problem with a rooted android is the same as anything running a *nix os with a root password unset/null . . . . any user can type " su " and gain root level ( superuser/full administrative permissions ) access to the entire system without providing a password . put bluntly , you have a totaly unprotected system . as far as i have been able to find , the closest thing that gets android at least close to proper root protection is busybox that has been compiled with /etc/passwd and /etc/shadow support . but once you get this installed and working correctly , you would need to identify every program that needs root level permission and you would have to change the ownership to root and set the suid bit on the file ( chown {file_name} root:root ; chmod 4755 {file_name} ) . . . . the way the android os is currently designed makes it a single user oriented os that is protected by 1 . not allowing anyone root access and 2 . make all the system critical files read only . for the people that are *nix savy , this sucks . . . for the people that basically have no clue , this protects the system and the other people that your system could negatively impact due to ignorance ( like getting infected with a spam bot installed with root level access on your device because you did not protect the root account with a proper password . . . ) .
root in linux ( or any unix-like system ) is just the user with user id 0 . the su program ( which actually stands for " switch user " , not " super user" ) is just a program to start another program with a different user id than the starting program ( by default to uid 0 , which is to user root ) . android does not use the traditional /etc/passwd , however it still uses linux user id and group id for managing permissions . if you want to intercept su requests so you can ask for password or enforce other rules , you will need to replace /sbin/su with your own version of su . alternative approach is the one described here : http://www.koushikdutta.com/2008/11/fixing-su-security-hole-on-modified.html though that will require applications to cooperate by firing an intent when they want to switch user . android security framework is more or less like this : each installed application runs on its own user id ( selected at installation time ) , and application permissions is implemented as user groups . can i change the root password after rooting my android device by simply typing " passwd " ? android does not use /etc/passwd so it also does not have passwd program . how is the rooting process working ? i mean what is the " one click root " apps doing to my phone ? i am not quire sure with the exact process myself , you probably want to ask to rooting developers . however , my guess is it just reverts the security check that originally prevent developer from setuid 0 . and im a developer , so how can i find hidden apis ( like ios ) for rooted app development ? since android is open source , there is no truly hidden api in android . however , there are some unpublicized or undocumented apis , you can browse for this in android 's source code . however , these apis are not about root developments , they are usually in-development apis that are not ready yet or is too localized for specific purpose that is not useful for public developer ( or perhaps google just have not realized their usefulness yet ) . you are not restricted from using these apis , but since these are not an officially supported apis , they may disappear or break backward compatibilities in the future . if you need to use these apis make sure your app breaks gracefully .
i have been having the same problem . it is my understanding that as of now that is the default text message vibration and can not be changed
having a similar issues on a nexus 7 2012 , from last few days . was working fine since i had bought it in october . i am still facing this issue as i write , after going through various forums , trying the following of workarounds : changing the channel to less crowded ones , although my galaxy s never had a problem with the same router since last 3.5 years turn off wifi , restart , enable wifi . one notable change i did was to remove the sim ( this is is wifi + 3g model ) , just wondering if that caused any issue . the only reason i removed the sim was because it was constantly prompting to restart the device ! ! !
looks like it is related to " wi-fi optimization " option under " advanced " setting in wi-fi screen . by turning it off i can consistently find the wifi ap i was looking for . once it is connected i can turn it on again without negative consequences . edit : nevermind , looks like it only help some of the time , there are still times when the device cannot find the ap every other device has no problem discovering and connecting to . . .
as was already pointed out in a number of answers as well as in the comments , one does not need to download/install separate usb drivers for your android device ; they are already compiled into the kernel . however , you do have to tell your linux system what device you want it to treat as such ( udev rules in /etc/udev/rules.d/ directory ) . take a look at the android developer site
if you can add an app to a restricted profile , but it will not work in a restricted profile , that is a bug in the app . only the developer of the app can fix it : you should report the problem to them through their official support channel so that they can fix it .
maybe if you reset your phone it forgets them and if you reboot it will do the same . try turning it on in airplane mode and see if it works then . perhaps you could ask other people with a nexus 5 if they are having the same problem , if they are it is definitely a specific error to the nexus 5 and you should complain and maybe the manufacturer can sort it out for you .
i have a note 3 with android 4.4.2 and i had the same issue . after disabling google backup , everything is fine now . i could not retrieve my old backed up wifi networks , though .
google 's support page provides this option : to reboot your google tv : to reboot your sony tv or bluray player or your logitech revue , press control + alt + backspace on your controller . if you had adb connected you could also try adb reboot , which works on other devices .
finding out where it is stored is easy . there is a terrific little app called diskusage that visualizes the space your folders take up . you can easily spot where the music cache is . as for moving to a new rom . based eldarerathis ' answer to your previous question , you should be able to make a backup of play music 's music . db either from a terminal or using an app like titanium backup . restoring this file on the new rom should make cached music show up .
you can try apps like tasker and locale for this . they are paid app though .
you can try my app homeprofile , too . it changes your sound profile when your device connects with a specific wifi or when it is disconnected from it .
the free app android llama can do this . best of all it is not required to use the energy-expensive gps-receiver but can do the same also with " wlan-ids-in-reach " and " cell-phone-masts-in-reach " as alternative .
alright , i managed to get it work . i hooked up a octopus usb extension to a micro usb cable on one end , and an usb keyboard on the other end . i booted the phone and then pressed enter , ##pin##code## , enter on the usb keyboard and the device unlocked . this took a few tries as i was going in blindly . then i unplugged the usb cord , then plugged in a micro usb cable that was connected to my computer ( ubuntu 14.04 ) . the phone showed up w/o any problems and i was able to grab files from the on-board storage . one thing i had to do was constantly keep pressing the back button on the device to prevent it from locking . at the end of it all , i successfully extracted 4gb worth of pictures .
though not ( yet ) a solution for the op in this case , i will already start summing up helpful facts from the comments : they might solve comparable issues for others . an update might follow if we find further things . a good starting-point for comparable issues is our data-recovery tag-wiki as well as its most frequented questions , where a solution often can be found already ( see e.g. how do i backup data ( sms/contacts ) from a device with a broken screen ? ) . a search for " broken screen " might also prove helpful . even if the devices differ , approaches should be comparable . a raw idea ( i never tried that myself , so no guarantees at all ) would be switching the device to fastboot mode . even if you might not be able to access your files from that , you could use it to temporarily side-load ( and boot ) some image shipping with adb enabled ( if there is such ) . it might also be possible to access the device with adb when booted into recovery . this very much depends on the recovery image installed ( see e.g. recovery-mode ) . no guarantees for this either – but it is surely worth trying . connecting the device to a tv or the like via mhl/hdmi would at least show the output ( hopefully ) . that way you could also test if it maybe even still accepts touch input . in case touch input is still accepted by the device , you might be able to activate usb-debugging this way , and then access the device via adb – or to install some remote-management software such as airdroid to have an interface for file retrieval and more . if all fails , your hope is a local service center to replace your screen without deleting ( or stealing ; ) your data . or a data-recovery-company ( too expensive , i guess ) .
if you can enter recovery mode manually on vol up + home + power , give it like 20 seconds of pushing all of those buttons . . at least maybe you can hear a sound of booting up . then plug it into your system . run adb and then run " adb pull / dir of you internal memory " command mine should be " adb pull / c:\dcim " &lt ; --default location of my photo
this looks like the typical hassle with qualcomm 's wifi chips and some routers . both nexus 4 and 7 use a wifi chip manufactured by qualcomm . depending on your router 's configuration those chips will stop responding after some time when the device is in standby . a temporary quick fix for this problem is to assign a static ip to your devices instead of using dhcp . this can be done in most routers using a mac-> ip mapping . if this does not help , you can stop reading now . there are three other methods of fixing ( of which one will require root ) : non-root : go to wifi settings -> advanced and set your frequency to 2,4 ghz only ( this will work at a 50% chance ) go to wifi settings -> advanced and disable " wifi optimisation " ( warning : this can lead to a huge battery drain in busy networks ) root : open a file explorer ( e . g . es explorer ) with root privilegs , move to /etc/wifi and open the file wcnss_qcom_cfg . ini . edit these three parameters so that they will all be enabled ( =1 ) : genableactivemodeoffload=1 hostarpoffload=1 hostnsoffload=1 save the file and reboot your device . a little bit of explanation : the feature that is messed up in qualcomm 's configuration file is arp - adress resolution protocol . arp is meant to map a hardware 's mac adress to it is ip adress so the router can directly call the connected hardware via mac adress . usually the router periodically sends arp requests to connected devices to ensure they are still in the network . when the device is awake and the cpu is active , it will deal with the arp request and everything goes well . once the cpu is asleep , it is the wifi chip 's job to deal with arp requests so that the cpu need not to be powered on every time an arp request arrives . if arp-offloading is disabled though , the chip will not respond to the request and the router will kick the device out of its ip&lt ; -> mac map , which eventually leads to a dead connection . when you assign a static ip , the whole arp stuff is not needed obviously . disabling wifi optimisation will make the cpu inspect every packet so it will deal with arp instead of the wifi chip . the problem here , that this will hinder the device from going into power save mode . i personally had the same wifi problems until i manually fixed my . ini the way i described above . it took me nearly half a year to figure the problem out . i hope that i can help you with that ! best regards ! disclaimer : i am not responsible if you harm your phone or data .
i found solution : rename the name of my mobile phone . refer to https://community.verizonwireless.com/thread/816633
once you sign-in to the google hangouts app in an android device , you will always appear online until you sign-out of the app . shutting down the phone , or even uninstalling the app will not do it . i am not sure why she appears offline in gmail .
there is a separate section to choose the text-to-speech output speaker : goto settings and choose the uk voice : setting => language and input => text-to-speech output => google text-to-speech => language you can install german , spanish , french , italian voice data additionaly to the preinstalled english us/uk voices .
the sync options are located within the facebook app itself in settings . for example , photo sync options are located under Account &gt; App Settings &gt; Sync Photos .
igcamera you can select the audio source that you wish with this app . more info : http://davidhadaller.com/note/2012/jun/02/android-alternate-camera-apps-and-using-bluetooth-audio-input-video
after getting no response from the vendor i returned the device to the store . the replacement did not exhibit this behavior and seems to be working correctly .
this is what i would do myself , and in that order : modify the way you authenticate to the wifi access point . removing temporarily any kind of encryption . if this fix your problem ---> your phone most likely does not handle some advanced kind of wpa2 or something like that . look for an issue in the configuration of the access point itself . look for mac address filtering for example . finally as a last resort , use command line tools like " adb debug on your phone to read what is happening to your wireless driver on the phone .
powered it off and on again , the camcorder app works again now . i feel silly for not having thought to try that earlier . . . .
hy try these links http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-nexus/help/galaxy-nexus-rebooting-t1591304 http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-nexus/development/gnex-toolkit-v11-1-0-drivers-backup-t1392310 regards stalin www.memorylines.tk www.facebook.com/memorylinesblog
a variety of issues can cause windows to report this device cannot start ( code 10 ) . the first thing to check is to go to windows update and install any relevant updates for your computer . you may also need to select any optional updates which are not yet installed . once the computer is up to date , try reinstalling the device driver provided by the phone manufacturer . you can find these for the motorola droid razr at motorola 's web site ( choose handset usb driver for windows 32-bit or 64-bit depending on which version of windows you have ) . you can also use the motorola device manager to install the drivers .
i have never used it , but here 's one : osmand open-source osm-based gps app with online/offline capabilities and audible navigation . online : maps , routing , search , edit osm poi/bugs . offline : search poi , address , transport , map cache .
sure it can be done . i never used this feature , so i am not sure whether there is an option for " a simple icon " , but you should take a look at the " bookmark widget": first , start your browser and create a bookmark for the page you want to link to . second , go to your homescreen , long-tap on a free space ( where you want the link to be ) , select " widgets " , and then watch out for the " bookmark widget " . tap it , select your bookmark , et voila ! there should be a shortcut on your homescreen . alternative to the second step : while still in your browser , go to " bookmarks " , long-tap the bookmark you created , and select " add to homescreen " ( source : androidcentral ) . more alternatives : is it possible to create a url link to a website on the home screen ? pinning web sites to android homescreen check the many bookmark widgets available at google play use the tasker app to create a shortcut ( not that easy when trying tasker for the first time , as it is quite complex – but here i am pretty sure it will be an icon . and as side-effect , you have got the mightiest automation tool available for android : ) to do the similar thing to open a file with an associated app , depending on the launcher used , explained using an example : go to your homescreen long press an empty space where the icon should be placed in the opening menu , select " shortcut " select your file manager ( this will not work with all file managers ; in my example , i used es file explorer , which perfectly serves this case ) now navigate to the file you want to create a shortcut for ( in my example , i selected an epub ebook ) the icon should appear on your homescreen . now , tapping that icon , either your ebook reader opens directly ( if only one is installed , or you have made it the default to " always use" ) , or , as in my case , a popup asks you to chose the app to be used ( e . g . aldiko , moon+ reader , fbreader ) .
it is due to noise cancellation was on during a call . i turn noise cancellation off now it works fine .
i have been reading that increasing the volume to the max then decreasing it again to minimum seems to work
a quick google search turns up this guide on xda . you need to have propers drivers installed . " download the zip and unzip it to your desktop . go into your phone 's settings and go to developers options . turn on usb debugging . go back to settings and go to security . turn on unknown sources . now plug your phone in and run the . bat file that you just unzipped . follow the commands on the and that should be it . " most rooting tools are released for windows first , and linux/mac only if there is considerable demand . i would suggest getting it done on a windows system if you have access to , rather than searching for a linux compatible tool . as for your comment on ' generic ' tools , you should know that most tools work by exploiting known security vulnerabilities , many of which are specific to a kernel and/or rom version , and this may carry over to multiple devices ( example would be oneclickroot ) . if such a tool is reported to work for your device , you can try it .
lg locked out the ability to root if you have their current firmware ( 10i as of my last knowledge and at time of writing ) . key points from that thread are : to successfully root , you must be using firmware 10f ( or presumably earlier ) . in that event , the rest of the ' easy root toolboxes ' ( i used one produced by bin4ry ; available here . i believe his toolbox comes with both win and *nix binaries , but the reason *nix is irrelevant i explain below ) in conclusion : use the information outlined in this post keeping in mind the following . ensure your firmware is 10f ( if not , you must pursue the kdz and the downgrade process ) use bin4ry 's toolkit
thought i would share with everyone how to root version 10i of the lg escape . how to root version v10i run lg spectrum ics root script ( windows version ) batch file . takes about a minute http://www.sendspace.com/file/jtcbmy
unfortunately this is a common problem for all xperia j users , including myself . i have installed many recommended apps for moving stuff from internal to external sd card but after doing this , pictures , music , videos etc i have moved cannot be played/viewed meaning you have to move them back in order for them to be viewed/ played again , however adter moving them back my files still did not work . i have not yet come across the answer to solving this problem but i can recommend not downloading apps that move stuff to sd card as they will not work , just clear your cache as much as possible to relieve it of some memory . hope this helps a little bit
look under settings > accessibility for talkback or something similar . also check under settings of individual apps - phone/dialer and messaging . finally check to ensure that driving mode has not been recently enabled . that might also be the cause . look under settings > voice input
i also had the same problem initially . nothing happens after setting up the owner 's info . then i unplugged my usb cable and voilà , it appears under the clock ! hope this helps . . . ( ^_^ )
make sure the check box is selected above the text entry field where you type in your message .
there is no submit button . just hit the back button and lock your phone to see the result .
300mb are the absolute maximum you can get without having an ext4 partition on the sd card as a replacement . having a look at http://alpharev.nl/ you see that there is only a 330mb partition left , however none of my preferred roms fit that . it is made for some special rom called oxygen which i did not like . with custom cm9/cm10 builds however i had to switch back to bravo stock again and i set up an external ext4 1gb partition on my sd card . those 1024mb are far better than having 30mb more ( 330mb instead of close to 300mb ) .
you have to go to Edit contact , then press the menu key , then select Join . this gives you the list of suggested contacts to join . works for me between google contacts and facebook on galaxy s + cyanogenmod 7.1 .
you can use the join feature to merge facebook contacts as well .
if you are only looking to have your contacts ' display images synced with their facebook avatars , i recommend you take a look at the freeware syncmypix - it is a little unwieldy but tends to do the job .
there is not a specific android os upgrade policy . if it is a nexus device and it can handle the latest version of android it will get the latest version of android from google . other than that it is up to manufacturers to update drivers and their specific customized version of android for their own devices and then it is up to the carriers to approve those updates and release them to users ' phones . apple has only one phone basically and they release updates on what seems to be a yearly basis and update is done via their own service , not restricted by carriers .
no , download mode does not provide you with access to the phone 's files , and yes , the error message you see looks very much like it is telling you you are trying to boot an unsigned rom from a locked bootloader .
you can have a look at this app
option 1 ( no data at all ) go to settings --> more settings --> mobile networks --> uncheck " mobile data " the device will no longer connect to the internet , but continue to receive calls and text . mms are not possible . option 2 ( data only for mms ) ( source ) go to settings --> more settings --> mobile networks --> access point names --> select your data apn --> apn type remove in the field apn type everything but " mms " . you have to leave " mobile data " enabled ( see option 1 )
you can choose a password that exists of numbers only . i have done that with jellybean , and was annoyed when starting up the phone , and not having the number pad . it worked with jelly bean , and i hope it works with kitkat as well . only thing i would prefer is to have a password for startup , complex with letters and numbers , and a pin for unlocking the phone . that is possible as well i have been told , but you need to root the thing for this to work .
well , that turned out to be so easy that i did not found any documentation about that . what you have to do is to long press the keyboard keys just as you do in a soft keyboard , it will show a popup with diacritics you can use for that letter ( in the image you can see what happens when you long press letter " u" ) . then click on the button corresponding to the character you want to use or the close button to exit . ( this image contains icons from farm fresh icons by fatcow web hosting ) note that not all letters have this behavior , in which case at long pressing they repeat as normally do elsewhere .
you are looking for fotakill . apk , it kills the firmware over the air ( fota ) . " prevents googleservicesframework from downloading ota updates " it is a fairly standard apk used and provided with some gapps packages ( google apps package , when you install a custom rom you do not get the google apps , need to install a gapps package ) . . it works for both stock and rooted roms the xda forums have more information about it and download links of the apk , it originated from the cm rom ( cyanogenmod ) but works on stock as well as custom roms . source code : https://github.com/zinx/fotakill download etc for example from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1832496
this article explains the differences nicely , and this one claims an incredible increase in speed . if you are a visual learner , youtube is always your best bet . but the general consensus is mainly centered around speed . other perks include tethering , installation of apps to the sd card , and updated flash .
there are some bugs reported in the xperia p jelly bean update 6.2.A.0.400 . even if it is suggested to perform a factory reset , the problem has not seemed to have fully solved . so your problem will not most probably be fixed until sony releases a new version with bug fixes ( and it might take some time ) note : since you are mainly concerned with your gaming apps , you might need to check the incompatibilities from the google play store .
if the sim card does not work out of the box in your tpt , it is very likely that your us tablet is not compatible with the mobile communication standards used in india . what happens if you put the sim in the tpt ? mobile data usb sticks can not be used with the tpt , afaik .
you may need to manually specify the network and/or apns in Settings-&gt;Wireless and network-&gt;Mobile networks-&gt;Access Point Names - vodafone 's tech support for vodafone should be able to provide these for you . i have to do this when i use my wind mobile sim card in canada on my phone .
it is to make it cheaper to manufacture in bulk . the part with the actual transformer in is the same for every country , and the other half ( with the plug itself ) is different for each country . making the complicated part global means they do not have to redesign the whole transformer for each country , and the manufacturer can benefit from increased economies of scale , reducing the price . most transformers for today 's gadgets follow the same design . in the drawer in front of me i have examples from apple , sennheiser , and asus , as well as samsung , all in two parts . usually , it is possible to take the two pieces apart again , it just needs a bit of a wiggle and some practice . this makes it easier to use another country 's plug if you are travelling , but apart from that there is no reason to . if you can add a photo of the particular kind of adaptor you have , i can probably add instructions for how to take it apart .
long tap the colornotes app , then it should be in the home screen . let me know if you already tried this .
unfortunately , there is no possible way to do as you described . i recommend the best thing to do is choose a strong pattern , or use a code instead . smudges show up while moving your finger across your screen and anyone can just hold it up to the light to see the pattern and easily get in .
there is no way i am aware of for doing what you want . but why you need the pin unlock , just remove it from settings and stick with the unlock screen , , in this way you will not have your sim locked
is not there a separate option for the " sim card lock " under the system-settings> > security and screen lock tab ? try unchecking that , or resetting your security settings so that when you set up your new settings , you can leave the sim card lock option unchecked . other than that , there are plenty of alternate launchers with their own versions of the screen-lock mechanism ; i would suggest browse through the app-store and see what is available . **i forgot to ask , what android version are you running ? i am referring to jellybean ( 4.1.2 )
" cell standby " = " background sync " . and if your wifi turns off on screen off , apps will use 3g instead . you might want to check your wifi policy , which is hidden in the " advanced " menu : when in " network and wireless " -> " wifi " , hit the menu button and select " advanced " . here , switch your wifi policy to " always on " -- so it will stay on when the display is switched off , which means no 3g fallback as long as wifi is available . i have read about this issue a couple of times , and many report setting the wifi standby policy as described above largely improves the situation . update : i obviously wrote bullshit here . i left the bullshit in ( but striked it so you can see where i was wrong ) . closer investigation brought me to this : cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? . so basically my reasoning here was wrong , but luckily the recommendations still match somehow : )
do you have either app moved to the sd card ( using froyo ) ? if yes , then you need to move then back . the apps are not loading when the phone boots , so the phone is reverting to what is currently available on boot ( stock sms/keyboard ) . you have to remember : with cyanogenmod , it will let you move any app to sd card , regardless of whether the app is set to allow you or not . i made a similar mistake with swype .
you can use the same app that i found for my problem to fix yours : custom locale just install it and then select russian as your predefined language and you are good to go mate .
i have added my language using morelocale2 . . language : ta ( tamil ) country : in ( india ) ta_in i am able to add and select my language . but , it is not changing the default language of the device . . still i could it see the things in english . . any suggestions ?
uthark , you can try using morelocale2 , for an easy locale change .
matt , contacts groupu is a free app that let 's you create groups and sync w/ gmail groups . i stopped using it months ago because it turned out seperating my contacts was not that impoertant to me afterall . i do recall that it was a little quirky at first which caused some duplicate groups . play around with it and figure out the difference between groupu groups and synced groups before you spend time getting things organized .
sunpech is correct about that . however , it does not quite work in the way you are envisioning it . your groups in your google contacts do not sort your contacts in your phone , instead you are simply able to specify to android which of those groups you want synced . when you are in your contact list ( in android ) you can hit menu and go to " display options " and choose your preferences there . the actual appearance of the " display options " screen will vary depending on your version of android , but ultimately , you will be able to choose which groups to include in your contacts , and even specify to only display those with phone numbers . i hope this clears things up for you .
i do not know of any way to do that on the android device directly . but you can create groups within your contacts in gmail , and it will sync down to your device .
go to the htc site and download the official ruu file for the htc one and run it . there should be an explanation on htc 's site or you could ask them to walk you through it . this will fix the security bootloader thing and update your phone .
the kobo box is a cheap ( price ) tablet and it does have some issues . you better google and read about them before buying one . that being said it can be made to run the google android market . note that you will need adb or root'ing your device to do so . you will also need to repeat those steps every time an update is available for the tablet ( since it will rewrite the partition were you are making the changes ) . still interested ? ; - ) if so then the best instructions for rooting and installing the market are available on mobileread.com. have fun !
well , only if your rooted . you would manually have to install the g-apps recovery update zip . if you tell me your country and phone type , i can provide a link , or you can see all available versions here : gapps downloads
cyanogenmod has a barebones list of apps and the relative safety of uninstalling each . while it is for cm roms , the list will be pretty similiar for the droid . fyi , if verizon ever releases any ota updates in the future for your phone , they will not install if you do not have the stock apps installed . usually you are better off ' freezing ' them with titanium backup .
i am unsure about launcher -- some system apps provide services to the os that 3rd party apps use , rather than replace . for example , the system 's phone ( dialer ) , contact , and messaging apps generally handle communications with the cellular radio hardware or system dbs for messages/contacts/syncing themselves in ways that 3rd party dialers/messaging apps can not replicate or replace . the 3rd party apps still end up using the system functionality . the system needs to have a launcher as a system app , even if you have got a 3rd party one in place . thought experiment : what would happen if you did a factory reset without restoring the system launcher ? now , if you can make go launcher a system app then you might be able to remove the stock launcher . amazon mp3 is pure bloatware if you are not using amazon 's mp3 service . as you have already discovered , car home can also be safely removed .
first of all your phone needs to be rooted if it is not yet . facebook , twitter and amazon mp3 can safely be uninstalled . i am not sure about the launcher . if you are not sure either i would keep it .
pretty much any samsung is going to be susceptible to " sds " ( sudden death syndrome ) because samsung is just " high quality stuffs " . for a point of reference , i am a smartphone data recovery/mod/repair technician , and i see sds and memory errors almost exclusively in samsung devices . the only exceptions were damaged by water .
it sounds like your bootloader is locked , which is different from rooting . with a locked bootloader , you can only flash official signed factory images ; with it unlocked , you can flash anything to any partition . if you are following google 's directions for installing factory images , you will see that one of the steps is to run a fastboot oem unlock command . this unlocks the phone 's bootloader . it also erases all your data . ( but installing the l preview system image will do that anyway . )
have you tried any of the steps to kick-start a truculent app ? have you re-entered your account and password information ? have you tried changing any of the sync options for your google account ?
edit : i do realize there is the option to hide the dialpad and input box during the call . however , whenever i need to use the dialpad again i need to make it visible , which then shows my password still at the top . that is an indication of proximity sensor , when the handset is near the ear , the screen blanks out , when you are pulling the handset away , the screen comes back on and can see the dialpad , along with the numbers entered ! is there any way to clear it after entering it ? when you make a check to voicemail , you are dialing the number , then enter the password , then after checking the voicemail , you hangup , does that not clear the dialer ? in certain dialers , you can actually long press on the dialpad 's top screen to bring up a menu , to select all , then cut . . . or long press on the keypad 's backspace button maybe , if this does not suffice , then the only thing that comes to mind , is to either shield the screen from prying eyes or , use an alternative dialer .
no , this is not possible . in order for your device to be in debug mode/ connect to the computer with the debug cable , it needs to be connected as a slave device . the otg cable tells the tablet to go into host mode . so now your computer is telling your tablet to be a slave but through the enumeration with the otg cable the tablet believes it needs to be the master , there is a quarrel and it appears the tablet wins and is the master and thus your computer does not acknowledge the tablets existence . if you need the debugging tools have you looked into adv wireless debugging ? ( sorry i can not find the link right now but i have used it in the past and know it is somewhere on the developer . android . com site ) i could not find the link so i figured out how to do it again : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 .
no , the battery does not care how it got charged in terms of a given charge . it just takes longer when using your pc because it is getting less current from the pc than the ac charger . here 's a post on android forums which suggests that the current coming from the pc is significantly less than the ac charger . the forum posts list 100ma or 500ma for the pc 's usb port vs . 1000ma from the ac charger ; these numbers could be off but the point is correct . i also found this regarding the same phenomenon with the iphone 4 . so using the ac charger is just a matter of whether you want the phone to charge quicker or not .
easy to do : open the camera app in the upper left you see a " gear " icon . tapping it opens a drop-down . do so . scroll a little down . the third-to-last item reads " storage " ( has a sdcard icon ) . tap it . in the new overlay , select your wanted storage from " sdcard " or " internal storage " done : )
change your passwords before you hand it in . then go into settings/applications etc and stop all the apps , clear data/cache etc . remove the sd card .
make a full backup , wipe everything , remove memory cards if present , send for repairs , restore backup after you receive . this is neither difficult nor time-consuming if you use something like nandroid backup . http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/how-to-perform-and-restore-a-nandroid-backup/
you would need to install a custom launcher . a launcher is the application that you use to launch other applications . it is both the home screen ( view with wallpaper ) and launcher draw ( "launchpad" ) . with android you can install different launchers via the play store to suit your own needs . for example appdrawer ( miui app drawer ) might be what you are looking for .
there is a settings on text messaging app to preview messages on lock screen . go to Text Messaging App --> ( press menu ) Settings--> ( go to notification settings ) check Preview Messages option . or you can use this app . it will display new messages when phone is locked .
this is impossible because the setting does not exist . maybe you coud broadcast to these people or try a alternative app .
there is a list of things one can do to improve battery life . the easiest ( attention , black humor ) is turning the device off , next to switching it to airplane mode . in general these two things are not worth a consideration -- but with all things operable , i have seen no smartphone yet lasting more than 2 days . my old htc buzz currently makes it a week ( 7 days , and still 40%+ left ) -- but it neither has a sim card inserted , nor wifi enabled ( so you see , most energy goes for being permanent online ; i just carry the buzz as backup , since i did not yet transfer all apps to my new phone ) . my motorola droid 2 ends up at about 70% at the end of the day ( after about 17h runtime ; so it would basically last ~2 days ) , and i am not really doing that much . but to provide something useful , here comes a short ( and incomplete ) list : one of the largest energy consumer is the display -- so this area is where you can save most : make the display timeout as small as possible ( and just as large as needed ) . 30s is a good value . you probably do not need 100% brightness , so turn it down as low as possible . handicap : if it is not bright enough when you need it , it is hard to find the appropriate setting . on some devices/roms some toggle-switches are integrated into the status area ( if not , there are apps to do this ) , so you can blindly draw it down and hit the correct corner to toggle it up . at least on the motorola droid , there is one consumer clearly topping the display using twice as much : umts up/download . so if you do not really need to constantly transfer big data , or rely on umts as there is no gsm available ( unlikely ) , switch 3g off and force your phone to gsm mode . not relevant for data only , but also for talk ( just with less energy difference ) . wifi is also a main consumer -- even in standby . so when not needed , switch it off ( same for bluetooth ) . as we are in this category : though often suggested , gps standby is not worth mentioning -- as long as it stays standby . only problem here are apps that will then make use of it for localized ads and the like . so if you rarely use gps , just turn it off as well . i could almost write a book on this , as there would be so much more to be mentioned . so just some little additional hints concerning apps which might be of assistance : battery saver has an interesting concept : running a service in the background , it regularly checks the systems report on the strength of cell and wifi signal ( the system updates those data either , so that is no costly action ) . finding one ( or both ) of them too weak to be useful ( e . g . if you are sitting in a bunker , or some faraday box ) , it switches them completely off -- and checks in intervals whether it makes sense to turn them back on . this is especially useful if you often experience " dead zones " , where your cell radio would then power up to max , desperately trying to find some cell tower . and talking about " limiting your smartphone experience " makes no sense here : you either get no contact , as thee 's no signal ; ) juicedefender is available in multiple versions ( ranging from basic to plus to ultimate ) , and some hold it very high . it tries to save energy in several ways -- the best known being to " stutter " your data , by switching off all background sync , only permitting it in intervals . it offers much more possibilities , also depending on the version used . again , these are only very basic hints -- there is much more one could do . so you could use some profile apps like e.g. tasker or easyprofiles , timeriffic or llama -- to adjust your settings based on different situations . so you can e.g. put your android device to airplane mode when you sleep ( time based ) , adjust screen timeout when reading ( "when runs" ) , switch wifi off/on when leaving/returning home ( location based ) , and many other things . guess you have got the idea : ) edit : if you are still awake at this point , and like to read more , checkout what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
i found this app " onavo " . i did not try it but maybe you want to ; ) i read that you can set the limit in the data usage settings . but i do not find the settings , maybe because i use stock rom . hope this answer could help you .
this would be possible if your rooted your phone and wrote an installed a new kernel usb driver which made it look like a supported network adapter . needless to say that would be a project requiring quite a bit of expertise and effort - it is probably going to be cheaper to get a supported adapter , and not tie up your phone in the process .
this will almost certainly be impossible . your xbox does not have usb drivers for your android phone .
i am using a nexus 5 and using next launcher as the app launcher . just counted the apps in one of my folders and noticed that it has 13 apps inside ( and can fit more as it uses the general swipe command for the next list within the same folder ) . . . presuming stock launcher your using ? try a different one like next or nova ? ?
usb otg compatibility is more dependent on the kernel than the actual operating system . if the stock kernel does not support it , then it will ( most likely ) only be a matter of time until a custom kernel is released that has this functionality . if you were to purchase it , remember that the tablet can only give 5v of power to the device - this stops you from using things such as portable hard drives with the device , which require a large power input . you would be best asking on a dedicated rom'ing forum such as xda-developers to find out if the stock kernel supports usb otg , and if not , a custom kernel can be made to support it . please be aware , that you will need an app that allows you to use the usb otg support .
what is your android version ? when you highlight the text , just click the highlighted text to copy it . then you can paste it by long clicking on a text input field . on android 3+ the system changed , and you now copy and paste using the bar that appears when you long press on some text .
you already figured it out : when you write an android app , you can do operations which requires permissions . the complete list is the link you have given : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/manifest.permission.html . most of the permissions listed are very explicit for developpers , but for the user , some can sound mysterious . to take your example , the read_phone_state permission is mostly used to have access to the phone id . it allows developpers to know how many users ( phones ) they have . but this permissions also let us know if you are receiving a call or not to react in consequence ( if it is a music application : reduce the volume ) , and things like that . but , for 2 different android apps , you can see the same permissions with 2 different uses of it . for large permission as write_external_storage ( to write on sd card ) , one can just write its settings files , the other can put a malware script on it . . . the only way to know exactly what an app does with the permissions , is to see the code . but , in most case , if it is a non-open-source app , you can not . . . i hope i answer your question . if not , i will try to give details with your more precise question . regards
the best resource i found so far : http://techpp.com/2010/07/30/android-apps-permissions-secure-private-data/
well occasionally when you update firmware , your router at home will have problems with the new firmware on your phone ( due to out-of-date drivers , old firmware on the router , router is unsupported by new firmware , etc . ) so if it works everywhere else pretty well , this might be your issue . my recommendation : try downloading a different kernel ( there are plenty out there for the s2 ) , your best bet looking on the xda-forums , maybe start here ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=665
a bit of a hack . thanks to an answer in the gis.stackexchange.com, i was able to contact the owner of a web mashup ( driven by a google spreadsheet ) who created an kml export link . http://tables.googlelabs.com/exporttable?query=select+col3%2ccol1%2ccol2%2ccol4%2ccol5%2ccol6%2ccol7%2ccol8%2ccol9%2ccol10%2ccol11%2ccol12%2ccol13%2ccol14%2ccol15%2ccol16%2ccol17%2ccol18+from+261434+o=kmllinkg=col17 copy/pasting this link into the search box in google maps on my droid displayed the rest areas on the map . there is a limit to the number of points the map will display out the kml , so if you are zoomed out too far , you will only get a cluster of points . so make sure you are zoomed in close enough--having a few states visible should still work and be no problem . when the map points load , the extent changes . i guess it is to the extent of all the points that were loaded from the kml .
i know this is a reply to an old post . . but i have been running kismet on an original droid with a 8 gig micro-sd card . 4 gig is fat32 for the phone pics , vids , and such . . . . the other 4 gig had debian squeeze running on it . not to hard to setup . . ( i should make a tut : ) lol once the phone is rooted ( must have ) . . you can just use the freebee linux installer from the market . uncheck the loop box in settings , and change the device install to /sd-ext . further at the bottom you will need to change the device to mmcblk0p2 . . or whatever you actual ext2 formated linux partition is . you can type " mount " into terminal , and it will list all the currently mounted directories and partitions . you want to make sure that mmcblk0p2 or whatever is mounted to /sd-ext . the phones by default will mount the linux partition on the sdcard at boot , but just check and make sure . . i suggest connecting to wifi with fast inets for this . . although your 3g with good bars will work just fine for this too : ) just follow the buttons . . 1 ) 2 ) 3 ) 1 is extract debian to * * 2 is install debian to sd card 3 is install script . be patient . . . each step will take time . if you get errors . . check the log . . . each device is a little different , but you will get it : ) i have my kismet log dumps going to the fat32 partition on the sdcard . this way it is very easy to get the files you need for things like kismet log viewer . . . : ) or backtrack : ) enjoy , i hope this sparks some fun for you : )
there are quite a few apps capable of detecting wifi networks , however , pixie ( root only ) is the only passive wifi detector that i am aware of .
looks like there are several options . here are a couple of the more popular apps : wififofum appbrain description : wififofum scans for 802.11 wifi networks and displays information about each including : ssid , mac , rssi , channel , and security . wififofum also allows you to connect to networks you find and log the location using the gps . kml logs can be emailed . wifi scanner appbrain description : *no ads *option to connect added for open networks ! ! ! *update comming soon a free wifi scanner for wireless networks for android . the wifi signal is displayed in dbm format ! if you are looking to sniff traffic try : shark for root appbrain description : traffic sniffer , works on 3g and wifi ( works on froyo tethered mode too ) . to open dump use wireshark or similar software , for preview dump on phone use shark reader . based on tcpdump . please leave comments/send e-mail if you have any problems/suggestions .
i use wifi analyzer , a free tool which gives a good range of wifi detections . it will show you things like signal strengths , encryption levels , ssids on overlapping channels and a few other details .
sorry mate this is not possible since ios and android are different operation systems applications from android cant work on ios you need to download the games in ipad again . you can transfer music , docs and movies by transfer them to your computer then using itunes and transfer then to your ipad .
if injustice on ipad does not have a menu item to do this , and it does not sync game saves via the internet ( very few games do this in a cross-platform way ) , then you can not do it . it is possible to extract the save games from injustice on android if your phone is rooted , but ios does not have this feature , so there would be no way to put the save file into your ipad .
you only need to enable google now . all other settings are automagically determined by google after a few days of usage . note : you give up a bigger portion of your anonymity for that .
actually you shoud set you home and work address in google maps/latitude . you can do this at least on your desktop by going to http://maps.google.com, logging in with your google account , and clicking My places on the left . this shows the fields where you can edit your addresses . google now will figure out your regular schedule after a while , took a couple of days for me to get the suggestions at the right times .
complete android guide is a pretty good introduction/starting point for free on the website , available as an ebook or an app on the market . http://completeandroidguide.com/
i do not know about a manual ( i never found one ) but . . . how to close programs . you do not . i mean , if you want to stop running applications , that is under Settings &gt; Applications but otherwise , you mostly do not . how to switch between open programs . are they even open still ? if you long press the " home " key you can move between the last few applications you had open . how to properly shut the device down . when you hold the power key for a few seconds , you should get a few different options , depending on your os version . powering off is definitely one of those options . that is the best way to shut it down . what version it is . how to upgrade . or should i ? find the os version under Settings &gt; About phone ( should show a kernel version and a build number . i am pretty sure you can not upgrade without rooting it , but there are some good insights on rooting your phone right here ( and no one definitive answer , for better or for worse . ) how do i root my device ? when to use the sd card , when to use the internal flash drive for storage . that is a good question , one worth asking / looking for answers to here . what tasks it is capable of doing . google does have some good general material on this one . what its limitations are . . there is no good answer to that one , unfortunately . what not to do so that i do not break it . do not throw it from high buildings . . .
google do actually publish android manuals for each major version , unfortunately they do hide them fairly well . your phone 's manufacturer and/or your network/carrier may also publish manuals for your phone that will include the major changes they have made from the base android ( for example a lot of manufacturers customize or replace a lot of the android ui with their own version , such as htc 's sense , or samsung 's touchwiz interface , they may also modify/replace default apps to work better with their hardware or interface , the camera app is often one of these ) . in your case it sounds like the manufacturer unfortunately probably does not have an english language manual , on the plus side they probably have not done much customization to the base android experience . google 's android manuals : android 2.2 ( aka froyo ) android 2.3 ( aka gingerbread ) android 3 ( aka honeycomb ) tablets only , not available for phones android 4.0 ( aka ice cream sandwich ) actually a galaxy nexus manual , but as that device is pretty much pure ics , it should be ok
have you tried opening android market from the home screen , with a data connection ? i had a similar problem with android market details pages and web site and in-app payment methods being broken . eventually i entered through the front door on the device and it made me ok all the new rules and started working again . someone at google screwed up and broke the app unless you use the home screen regularly , lol .
i would just say make sure you have a wifi connection going on and have the google market app open . i think it will update itself after some time . i think it can just take a little while .
this happened to me previously . all i did was just wait and it eventually updated to play store .
without any additional tools , this should be possible via adb shell or a terminal app , using the netstat command : netstat --tcp --listening -p should list up all listening ports along with the app behind it . but it might very well be ( as in your case , obviously ) that the -p parameter requires root ; and without it , the output will not show the app holding the port open . however , netstat plus might offer what you need : netstat plus and connection list ( source : google play ; click for larger image ) i did not try this app myself , but the screenshots suggest it does exactly what you need : listing apps with the used ports and status along . no word that it requires root . it further seems to work at least from gingerbread ( 2.3.6 is explicitly mentioned ) onwards to at least jelly bean 4.3 ( also explicitly mentioned ) . an alternative would be connection list ( second screenshot ) .
i have the same on my desire s . seems to be a bug in skia font metrics calculation . all i could get from the crash was that it is in : SkPaint::getFontMetrics(SkPaint::FontMetrics*, float) const 
the problem can be fixed by removing the other apps that are available to be used . after all if there is only one option , that has to be the default right ? a good tool for this is titanium backup . it is for root users so if you do not have root you will have to find some other way of removing the app ( adb would probably be your best option if you refuse to root your phone )
the simple and straightforward method to set the default launcher is the one you used : tap the home button . tap adw . launcher . tap always . if this is not working for some reason , then it might help to describe what the device is doing instead .
just go to > phone> call settings . there you will see an option to reject call with mssage . go there and yowill see some template messages . jut delete all the message one by one and thats it . your problem is solved .
unfortunately , there is no way to disable that . sony is using a proprietary dialer that has that function hard-coded into it . without using a custom rom , there is no way around it . i know this because i have experience with this on samsung devices ( they also have a bar near the bottom that allows to reject with text ) , and having heavy proficiency with android , outside of somehow recompiling the dialer apk and using your knowledge of java to find the entry , remove it , and recompile , there is unfortunately nothing you can do .
yes , it has hspa+ which is what t-mobile 's "4g " actually stands for . this article on androidauthority should help you understanding why it does not have lte .
it appears the nexus 4 does have an lte chip , but its not enabled . here 's a post to get it working : http://techcrunch.com/2012/11/23/how-to-enable-4g-lte-on-the-google-nexus-4/ i have seen a fair amount of youtube videos of people enabling it and testing it .
it is not " officially " supported , but if you take a look at xda forum you will surely find some unofficial builds . here 's a link to one
have had the same issue on my droid 2.3.6 . it used to connect to wifi but could not browse the internet until i disabled : parental control from my wifi router . hope this will help someone .
when i first bought my tablet , i , too , faced the same issue . i tweaked the wifi settings a lit bit and it worked . here is what i did : click on advanced checkbox under your wifi network name and click " static ip " . your problem will be solved . alternatively , you can try either wpa2-personal encryption or no encryption at all .
apparently wep support is thoroughly broked in android 2.0.1 and above . http://answerguy.com/2009/12/11/android-2-0-1-update-breaks-droid-wi-fi-wep-encryption/ http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/1253-wifi-problem.html ( also includes a possible fix for wep by disabling/enabling the router firewall , though i have not tried it and ain't gonna . . . ) http://www.draconos.com/blog/2009/11/19/wifi-on-the-droid http://www.611connect.com/howto/merben_how-to-enable-wi-fi-on-the-motorola-droid ( comments ) ( also suggests that , if you initially upgrade to wpa to get it working , you can later drop back to wep and it will continue to work . . . ) http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=130d8d289ec5c8f2hl=en that said , wpa is a better choice all around anyway .
this kind of thing is real problem with non-computer devices . upgrading to wpa ( especially wpa2 ) will fix the phone but could break other devices ( old laptops , tivo 's etc ) . another solution is to give up on encryption , especially since wep is not really encryption . almost all routers support mac filtering , and most support " internet-only " connections , this way you can let any device on your wireless that you know about , and let polite people know they should not connect . hackers and jerks ( not always the same people ) can still spoof mac addresses but that is what " internet-only " is for : you are not exposing your local network over wireless . obviously this setup will not work for everyone but it has worked for me in the past , and i might do it again if i get even one more device that can not talk wpa2
you can change your " user agent " to Android or iPhone , this would speed up browsing on the laptop . ( there are several addons for every browser out there which can do this ) but would only display the mobile sites , which are designed for use with a mobile device ( e . g a smartphone )
as i noted in a comment , one thing to be aware of is that ( typically ) the order of the partitions matters . android basically only looks at the first partition in the table , so you need to make sure the fat one is first on the disk and the ext2/3/4 one is second . otherwise android will see the ext partition and will not know what to do with it .
i did resolve this issue eventually . i use app protector pro on the main account of the device , but it is not installed in the second user . somehow having this enabled on the primary account disrupts the screen ordering on the second and subsequent users . it occurred to me that this might be the case , and testing has proved it so . you need to disable app protector pro to resolve .
i have found a few bluetooth headsets that would do this . for example the motorokr s9 : works with any brand of bluetooth®-enabled compatible phone or music device that supports advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) and audio video remote control profile ( avrcp ) . however this is a bit offputting : for optimal outdoor performance , position music device in close proximity to and in line of sight with the s9 's internal antenna , which is located in the base behind the user 's head . placement of the music device in a front pocket is not recommended . so they had be fine as long as i strap my phone to my back or hold the phone like the model in the photo on the linked page is . hmm . a few other bluetooth headsets i have looked at include : motorola ht820 ( a bit bulky , but does have a wired option ) nokia bh-503 ( my current favourite ) . i would still prefer a wired solution if possible so will keep looking . i have found that the samsung galaxy 's trrs connector is left-right-mic-ground , so it definitely will not work with iphone headphones ( which are left-right-ground-mic ) . however this does mean it may work with headphones from other vendors that have the same connection order , like nokia , perhaps .
i have a moto droid and these two audio enabled headsets : sony drbt50 stereo bluetooth headset good audio quality , especially bluetooth . use with pandora . comfortable for serious listening . works as both a phone headset ( meh ) and stereo audio ( yay ! ) plantronics voyager 855 bluetooth headset ( black ) good conversation quality and microphone . use this for phone conversations and " talkie " podcasts . supports both phone ( yay ! ) and stereo audio ( meh ) both of these headsets support audio controls in doggcatcher and music . not sure about pandora since i rarely use media controls now that my preferences are tuned . bluetooth is way more fragile than wired . you have pairing issues and interference issues , and battery draining/charging issues . oh and it is way more expensive . might be worth it , but do not start unless you think farting around with gadgets is a fun way to blow a weekend ( and a couple hundred dollars ) .
i prefer to stick with wired headset , since they are betetr supported by the software . i just bought the motorola eh25 . it has a mic and button , kind of like the ipod touch . generally they are around $20-$30 , but i found them here for $7 .
i think bluetooth is going to be your most flexible option . i have a pair of rocketfish bluetooth headphones . they are fairly low cost , sound great , and include player controls on the left ear unit . they support both the a2dp profile ( for stereo playback ) as well as the hands-free headset profile for voice calls . the mic is acceptable , but not great .
try with shell using a keyboard pm install [path_to_apk] 
yes , if the phone is connected to the internet , you can install apps from the google play web interface ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps ) without touching the phone . starting the app is a different matter , though : you may need to find an app that is specifically designed for this situation , so it can be triggered without needing to open it from the launcher , or use a usb gamepad ( or a bluetooth one , if it is already paired ) to control the launcher without using the touchscreen .
check if you can connect a mouse ( or keyboard ) through usb otg port ( and microusb-to-usb converter cable ) . . . i am not sure whether your device supports otg or not . . . just give a try . . .
yes you can using tools like flashtools for sony
possible with command but there are conditions , you have usb debugging enabled you need to configure adb if you have this two things configured then you can type following command to boot your phone into recovery mode adb reboot recovery  or adb shell reboot recovery 
fast reboot will get the job done for you . whenever you want to play your game , just launch fast reboot and then launch your game . it will free up some extra ram without interfering with anything critical , and it is much easier than a script . do not worry about restarting the apps , because as t0mm said , they will almost immediately restart themselves . ( you can launch fast reboot twice to see this ) this solution will solve your needs without having to pay for tasker . although , i do recommend that app- it can do anything .
you can use an tasker to kill apps when you launch your game . and you are also able to do the opposite , when your game gets closed , tasker can initialize other apps . you may use the trial version to test this , but i believe that better results can only be achieved with root . tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
in order to start in game mode , i thing you can use the following commands pm enable package_name  and pm disable package_name  then you should restart some application services like whatsapp in order to restart checking automatically ( not sure if they will automatically restart services since package has been disabled ) to do that you can use am command , but not sure what where will be the best arguments . you can use the logcat command , to debug what intents are being launched . if you only kill the application it automatically will restart few seconds . in smanager , at this moment it is not possible execute script after app has finished . but it could be a new feature . you also should kill smanager in the las line of the script . killall os.tools.scriptmanager 
your digitizer probably failed . that is the glass piece you touch with your finger . on some models it can be replaced , although not something for the faint of heart . i have had to do this for my evo 3d .
prior to android 4.0 ( aka ice cream sandwich ) it is called " droid " , and comes in serif ( regular , bold , italic , bold italic ) , sans ( regular , bold ) , and sans mono variants . a new font family " roboto " was released with 4.0 . wikipedia article on droid ( font ) google+ post on roboto
i can not specifically answer your question , however , what i have found bt paring my nexus 7 ( jb 4.2 ) to my ( rooted ) motorola defy phone ( froyo 2.2.2 ) , using standard setup panels , is similar . that is , it works the first time . on subsequent attempts , i see a ' connecting . . ' message then the bt paring/connection panel quickly returns to ' waiting for user input ' with no connection . in order to ' fix ' it i have to reboot the motorola ( phone ) .
i managed to make it sound by writing to /dev/msm_pcm_out : mplayer something.mp3 -ao pcm:file=/dev/msm_pcm_out  sound is choppy and it looks hacky in general . video output is something like -vo fbdev:/dev/graphics/fb0 .
assuming the file is located on your computer , but you want to restore it on your device : adb push /usr/local/backup/backup.bin /sdcard/backup.bin adb shell dd if=/sdcard/backup.bin of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7  should to the trick . explanation : the first command copies the backup.bin file to your sdcard , and in the second line dd reads it from there and then writes it to the device specified . you might wish to combine this to a one-liner : adb push /usr/local/backup/backup.bin /sdcard/backup.bin &amp;&amp; adb shell dd if=/sdcard/backup.bin of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7  this means : " copy the file to the device , and execute dd only when the copy process succeeded " . to answer the other part of your question ( what is wrong with your command ) : you cat the file to the local adb process on your computer , not to the remote dd process on your device . adb does not know how to " hand it over " . so why does it work the other way around ? because there you capture the output displayed on your local computer , which of course you can redirect locally .
this will work on a linux : adb shell dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7|sed 's/\r$//' &gt; backup.bin  in macos it can be made to work as well , you just need to do it with perl : adb shell dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p7|perl -pe 's/\x0D\x0A/\x0A/g' &gt; backup.bin 
as @sameer has mentioned you will lose the wifi password and bluetooth name etc when you do clear data for settings . but using titanium backup pro you can restore them as it is .
i did it a few days ago for the same problem ( cyanogenmod m8 for i9100 ) : i did not lose anything ; it fixes the problem = )
i think : if you can find an rss feed for it , you can add it to google reader , and put it in the " listen podcasts " folder . that should make it magically sync on your phone . i think .
i have not had any luck with that either . what i ended up doing was downloading the mp3 , putting that in dropbox , then loading it up in dropbox as a favorite ( click the star icon ) . favoriting it makes sure it is in the offline cache . then i listen to it from there . the downside is that dropbox has to be open as it does not seem to support background audio playing . the upside is that i can listen to the stackexchange podcast in my car . : )
let me know if this helps , no lock
try this app : go locker
it seems to me that you could get there by having tasker either directly set the system variables necessary to overclock or to access the commands that setcpu uses . to do that you can use the " execute " plugin that executes commands like you would in the terminal emulator . a lot of this is over my head but you probably understand terminal commands and such better and may be able to make sense of my ramblings : install the locale execute plugin create a new profile for when you run psx4droid add a task to set the cpu add an action and choose plugin/execute execute the command necessary to reset ( overclock ) the cpu . here 's a link to explain how to format the commands . unfortunately i do not know what command does this . theoretically , when you open psx4droid it should run that profile you created , changing the cpu settings .
try this thread on xda tasker cpu control profiles
since you already had cm10 installed , you should be having the zip file with you . if you do not have it , you can download it from the previous source and place it in your sd card . if you do not have and do not know the source from where you already downloaded , you can try the one from where i had downloaded ( courtesy ) . the reason i am trying to stick to your previous download is that these zip files are unofficial cm builds and are compiled from same source by many developers , each adding their own bells and whistles and most importantly bug fixes . hence you already know what is working and what is not with your previous rom which will avoid you any nasty last minute surprises . as far as the rom that i am using , apart from what is mentioned in the blog , google location service is not working . which means that news and weather app , google maps etc will not get your location without gps . after deciding which rom zip file to use , place the zip file in sd card and switch off the phone . please backup whatever you want as the following steps is going to erase all except the sd card contents . reboot your phone into recovery mode . to do this , press and hold home button , volume down button and while holding both down , power on the device . do not release the home and volume down button until you see the cyanogenmod recovery console . then simply follow the steps as said in the blog .
try settings > applications > manage applications . all > network location > clear data .
no , as 4.0.3 is ice cream sandwich while 4.3 is jelly bean . what you saw was the version number of the application , not the needed version of android . i hope this helped !
here , you can see the versions : wikipedia about android 4.0 . x is older than 4.1 . x and so on . it is explained here
note , i do not have a motorola phone , and my phone 's just doing the standard android contact linking , but it may also help you . i did this because my previous phone was an htc magic running android 1.6 , which had no contact linking ( as that only came with android 2 ) so i used one of the apps that downloads the facebook picture and applies it to the contacts , the picture was then stuck there until i manually got it to update again . here 's what i did to get them updating properly once i moved onto a phone with froyo : if you go into your google contacts on the web , do you see the old facebook picture on your contacts there ? if so , select the contact . hover your mouse over their picture until you see the change picture link , click that and select no picture . save the change . after a bit the change should sync down to your phone and it should then use the only picture it has - the current facebook picture .
from what i understand , contacts is actually fairly decoupled from facebook because google does not like their api and facebook does not want to let their users export data . i believe this means that if you remove your facebook account from the phone , those photos will disappear from the contacts . then you can re-add the account to get them back . unfortunately the contacts are not likely to relink automatically after that , and you had have to do it manually every time . i do not know of a better way .
before you run adb you have to install the developer kit and set up your sdk environment to detect your phone ( instructions ) . then you will be able to use the android debug bridge , or adb , as @matthew_read suggests . connect your usb cables , check for a dialog on your phone to allow it to be mounted , and then run adb devices from your computer to confirm that your phone really is talking to adb . from there you can use adb shell to launch a shell environment .
yes , just use adb over usb and run adb shell . see http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html#shellcommands
there is a app called android shell https://play.google.com/store/search?q=androidshell.io in google play . you can install it on your device and use the web ui ( http://androidshell.io ) to connect to the device and execute commands . disclaimer - i am the author of this app
tasker is a pretty awesome app that basically lets you write little apps/functionality , yourself . a simple solution , using tasker , is as follows : create a new tasked called ' missedcall ' for the '1st context ' choose state> missed call . click ok click done task selection , choose new task name it ' getridofmissedcalls ' . ok click add , choose phone > call log . click done click the + button to add another task choose app > go home . click done click done , again your task is now setup and you should be in the tasker profile list , click apply . basically what happens is that when you have a missed call tasker will open up the call log list , which will get rid of the notification , tasker will then return you to your home screen . i assume that most of you missed calls occur when the phone is in your pocket etc . so hopefully the behaviour of returning to the home screen is ok . there will be a system flag for missed calls , and if i could find out what it is then we could just get tasker to switch the flag to false ( or missed call count =0 ) , which would be a more elegant solution to the problem .
it looks like the crew over at xda are already on it : xda ouya main page ouya general discussion about the ouya android game console ( general , tips and tricks , etc ) ouya q and a , help and troubleshooting for all of your questions relating to the ouya android game console ouya android development android development for the ouya game console
i have not attempted this myself , but here are the steps that i found and seems pretty close to how i rooted my samsung galaxy s . i am not responsible for any issues that arise from following these steps , including , but not limited to your device spontaneously bursting in to flames . i suggest you do additional research and see what others say about using the tools below and read everything twice before doing it . and follow the instructions step-by-step . the firsts step is to make sure that you have kies installed on your computer . now download superoneclick root app from here and save it on your desktop . once this is done , turn your samsung galaxy tab on and connect it with your computer . make sure that you have usb debugging mode disabled and sync with kies . now disconnect galaxy tab from computer and enable usb debugging mode . you can enable the usb debugging mode by settings> applications> development> usb debugging . now reconnect your tab again to your pc and tap the home button so that your tab loses sync connection with kies . once done , launch superoneclick . exe and click on root . please wait for 5 to 10 minutes while the application roots your galaxy tab .
they are most of the time baked right into the monolithic linux kernel ( or sometimes available as loadable . ko kernel modules located in /system/lib/modules/ ) . note : linux kernel modules are build-specific and cannot be interchanged across devices , different firmware versions . see the wikipedia entry for linux kernel modules
google voice has options for this . if you have a voice account and someone calls you using that number you can use the call screening option to force them to record a message you can hear before you pick up . edit : google voice is currently only available in the us , so if you live anywhere else this solution obviously will not work for you .
browsing thru the market led me to this app called mr . number . features : new : status for calls and texts block calls and texts from one person or the world automatic reverse lookup for every number that is not in your contacts manual reverse lookup for mystery calls on your home or work phone add new contacts to your address book with one click catch telemarketers , debt collectors , and other spammers before they waste your time report spam calls and texts to warn other users control what name other mr . number users see when you call them
enabling usb debugging essentially starts up the adb daemon on your device , which allows it to communicate with adb on another device to enable debugging commands . it is used when developing and debugging applications , and allows you ( primarily ) to : transfer data between a computer and your device ( both ways ) read log data easily from logcat debug applications , including breakpoints and heap monitoring install and uninstall applications access a stripped-down shell on the device , for command-line interaction . leaving it enabled all the time will have a negligible impact on battery , if any at all . some other things to consider about leaving it on ( or not ) : pro : if your device has a hardware problem that prevents you from accessing the screen , usb debugging could be helpful in recovering data ( especially on a rooted device ) . pro : you can install applications , reboot your device , and generally do some other convenient things without having to actually interact with your device physically , even with the screen locked/off . pro : on a rooted device it may be possible to regain entry if you have forgotten the screen lock password/pin/pattern ( also a potential con , see below ) . pro : you can take advantage of port forwarding over usb debugging to use tethering apps like pdanet ( i believe that is how it is implemented since it does require it ) . con : if your device is lost or stolen , an unscrupulous individual could attempt to steal data from the device regardless of whether or not you have got a screen lock . if you are rooted , they can get pretty much everything . con : i recall reading that some devices can have trouble with accessing the sd card as a mass storage device when usb debugging is enabled . i have personally never seen this issue , but i have seen people allege that it was a problem . see also : using hardware devices from the android sdk documentation which discusses debugging applications on physical devices ( rather than the emulator ) . there is also a documentation page regarding the android debug bridge ( adb ) which explains its purpose and its commands .
to make one of eldarerathis ' cons less critical : one could use tasker or locale together with the secure settings plugin to automatically toggle usb debugging on for safe locations ( based e.g. on cell towers , network/gps location , wifi networks connected or in reach ) , and toggle it off ( exit-task with tasker ) when leaving such . with a nfc tag and the locale nfc plugin it could also be switched it on/off on demand . all that even without touching the screen -- so it would work even if the screen is broken . and that " unscrupulous individual " then would have to be in your " safe location " or have your tag , and must know those circumstances -- which is much less risky . if your device does not belong to that small group having trouble mounting their storage with usb debugging turned on , this would leave almost no " con " then .
the biggest downside is not being able to mount it as a mass storage device when you plug it into the computer . with it turned on it will always assume you want to debug the device . you really only need it turned on if you are developing software for the phone or plan on using adb with your phone . the adb program is only available through the android sdk so its not something average users need . that being said i keep my turned on all the time , but that is only for connivence for doing android development because i do that more often that use it as a mass storage . you mileage may vary .
you do not have need to keep debugging always on . in some devices it affects the charging of battery . when debugging is kept on , the charging speed becomes very low . . . . it'll take more than 5 hours to full charge . . . . if you have such problem then keep off usb debugging , on it only when you need . . . . . .
the answer to my question turned out to be rather trivial ( at least for my rooted htc incredible ) . trivial to the point that i am embarrassed i asked the question in the first place ! to explore/manipulate my phone 's file system , all i had to do was connect it to my computer via usb , and choose " disk drive " as the connection type . then the storage on my phone shows up as two additional volumes : one for /sdcard and one for /emmc , which i can manipulate like any other volume . edit unfortunately , the approach as i have described it gives access only to those areas of the phone 's file system that a user can modify without root access . this approach is good enough for my purposes , but if you want free rein over your phone 's file system , and do not mind going over to the " dark side " to get these powers , see this xda forum thread .
as your device is rooted , you could try to install come sshd app : quicksshd explicitly mentions root support dropbear ssh server even requires it sshdroid mentions root as option so all 3 of them should be able to " export " the full file system via ssh . so on a mac ( and linux/unix/bsd as well ) you could directly connect from a terminal , or integrate the device 's file system using e.g. sshfs or fish , on windows you could use the famous winscp -- and probably many others .
i think if your phone is 16 gb the max you can go with ext sd card is 16 gb any bigger and the phone does not know what to do so 32 will not work that is what they told me for my galaxy s2
according to this : http://www.modaco.com/topic/370148-mwc-2014-sony-xperia-tablet-z2-hands-on/ and on this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjut4zawqqw#t=172 ( at 2:51 ) so lte versions are capable of making and recieving phone calls .
there are a couple of tablets from which i think you can answer phone calls . . . actually maybe just one that can answer but there is also one that notifies you as calls come in . the new samsung s series tablets are the ones that can take calls , even over wifi , i believe , because they allow you to project your phone screen into your tablet in real time and interact with it . the ads apparently show someone using a blue tooth headset and the tablet to talk on the phone ( although if the phone connects over blue tooth it would have to be close by ) . the other problem is that you have to have a samsung phone to do it ( stupid , i know ) and it might even have to be the s5 , limiting it even more . the tablet that notifies you when calls and texts come in is the lg g pad , which is nearly a year old but well designed and beautiful . it was originally over priced but the price has come down a lot . when i heard about that software mod , i looked high and low over the internet for the code to drop onto my nexus 7 to no avail . a little different from what you are asking but hope it can be helpful if the z2 does not work out .
yes , you can make phone calls from the the latest z2 tablet . .
it really makes little to no difference . if you really need a recommendation , use ubuntu , because it is what they use inside google , so you can be sure the tools will install cleanly and work properly on ubuntu .
change network . dns . disableipv6 to " true " in about:config .
your issue is not related to firefox but to your internet provider ( time warner cable ) . according to this site , it " hijacks " your browser 's default dns resolution failure behavior ( also known as "404 page" ) , redirecting you to road runner . following this site instructions , you just have to go to road runner 's preference page and disable the web address error redirect service option then save .
the issue was evidently resolved by using a different usb cord .
the boot-loader code is stored within the /boot partition . majority of android handsets uses the qualcomm 's boot loader , called lk ( little kernel ) , barring samsung , which uses their own form of boot-code . lk has the following : variety of nand devices for bootup usb driver to enable upgrading images over usb during development keypad driver to enable developers enter ‘fastboot’ mode for image upgrades display driver for debugging and splash screen enable android recovery image and image upgrades this applies to only , qualcomm chipsets hence the exemption of samsung based handsets there is a website blog that cites this from source the actual source code , if anyone is curious enough , can be found on codeaurora site . this is known as caf , in which a lot of qualcomm specific code for kernels can be found in . as a side-note : google releases source to aosp , caf , pulls from them , modifies it to make it fit within qualcomm chipsets , then the manufacturers pull those down and add their own bits , it is that for the reason there is , aosp , caf and cyanogenmod that are the main three flavours of android . the actual source code to the boot-loader can be found on caf 's git repository , and has not changed much , it can also be found in cyanogenmod 's source , specifically in , /bootable/bootloader also .
i was able to fix the issue at work by deleting some old wifi access points and rebooting . it may have been i had too many saved . i will try to see if it is fixed for good when i get to my home wifi
the behaviour you describe could plausibly be caused by a bug in the wi-fi software on your phone , if sleeping the wi-fi transceiver makes it forget something necessary to make the connection work ( such as the wpa keys ) . this is the kind of thing you have to expect when you use a pre-release version of a rom . nightly builds simply are not suitable for day-to-day use , because it is a bit of a lottery what bugs will have been added from one build to the next . switch to a stable build instead .
you can reset the default application settings in settings > apps > [ your app ] > " launch by default "
this is because option " scanning always available " is turned on in wifi advanced settings . turn it off may solve this issue . ( click on image for larger preview )
wi-fi is usually turned ON or OFF manually . if it is turned on , and it is not in use or phone is considered sleeping , it is still running . you might want to check with the cyanogenmod forums if there is any wi-fi issue for that version .
actually , wifi can be turned on or off manually , but you can set how the wifi will behave when the display is turned off - be it allways on , or turn off when screen is turned off and leave only 2g/3g/4g on . this settings can be found under the advanced setting in menu on wifi settings page . downside is that you are using your carriers data connection during the phone sleep and there may be some lag when waking-up the phone thanks to wifi reconnect .
one more solution to your problem is to use an application like juicedefender . the answer to your questions also remains , yes it is normal for the wifi to be always on and as others mentioned you can either turn it off manually or let an app/os do it for you . some roms manage it well in built but still require the data to be turned off , otherwise there is persistent battery drain . i will highly recommend juicedefender as i have been using it for quite some time and it can prolong battery up to 2x .
the wi-fi device inside your phone ( that includes the radio transceiver as well as the hardware that decodes the signals and tells the main cpu of the phone ) has several different power states . even when the wi-fi is on , after it is idle for several seconds , the wi-fi device goes into a low-power state . in this state , it is still connected , and can still receive data : when new data arrive via the connection , or when the phone wants to send some data , it quickly powers up to the working state . the low-power modes are not made visible to the user , so all you see is that the wi-fi is on or off , regardless of whether it is draining power because it is working all the time , or saving power by staying in the low-power state . if you are using a custom rom , it is possible that a bug in the driver integration is preventing the wi-fi device from going into its low-power state . it could also be caused by a poorly written app sending or receiving data very frequently for a long period : even if it is a small amount of data overall , if it is sent intermittently , it could keep waking up the wi-fi device , draining power unnecessarily . as others have pointed out , you can choose for wi-fi to turn off completely when the device screen is off . this setting is not always practically useful . if you have 3g turned on instead , then the phone actually uses more power to send data that way ( but less power to stay connected-but-idle ) . if you have 3g turned off or it is not available , then turning off wi-fi means you do not have any network connection at all , and can not get notifications of new mail and c . until a few seconds after you next turn the screen on .
heat and lithium ion batteries are not the best of friends , so anything you can do to maintain a lower battery temperature will prolong your battery 's life . while charging or under heavy load , you typically generate more heat than while resting , so in either of those cases , if your phone feels physically warm , it is probably a good idea to remove it from the case . however , if you are charging it somewhere that it is likely to be damaged by being knocked off a table , having something dropped on it , having a kid find and play with it , etc . then i would be more inclined to keep a protective case on it . the life of your phone is much more important than the life of your battery , as a battery is much cheaper to replace ( note : i am not familiar with how easy or difficult it is to replace the battery on a razr , beyond knowing that it is not as simple as popping the back off and pulling the battery ) . i will add that while it is possible that a case ( particularly the thicker ones like otterbox produces ) could lead to enough excessive heat that it damages the battery , i have not heard of anything beyond a faulty battery actually damaging itself ( think of the exploding battery stories ) . i would think that we had hear a lot more about this if it were a significant issue .
tasker is the way to go with this one . or , i suppose llama might do the trick for you as well -- as for the receiving end , automatically refreshing a browser window ? you had need a bit of javascript for that --- you would have to be hosting the image share service , yourself - which i do not think you are going to do . . right ? you could , after all , have a simple webserver on the phone that is taking the pictures , and do it that way , as well . . but that requires a bit of knowledge on how to configure your firewall --- do you really want to take a picture every 30-60 seconds ? and record each picture ? or would you rather have something that takes a picture when you want to see it ? teamviewer would be your best option in that case -- you could just use teamviewer to get into your phone , and either leave the camera running or just use it to take a picture . or , the combination of those two things are probably going to be your path of least resistance --- //edit based on your comments , it seems like this is the route you will want to go . 1 ) . set up an http server ( not ftp ) - on your android . connect your android to wifi so you can have a static ip , which will simplify the rest . 2 ) . tell your firewall/gateway ( dependent on your isp ) that your android device is an http server . 3 ) . set up llama to take a picture every x seconds , and put the picture in /path/to/http-server/latest-picture ( if you want to save all the pictures , then you will need it to mv /path/to/latest-picture /path/to/older-pictures_{timestamp} - which llama has variables for , i am sure . . . 4 ) . point firefox to http://your.external.ip.addr/path/to/latest-picture voila - ! this can be a bit complicated , but if you have patience , i will help .
that is my solution : create a tasker profile that is triggered every x minutes . its task has two actions : take a picture and save it with a static name upload the photo to a cloud storage i found foldersync , which has a tasker integration and it lets you upload files to many kinds of cloud storage ( as title and description suggest , at least - i did not test it yet ) including ftp , sftp , google drive and dropbox . to receive the images in a webbrowser , a simple js script should do it if you make your uploaded file public ( 'everybody who has the link . . . ' ) . otherwise , you may have to implement an authorization in your script . so it should be possible to use these two apps for your purpose . here are some pros and cons : advantages while you can use dropbox or something similar , you do not have to host anything it is relatively simple disadvantages you searched for a solution with one app but need two ( i think thats a minor . . . ) you will have to buy foldersync ( and tasker , eventually ) hope this helps ( at least for getting new ideas ) !
another approach : the free app ip webcam is a video streaming tool primarily , but there is also an option to fetch only a photo . it brings a webserver where /photo.png is a continuously updated resource . since it gets refreshed each time you request it via a browser , you do not have to care about taking a picture every x minutes . you then can use port forwarding on the router to access the phone 's webserver from www . ip webcam also features authentication with username/password , but i do not know how secure it is .
user dictionary manager might be what you are looking for . from the description : udm is an application that allows you to edit/export/import/delete/clean the user dictionary words found on your android phone .
prolly went to battery saver cause you had low battery and changed it automatically , youneed to change the amount of time back to what u want every time battery saver comes on , or dxit the settings in saver
you can use wakelock detector to find out what app is causing the behaviour . remember to read the correct procedure from the app 's info : how to use : 1 install the app 2 charge your phone above 90% and unplug cable ( or just reboot the phone ) 3 give it a time ( 1-2 hours ) to accumulate some wakelock usage statistics 4 run “wakelock detector” , it will display wakelock statistics for you ! 5 check the apps on the top , if they show very long wakelock usage time then you found the cause of your battery drain ! *note : wakelock statistics are gathered since step#3
if you can somehow obtain a zip style backup of the settings app you can try to manually push it from a computer through abd ( android debug bridge ) from your bootloader/recovery ( if it is unlocked ) more info here . http://teamw.in/adbsideload
i tried a lot of things . i think switching usb cables made a difference . after i switched and tried the vol down button holding while inserting the usb cable , the phone was recognized in emma but it was locked . but i was able to make flash mode work . so i retried pc companion , the update option which mentions resetting the phone/having trouble which opens a new menu . there i had to download the latest firmware first and then i had to do the vol down thing again after which it started installing the firmware on the phone . emma and pc companion are sony software .
does the phone fully boot or does it reboot almost immediately ? i have had similar experiences with phones ( from other vendors ) not being recognized until some time after they have booted ( mostly likely services need to start etc . etc . ) . i love ( not ) how this happens just at the time when you need to repair your phone ! have you tried removing sim cards , extra storage etc . sometimes if you can get the device to boot differently it will get far enough along to be " recognized " .
i encountered the same issues sometimes and i could not detect it without trying to make a phone call . i then went into the parameters panel , into the mobile network part . there , i force the phone to select my operator ( and remove the auto-detection option ) . since this modification , when i am disconnected from gsm network i have a little warning sign ( grey triangle with a white exclamation point inside ) in the notification toolbar . to force reconnection , i go in the same menu and force the phone to search available networks , i select mine and it is ( almost every time ) reconnected .
is there a way to get a notification that i am off the air ? i do not think this is possible , but there might be an app out there for it . i am not sure . i am fairly certain that it is not a native function in android though . is there a way to reconnect without rebooting the phone ? airplane mode on/off seems to be the easiest route . if that does not work , you can try going into " more . . . " on the settings menu and look for available networks manually . maybe you will find that you find other networks , just not your carrier , and in that case it is actually a coverage problem , or a problem with their equipment since you can actually see networks , just not the one you want to connect to . is this something that happens to others , or am i just lucky ? connection drops to the network is very common , but it is usually different kinds of drops for different reasons . if you have rooted your phone and you are running a custom rom , you might need to check out getril . if you are running stock , try a factory reset/reinstall of your device first , or see if there is any updates available from samsung . i get drops at times on my galaxy nexus as well , but i only lose data connection , i still see my carriers name and i can recieve sms/phone calls . this sounds completely different from your issue if you are actually losing contact with the gsm network completely . i would recommend that you check out if you can find other carriers networks or not ( mentioned above ) , if you can find others you need to notify your carrier first of all . if you can not , it is probably phone-specific but even there your carrier/samsung should be able to help you if you still have warranty and the device is not rooted .
i have same problem with my samsung galaxy y pro duos . the second sim often loses the connection to the gsm network , but the phone fails to notify me about that . it reports network signal strength as usual , but the number is inaccessible . it happens several times a month , the last time i did not notice it for several days - very bad . it seems this problem is common on samsung phones . the galaxy ace i bought for my mother did it a few times too , but it happens less often on this phone . i upgraded the software on both phones with no luck . i tried to hard-select the network , so hopefully i will at least get the notification . on one sim phones you could try this app ; it notifies you when gsm connection is lost . i can not tell if it works though , because it only works with the first sim and i get trouble with the second one . if it relies on info from android , then it probably will not work , because android thinks it is connected all the time ( the signal bar is on even if the sim inaccessible ) . i am actually thinking about switching the phone and avoiding samsung and/or android in the future , because this is obviously not an isolated problem and neither samsung or google seems to care to fix it .
as long as the gapps pack api number requirement is equal or lower then the rom api number they should work
as long as it is the exact same model ( be very careful here , since nexus 5 has gsm and cdma models ) your plan will work . if you are planning to unlock your phone 's bootloader , root it and install a custom recovery and rom , it is easily done with nandroid . on original nexus 5 you run nandroid backup . using adb pull copy the newly created backup directory to your pc ( the path will be different depending on the recovery you are using . ) unlock the bootloader of your new nexus 5 . boot into your new phone and enable usb debugging . now hook it up via usb and accept the authorization prompt . this is a very important step . do not skip this , otherwise adb will refuse to connect to the phone , even in recovery . install same version of custom recovery as you were using on your original nexus 5 . using adb push copy the backup folder you retrieved in step 2 from your pc onto the new phone . on the new phone boot into recovery and run nandroid restore . keep in mind that nandroid does not back up or restore the contents of media storage ( /sdcard ) , so you will need to copy those files manually ( adb pull/push works quite well , or you can use other methods as izzy mentioned in the comments ) . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) unlock the bootloader , you may want to look into using adb backup tool . however , this method also has its down sides ( e . g . sms messages are not backed up or restored , failure to back up some media , etc . )
well , there is many possible causes for this . some that spring to mind immediately are : someone set up the facebook app on the phone sometime in the past and then forget they had done so ; after the system update , it either became obvious or the app was " helpfully " reactivated after being deactivated ( the most likely , imo ) . someone linked the facebook and gmail accounts , and the system update " helpfully " populated the fb app on the phone as well . a third party service or another app is aware of both the fb account and the gmail account , and has " helpfully " associate fb with the gmail account ( have you double checked the fb profile to make sure that the gmail address is not listed ? ) the cell phone number has been added into the facebook profile , linking the phone with the fb account that way as opposed to linking it via the gmail account . +++ updated with two more possibilities +++
even i was facing the same problem since day one . fyi but it is connecting to the other wifi network . finally it worked in this way . . i went to the router setting added guest network and security none and do apply . once setting are updated turn off ur router for 1 min and switch on . restart your phone . then try to connect to the guest network . once you are able to connect then you can change the security settings by changing none to wpa in the security . hope this helps u . . : )
i believe the clock application on the htc desire is one made by htc and not google . i believe google is in the process of releasing their own clock application via the market as they have done with their other apps like maps and soon to be gmail .
it appears that it is possible to get the " set alarm . . . " voice action working by installing a leaked version of deskclockgoogle . apk as described on this website . i have not tested it . it seems that this feature is not yet officially released but is coming soon .
in order for the voice actions to successfully set the alarm the device must contain an app that implements the android.intent.action.SET_ALARM intent . ( read more in the documentation of android . provider . alarmclock . ) there is no guarantee that your device contains such an app ( unless it is a stock android ) . the situation is worse on samsung galaxy s ii ( with ics ) which by default comes with samsung 's own clock app which seems to handle the intent but actually does not , i.e. in response to the voice action a blank clock window pops up and no alarm is set . so voice actions will not even find out that the alarm setting task was not carried out . the only app that i am aware of that properly handles this intent and can be used with voice actions is alarm clock plus★ . it is likely that there are more such apps but android market does not make finding them easy , because it does not offer a search-by-intent feature . . .
it is the blur tool . you can apply linear or radial blur with this tool . ( more details in the instagram help center ) this tool is mostly used to simulate tilt-shift effect ( used by photographers to highlight a plane or exaggerate a minimal depth-of-field ) .
yes of course , so long as you have access to that database . if we are talking about mobile phone apps , then most will have an embedded sqlite database or equivalent . these typically are " stand alone " databases that do not have user authentication to access , you simply need access to the file ( "someapp . db " , or " someapp . sqlite " , etc ) and the proper utility installed to read it ( sqlite version 3 for example ) . on linux you would do something like sudo yum install sqlite -y sqlite3 someapp . db and it will open the database and you can issue all your sql commands from there . keep in mind some apps go through lengths to " hide " or otherwise make their database impossible for average-joe to access and get into . edit : also , on android specifically there is an app in the market ( paid , like $3 i think ) called " sqlite editor " that allows you to browse all found sqlite databases on the phone and edit them if desired .
you will also need root access . without root you will not be able to get into the apps ' database folders . if you download the adroid sdk you can connect your phone/tablet via usb and run sqlite via the adb shell .
you could use adb and transfer using the adb pull/push commands . not sure of what distro of linux you are using , but i found this that says mtp is packaged and available for ubuntu though a package called mtp-tools . also note that this is not specific to android 3 . x/4 . x , this is true for any devices that run 3 . x/4 . x that lack an external sdcard . if the device has an sdcard slot , you will be able to mount the device like in previous versions of android .
working mtp on ubuntu for galaxy nexus , nexus 7 and acer a500 where to start . i found some instructions for the nexus 7 ( which i had just brought ) on this site ubuntu 12.04 - automount nexus 7 in mtp mode . all credit to the author of that page for figuring it out . the instructions i have below come from this site , are trimmed to the commands , if you want more explanation see the above site . i used ubuntu 12.10 , and have configured for my nexus 7 , galaxy nexus and acer a500 . instructions configure fuse change /etc/fuse . conf so its read by all . . # sudo chmod a+r /etc/fuse.conf  edit /etc/fuse . conf to remove the comment # from user_allow_other so the default fuse . conf will look like compile and install go_mtp create mount point ( s ) setup udev rules use your favourite editor and create the following file ( remove any other android udev rules you might have experimented with first ) . # sudo vi /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules  paste in the following contents . you can remove rules you do not need , the two nexus devices appear to have the same ids for the bootloader and recovery . note : you need to replace #yourlogin# with your username/login . note : if you used gedit and you have edited the file , you need to remove 99-android . rules~ as udev will get upset . . next , restart udev # sudo service udev restart  edit /etc/fstab finished . you can now connect your devices and the internal storage will be available for use , you should remember to un-mount before disconnecting though it does not seem to do any harm . . note : it seems that the env{id_model} for the nexus 7 changed to nexus_7 at some point ( i think with the android 4.2 update ) . . from http://www.winters.org.nz/android-hints-tips-stuff/working-mtp-on-ubuntu
i will expand idea of ryan conrad : adb from android-tools is the way . i prefer to follow this guide to install eclipse with android-sdk : http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html installation depends only on jdk . no installing of new packages . i personally do the same few steps ( =extracting two folders anywhere and configuring eclipse ) in the same manner on ubuntu , mint or debian distributions and all is just working . after completing this classical guide i have two new folders : eclipse and android-sdks . in the android-sdks folder . /platform-tools/adb is the path to adb tool , which can be used to push ( upload ) and pull ( get ) files from android device—without mtpfs or additional mounts . as adb is command-line program , it can be automated in a jiffy . moreover , you have eclipse 's file explorer view , which provides nice graphical tree filestructure and basic drag-and-drop interface ( do not forget to select your device in the devices view first ! ) . the big shortcoming of this method is that only adb tool sees the device and can access it . the rest of my system , including nautilus for example , still not sees the device . but after getting used to stability and robustness of adb that is not the issue for me .
you can use bluetooth . bluetooth ftp ( file transfer profile ) is supported by linux and there is the bluetooth file transfer app that adds this functionality to android . it is however not that fast ( &lt ; 200kb/s ) depending on your bluetooth versions . – there is a fuse module called obexfs , here 's my nexus s mounted : some file explorers support it via plugins directly ( nautilus/gnome/kde/ . . . ) here are some ubuntu related obex questions .
well , there is a very useful tool , its name is " wifi file transfer " . just download it from play store on your android device and install it . it turns your android mobile on a mini server that allows you to download and upload files from and to your phone .
mpfs is a fuse based file-system that can mount the nexus on your system . mtpfs -o allow_other /media/MOUNTPOINT  will mount it for you . to unmount simply umount /media/mountpoint
another option is webdav . setting up an android webdav server on my stock nexus 7 , i installed webdav server , opened it , clicked on the start button and was immediately able to see my /storage/sdcard folder in my web browser at the url displayed by the application , i.e. http://192.168.x.y:8080 note that with webdav server , you also have the option of selecting root ( / ) or dcim as well as sdcard as the webdav root . using the webdav server via nautilus in nautilus i selected " connect to server . . . " from the file menu , selected " webdav ( http ) " , entered 192.168.x.y as the server and 8080 as the port and clicked on connect . navigating through the directory hierarchy is slower than accessing other network shares , but not unreasnable . copying a single 42mb file via nautilus took around 12 seconds , so 3.6mb/s . mounting a webdav drive from the command line i installed davfs2 and mounted my share as /mnt using the command : sudo mount -t davfs http://192.168.x.y:8080 /mnt  copying the same 42mb file but with more precise timing , took 12.88s or 3.24mb/s . $ time cp music.fsb /tmp real 0m12.880s user 0m0.002s sys 0m0.143s  caveats webdav access is not secure . even if you set a password on the webdav share , the connection is still http not https , so it is not encrypted . only use webdav on a secure wifi network and certainly do not enable the webdav server while you are in an internet cafe or other unsecured wifi .
you can use the ftp protocol at usb cable speed with this app ( not that it requires having adb , but after you have set up adb connecting/transferring is quick and painless , and you can even view the files in your favorite file manager . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.theolivetree.ftpserver instructions are in the play store description .
you could also try mtpfs or gmtp . mtpfs allows to mount the mtp device as a filesystem , while gmtp is a standalone program . over at askubuntu there is an answer that shows how to use mtpfs .
unfortunately , you can not . the list of available languages is a system configuration option that affects the voice search app , but can also be used by other apps , and by design is not intended to be updated that often . google assumes that a user sets the desired language and performs actions based on it , as one tends to use the native language to perform such actions , the list is supposed to contain as much available languages as possible . from the recent post on the google blog announcing 13 additional languages for voice search , it is mentioned : note that you can only speak one language into the app at a time , and you may need to change your language settings to use one of these new languages . the list itself is extensive as to allow developers to provide support according to their target users , and as mentioned , to allow users to select their own desired language . a workaround would be to have a custom rom limited to the desired languages .
yup using root is the only way to go . all other groups or username are locked in userland of android by a technique known as sandboxing . this is security feature implemented at the core so you will need to rework android if you still want to succeed .
i have solved my own problem today and i would like to provide the solution for others that might encounter it . the actual internal memory for this phone should amount to exactly 0,96 gb or close to that . i got aware of this comparing my phone to another one from the same model . i first tried formatting the flash memory ( or mass memory ) on my phone , but to no avail . so i tried doing a reset and it solved the issue . to do this : go to settings . choose privacy . select factory data reset or the corresponding example in your native language . wait for the phone to do its thing . you should see some code/script running on the screen . now wait . when everything is loaded and you configured the minimum settings , open the application task manager . you should be able to see the correct size .
many people have that kind of problem and i have the same one . i finally figured out and it works great . i have a galaxy tab 7 but many android devices will experience that . there are 2 important folders . the /system has a lot of system stuff . the one called /data is actually not really just data but it is where android install the application apk and some of the data related to it . if you force the apk to install on sd card , it will still use some of the /data space ( small amount ) for some data . be aware that there is a confusing " sdcard " name usage . most android devices have a " sdcard " that is an internal flash configured like an sd card but the real external sd card is often named external_sd or something along those line . the problem i discovered is in /data/tombstone , you will find 10 files named tombstone_0# . these are debugging info collected by android or at least that is what i found googling it . you want that if you want to debug applications and need longer information than " logcat " . but , you do not need that for a normal user . delete all of them . these 4 files were using 1.4gb of my 1.89gb internal tablet storage . to do so , you will need to root your device . yes , you must . and it will not explode do not worry , i have done it and many others too ! then get a program like " root explorer " to browse and delete the junk . it will request and be granted root privilege if you rooted your device before and you will be able to do whatever you want . to root your device , just google " root android my device model " and you should find quickly how to root your device .
as of v1.11 ( possibly before ? ) , the app itself now contains the changelist . just press the menu button , hit more , hit settings , and scroll down .
after you posted this i got curious too but i could not find a change log . i emailed amazon support and asked what changed and where i could find a release log and here 's what they said : unfortunately we do not have a change log detailing the changes made between versions of the amazon appstore app . i will forward your feedback on to the appstore team who will take them into consideration . customer feedback like yours is what allows us to continue to improve and provide a quality product and experience . if you have any other feedback please let us know via email or at 1-866-749-7771 thanks for contacting amazon . this is actually the most direct answer i have gotten . i have emailed them a couple other questions and got boilerplate responses that looked like they were for different questions .
i asked a similar question . as a workaround , you can use the data profile feature of titanium backup pro with the analytics app .
this is a member of the viber r and d team . i am here to assist : ) viber has an " exit " option , inside the " more " tab . after choosing this option , viber should shut down completely , and not leave a process running . it can still stay available for calls and texts with the help of the c2dm service , that " awakens " viber upon incoming calls and texts .
this is not possible , since viber needs to be running in order to receive calls which are routed via viber . if you shut down the background process , you can not be reached via viber . the exit button just means it closes the ui , but keeps listening for calls in the background .
the app will not access any services account . some apps need this permission because they need to open a new account from their app .
i found this example in android api of what can be done using that permission . from my understanding as a developer , this means access to everything . once a user has an account 's token , he can access any services accounts offers : facebook 's stream , google 's emails - everything .
android has a centralized system for managing credentials for online services ( such as your google account ) . one component is called the AccountManager . some apps can " act as an account authenticator " . this means that they understand how to log into a particular online service , and can log in to that service for the AccountManager . other apps want to use that login information to identify you or perform actions on your behalf , without you having to enter your password every time . example : logging into google your phone has a built-in app that " acts as an account authenticator " for your google account . it knows how to log into google , and it has the email and password you entered when you set up the phone . there is also a youtube app , which wants to log in to show your favourite videos , and to let you comment , but without having to enter your email and password again . this youtube app talks to the AccountManager and asks if it has any credentials for a google account . asking this question requires the " find accounts on the device " permission . the AccountManager has a list of authenticators installed on the phone , which it consults to answer this question . if it does have any credentials , the app will then ask for what is known as an authtoken for the google account . this request requires the " use accounts on the device " permission . the AccountManager then asks you if you want the requesting app ( youtube ) to be able to use the requested account ( google account ) . this might be in a dialog that appears over the app , or in a notification . alternatively , the app can choose to do nothing if you have not already answered yes to this question : it might want to ask later at a more convenient time . this step ensures that an app with the " use accounts on the device " permission can not immediately use every account without asking . if you say yes , the AccountManager forwards the request to the authenticator ( the built-in google app ) . what happens next is up to the authenticator and the particular service you are logging into . you might need to log in if you have not previously done that , and logging in might require a username and password , a photo , an sms , or something else entirely . whatever the authenticator does , it can either fail , or give an authtoken back to the requesting app . further checks the authenticator and the online service can also control what actions the requesting app can perform . for example , when you connect an app to your google account , google lists permissions the app needs ( such as " upload videos " for youtube ) . thus , the app can only do the actions listed . however , some services might not have anything like that ; for such a service , once you have allowed the app to use your credentials , it can take any action in your name . once the requesting app has obtained the authtoken , it can continue to use it to perform actions in your name without any further interaction from you . that is , once you have agreed that dan 's twitter client can post to your twitter feed , it might run in the background and post further tweets without you knowing . you should only grant the app access to your credentials if you trust it not to do that . summary an app with the " use accounts on the device " permission can , once installed , ask you to access an online service ( such as google , facebook , or twitter ) in your name . you can choose to let it access the service or not . if you do let it access the service , what actions it can take on your behalf might be limited by the service ( it is up to the service ) , and the service might let you revoke that permission later ( usually through a list of " connected apps " on the service 's website ) .
there are some alternative front-ends to the google play store , like appbrain , androidzoom that use a totally different search engine , and index apps differently , you may have different results if you search on there for your apps . see also this previous question for some more info : what are the alternative android app markets ?
try combined search words to narrow down the result list . if you e.g. look for an alarm reminder , " alarm reminder " gives you 1.000+ results -- while " alarm-reminder " ( note the " minus " replacing the space ) shrinks it to 48 , relating to both terms ( and not just either one of them ) . sometimes also the rules from google 's main search engine apply here ( i could not yet figure out when they do and when they do not ) . so " alarm +reminder " should list only apps whose name/description contains both terms -- while " alarm -reminder " should list only those containing " alarm " but not " reminder " . as said , this works sometimes , while the first rule mentioned seems to work always . i just tested it , and surprisingly even some more advanced keywords work : " clock +intitle:alarm " really lists only apps having " alarm " in their name ( and " clock " in their name or description ; though this i did not verify completely ) . i suspect the playstore search is just a " customized google search " -- so you might play with other " tipps and tricks " from its " big brother " .
in the settings of the gmail app there is a setting called " email notifications " . uncheck that setting , and you should stop getting notifications from it .
try this app : fb remap for htc chacha
is impossible for you to attempt to make the change withouth the device been rooted . according to xda developers thread , you need to go into your system folder located in your root , to change the keyboard layout file located here : /system/usr/keylayout/[devicename]-keypad.kl .
try facebook button for htc chacha or its lite version . it is a normal standard-abiding android application , which installs from the market , does not require any hacks , and works on unrooted devices — so it'll keep you warranty safe . feel free to check also its support thread on xda-developers .
you need to do a factory reset via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory Data Reset ( this may be under a different menu on newer versions of android . ) factory reset formats your device , erasing all 3rd-party installed apps and their settings . it also dis-associates your accounts ( google , or any others you may have added ) from the device , removing any synced contacts . you may also wish to format your sd card if you are giving it along with the phone . apps , books , music and videos that you purchased via google play store are tied to your google account . you will be able to re-download them to your new android device after signing in with your google account .
install the official dailymotion app from play store . click the download button as seen on the picture below . ( left of hd )
there should be no real " requirements " for launchers - as long as they could be downloaded to your phone they should work . maybe one ore more functions could be slower on older devices if the hardware is not really new , but the base functions should just work . . .
there are a couple of ways to temporarily disable the pin . one that i use is an app called unlock with wifi . basically , as long as my device is on my home wi-fi network , the pin to unlock is disabled . as soon as i leave home with it , thus disconnecting from my wi-fi , the pin lock is re-enabled . ( the free version only lets you connect to one home network . )
install catlog to check what is happening at the time of unlocking . without logs , its hard to tell how to fix it . factory reset is the last option ( not applicable if your firmware is broken ) . if factory reset is unable to fix it or you do not want to do factory reset , install third-party apps which could turn off data by renaming apn . i would recommend widgetsoid for it . after installing it , add Data Toggle widget on homescreen and choose APN Renaming as data toggle method from its settings . the bug can not by-pass it , for sure .
i had same issue i think . when you power off in gingerbread you get a power off popup confirmation screen . one of the other options shown will reset packet data . if you hit that by accident it will restore the packet data connection . there is an alternative way to stop 3g rather than turning packet data off but its pretty permanent for the mobile network you use .
maybe a factory reset will solve the problem , or if your phone is rooted and you have a custom recovery , then clear the dalvik cache .
to remove it , click on the three vertical dots on the top-right of your screen . then , go to settings . scroll down to " priority senders " and unmark the tick box . hope it helps .
you can not get the old popup back , but sparx 's suggestion is correct : if you double-tap the app , it has the same effect as clicking " just once " . hopefully this is quick and easy enough that the new-style chooser does not annoy you any more .
google cloud pint is what you need . it easily connects your normal printers to the cloud and saves them in your cloud printers list . you can the print any document from anywhere in the world by just logging in to your google account and giving the print command from google drive or google chrome . for android there is an official app by google : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.cloudprint
the method your are describing does not seem possible , you are trying to have your photos printed as they arrive to your computer ! what you can do is to print data directly from your android device to a printer : print directly from an android device with the right wi-fi or bluetooth printer that are available to the device . print to a printer connected to a computer , by using the google 's free cloud print technology : google cloud print google cloud print is a new technology that connects your printers to the web . using google cloud print , you can make your home and work printers available to you and anyone you choose , from the applications you use every day . google cloud print works on your phone , tablet , chromebook , pc , and any other web-connected device you want to print from . requirements : you will need to have a computer where the printer is connected to , with google chrome installed and connected to the google cloud print service , in order to have it receiving files from your devices . printer connected and installed on your os ; google chrome installed ; cloud print set up on google chrome ; logged on with the same user as your device . setup the computer : launch google chrome ; access the menu ( icon in the upper-right corner ) ; select " settings" ; on the settings page , scroll down until your see " show advanced settings . . . " and click it ; keep scrolling down until you find the " google cloud print " section : the available options may vary , but usually you will see a " add printers " or a " manage print settings " button . the first will add your installed printers to the list . the second will allow you to see what printers are there . start printing from your android device : to start printing what you want you will need to install the following app : cloud print description with cloud print for android you can : print from any compatible android device to any google cloud print connected printer share a picture or a document from apps like gallery directly to cloud print track the status of your print jobs printing from android has never been easier . you open the document , photo , etc on your device and access the " share " options , where you will find the " cloud print " option . links : cloud print - google play store google cloud print homepage pcworld - answer line : how to print from android tabletpc review - how to print from a tabet : google cloud print and android solutions lifehacker - add wireless printing to your android phone with cloud print
the message is basically telling you that you do not have the correct bootloader version on your device ; specifically , you most likely have an older ics bootloader rather than the jelly bean one . you can read a bit about this on cyanogenmod 's google+ page , and the cm wiki page for the s3 succinctly notes : going forward , cm10.1 is no longer compatible with ics bootloaders on this device . please update or else you will get assert failures in recovery . you will need to upgrade to a newer bootloader . this carries some amount of risk since it is one of the few instances where you could potentially brick a device , but the risk is still generally pretty small . i found links to the newer at and t bootloader on xda that will work with cm 10.1 . you can flash them using odin or heimdall by following these instructions : go here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=41503727postcount=13716 put phone into download mode and then open odin . choose the pda slot and then select the correct file for your device ( at and t is lk3 ) hit start and wait until its finished . done
i ended up following the instructions here and was then able to update to 10.1.3rc2 . no need to install odin or heimdall on your computer : )
you could probably use on {x} for this . you should be able to configure it so that it sends a tweet the first time you unlock your phone each day . i have not used it much myself though so can not tell you exactly how . another possible option would be using tasker .
as a user of tweetcaster pro , which can do this for you ! there is a facility , to schedule tweets , at a designated user 's time of their choice , as well into the future : see screenshots below , notably post later : but having said that , i normally do not answer to questions asking for recommendations as they are off-topic , please read the [ faq ] .
the smartphone 's wifi turned out to be spoofed .
have you searched xda developers ' forums ? they are my number 1 goto for rooting and custom rom resources . rooting , depending on how you do it , can be risky so it is important to know what you are doing . in my opinion , your best bet is a custom rom , stock generally leaves a lot to be desired . the process is different for each manufacturer and rom . remember that the above mentioned will void your warranty , and always to read before you take any action . good luck .
changing the default language to non hebrew should solve the problem . i know that may be a pain , but the only other option then is to manually change it . these areas of the email messages are " populated " and use the device language to get the values to use .
downloading and installing an app that contains malware . that is all . if you do not want malware on your phone , just do not install malware on your phone . that means:- when you click install on google play ( or another app store ) , check the permissions . if the app asks for permissions you were not expecting , do not install it . it is commonplace for malware authors to upload fake apps that appear to be popular or trendy games or apps , but are in fact imitations that install or contain malware . google is pretty good at taking them down these days , but they still appear for a while . genuine software vendors are happy to explain why they need each permission they ask for , so if you are not sure , check if the app description has a plausible explanation , and/or contact the vendor . if you are visiting a website and it unexpectedly downloads an apk ( an android app package ) , do not install it . just delete the file . do not install apps from warez sites . there used to be a lot of ' reputable ' warez on windows , that actually were the software they claimed to be , but on android most of the warez sites are just viruses with different names . if you are not expecting to install apps from apk files you got elsewhere , go into the settings , in the security section , and turn off installing apk files from unknown sources . you can always turn it on again when you need to . apart from that , on android you still need to apply the usual security precautions you had take with websites and emails to avoid phishing attacks and scams . check who the sender is , check what domain you are looking at or what domain the link points to . even if a message appears to be from someone you know or an organisation you trust , it could be malware posing as them , so think about whether you had expect them to send this message .
the term " brick " usually refers to the stone , which means : " device can only be used as paper-weight " . taken literally , there is no way to " unbrick " . however , you also find terms like " hard-brick " and " soft-brick " used , which makes the term " brick " less absolute : a soft-brick is something you easily can recover from ( count it as a " temporary paper-weight" ) , mostly by software-based solutions ( e . g . re-flash your phone ) -- while a " hard-brick " is rather meant in the way the original term points to . still , technically spoken , even a " hard-bricked " device could be " unbricked " -- but mostly this is more expensive then getting a new device . as for the warranty declaration you quoted : for a normal user , it is almost impossible to ( hard- ) brick his device . even when flashing a custom rom , this can rarely happen , as there are many security-layers involved . almost always you can boot your device into some fall-back mode where it is at least recognized by some " flashing software " , so you could simply flash another/the original firmware back . which means , the risk you are taking is to " soft-brick " your device 1 . a " hard-brick " is quite unlikely with " normal operations " like rooting or flashing custom roms . see also : wikipedia : brick rootzwiki : brick 1 i just learned : " unless you have got a samsung device and used the software recommended by samsung " . so better do not use kies etc . , but rather odin , just to give an example .
brick is a much-hyped word that gets bandied about with-out understanding what it is . there is two types of brick , hard and soft . lets go through this to make the distinction clearer . hard this is where the handset will absolutely refuse to boot at the press of the power button . diagnostics : dead screen , no power . that is the symptom of a hard brick . reason : this can happen by inadvertently pulling the cable when flashing a rom or even an update via the handset 's supporting software such as samsung kies , sony 's pc companion suite etc . that is the worst case , that is why in this scenario , always , make , sure that no cable gets pulled unless told so by the supporting software in question . the other way is this , flashing in that manner when the battery power is low . hence for that reason , it is recommended to have at least 75% of battery power in place prior to doing the update in that fashion . its known as hard-brick , and requires specialist cables and stripping the device down to the circuitary board to revive it via jtag cables . soft - this can happen through a bad flashing of the rom in which yields the following . diagnostics : it has power when the power button is pressed , and/or , the screen comes on . reason : it can be a user error on this part . for example , failing to clear/wipe the data/cache , can cause android to go into a boot-loop because of the mis-matches with the android 's virtual machine and the apps installed , or more than likely , a corrupted dalvik cache . the other , is flashing a rom that is not designated for the handset which can cause the kernel to go into a boot-loop . this is generally easier to fix , but hangs , that is known as a soft-brick . with those two separate forms of brick , it is generally speaking , a scare-mongering tactic . the one pure simple reason why carriers do not recommend unlocking the boot-loader , is not just for the warranty . its more down to the fact , if the handset ever gets stolen , then unlocking the boot-loader will wipe everything , and re-initialize the handset to factory state , thereby all your contacts , call logs , messages and apps gets wiped cleanly . also , this is to reduce the amount of support in the carriers , with people calling in or ringing up the technical support , " what happened with my handset - i did something and lost my contacts ? " just to finish off this answer , you can revert it back , by re-locking the boot-loader at a later stage if you wish , that is in the event the hardware got damaged and hand it back in for repairs .
i think it'is a very easy question to answer your device do not found the recovery partition when you flash are you leave original schema partition intact ? no ? i hope you have a backup . . . . . az2012
you will not find this setting in android 's gmail app , but on the gmail mobile site ( accessed via browser ) it is here :
this was an issue with cm7 builds up until 7.0.2 after which it was fixed .
yeah that seems odd . . . i remember having the exact same issue however i figured out that it was the downloaded firewall application ( great app to control your data usage btw ) just " denying " access to the media component from within youtube . see if you got such apps around your system ? ? ( the firewall suggestion is basically for rooted phones )
have you heard of openstreetmap ? openstreetmap is a croudsource map database where users create a free service to use for navigation purposes . there are many android apps available that allow you to use openstreetmap maps to display many different things . you can import a variety of different map types , as well as use different programs , such as josm , to create these maps and routes to import to your choice of android application . you can even help by contributing new roads and updating existing information .
osmand is available on google play that allows navigating along a saved gps log ( in . gpx format ) . you can export your google maps route ( from maps.google.com ) using http://www.elsewhere.org/journal/gmaptogpx/ to . gpx format . push the . gpx to your phone ( via bluetooth , email or usb ) to /sdcard/osmand/tracks/ folder ( important ! osmand only searches for . gpx files in this folder ) . this is however not very straightforward and requires some steps . . . but i have used it for preparing motorcycle routes offline in advance for example . in osmand then : download your desired offline maps ( the basic version allows 3 free downloads ) and in the map view do : menu button -> navigate -> gpx -> choose your exported . gpx osmand is free software it is also possible to get it free of charge from f-droid . org 's app store , but please support the author if you like it .
nexus 5 is pretty easy to correct that issue just find a working cm kernel . . . this ones kinda nice : http://forum.xda-developers.com/google-nexus-5/development/kernel-bum-5-t2774572 boot to recovery . " adb push [ your new kernel file here . zip ] /sdcard/ then wait . . . flash the new kernel . zap the dalvik cache . as they say " profit " . . .
resolved : using this ( http://android-revolution-hd.blogspot.ca/2013/12/how-to-copy-rom-zip.html ) then flashing the zip uploaded to the device . note : if your cellular stops working or glitches out re-flash the stock radio ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2513701 ) or completely re-flash stock then you are free to continue roming !
problems after dropping the phones typically come from two reasons : physical damage brown out ( unclean voltage drop ) the voltage drop may temporarily lock up the circuit , so you could take out the battery for some time to let it properly reset . else inspect the connector springs if they are bent and measure the battery voltage , try a spare battery , etc .
no one answered my question , but i found the answer . i earned a badge tumbleweed . . lol because , battery drivers do not implement the same .
their website does not say that you need to be rooted to use it . just need a nzb file and a usenet account .
you could try picsel smart office . it handles pdfs natively , and zooming is quite easy . disclosure : i work for picsel .
there is also documents to go which is a suite - allows for viewing / editing of ms office docs . pdf support as well . no conversion needed . an additional plus point is that the paid version integrates with google docs online allowing a user to view and edit your files from your google docs account directly in docs to go . any changes you make can be saved and synchronized back to google docs so that you will always have the most up-to-date version . you can even create new files in docs to go and upload them immediately to your account .
the answer is most likely that your polaroid tablet is not licensed to use google play . there are a number of requirements that must be met before google licenses its app store for use on a tablet . some of it has to do with software compatibility tests that pass or fail for the device . this is from the polaroid tablet faq : http://www.polaroid.com/faqs/tablet-faqs/i-cannot-use-google-play-store-why it says : " our tablets are not licenced with googleplay store as of yet . . . " i am not sure how old that faq message is , though , as it goes on to suggest that tablets do not need google play but smart phones do . weird . it also says that you can use amazon 's app store . there is also this link which goes over how to install google play on a polaroid tablet . i do not know how good it is , but it might work for you . . . http://www.the-digital-reader.com/2012/04/07/how-to-install-google-apps-gplay-etc-on-polaroi-pmid701 i am not sure why any android device manufacturer would not include google play . my guess is it requires a fee to license it from google . but supposedly it costs nothing to run their open source compatibility test to prove their devices are compatible with google play . there may also be other legal issues , especially with regards to different regions , content distribution and encryption .
does it have other google apps like gmail , google maps , etc ? if not then the tablet is stripped off the google apps . if you find other apps then you might want to confirm if the app has not been disabled in settings . settings-> apps-> all
i would keep the phone rooted , with the sale option of restoring to stock rom ( if that is what the customer wants ) . or you can give the phone back with a stock rom with root . clockwork should let you do that . make sure you factory reset the phone before you give it to them ( rooted or not ) and format the sd card too .
if i was buying a used device , i would expect that a factory reset would have been done to it . either way , i would probably do a factory reset myself anyway , just because . unless , of course , i rather wanted a rooted phone . i think a factory reset is the better option . you would not want someone to stumble upon some of your personal data . in any event , it is best to make sure the buyer knows exactly what they are getting .
ivona voice sounds the best hands down ( especially amy and the new not yet on android salli voice ) . works great on all apps for me . sadly , whenever i reboot phone , ivona no longer works . only fix is to reinstall the whole thing which is a total pita . i still do it though cause it sounds so much better then any of the other choices .
if it is possible , you can update to jelly bean ( regular or via mod ) . android 4.1 comes with a new google tts engine that sounds very natural and imho tops svox classic ( at least the german voice as of q3/2012 ) . included languages so far are : english ( us or uk accent ) spanish french italian german
i use svox classic , it is rather natural and comes with many languages , you can even choose between different speakers ( male/female/ . . . ) for some languages . drawback : it is not free , each language costs around 3eur . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.svox.classic
an update might include a new radio-firmware ( see : what is radio firmware ? ; basically you can think of it as the " hardware-layer " or an api to give the installed ( android ) system access to the hardware ) , which is not included with a nandroid backup . it could also include a " recovery-image " ( see : recovery-mode ) , which you did not include with your backup . for the latter , you could simply include it with your nandroid backup . the radio-image is a different thing : i know of no method to extract/backup it from a given device . you could , however , check which radio version is currently installed with your device , and see if you can get a " ruu " ( radio unit update ) specifically for that .
usb otg is actually both - hardware and software dependent . for example , the hardware may have the otg specification , but the phone software restricts the use of otg .
yes , usb on-the-go requires special hardware on the host device , as well as the appropriate kernel drivers and drivers for all the usb peripheral profiles you need to connect .
yes , usb otg requires capable hardware , software on which it is enabled and the right drivers . for example , the nexus-series of google do not allow usb otg from software-side . however , if you are rooted ( and the hardware would support it ) it is an easy way to enable it . chainfire made an application which enables/disables usb otg . this only works , if your hardware would support usb you can find it on google play
you can use smart shortcuts ( lets you organize applications and bookmarks in folders using tags ) , of the astro file manager , which let you add shortcuts to folders of the filesystem .
i am not sure of the motorola methodology for answering or ignoring a call , but on my samsung , merely touching the green or red button is insufficient ; it requires a swipe to convey the intention . i believe this was re-engineered to prevent accidental accepts or hangups through a mere button press . the green button has green arrows and a swipe in the arrow direction from the button will accept the call . the same with the ignore swipe along the red arrows from the red button to indicate the call should go to voicemail . update : searching the droid forums , i see that motorola uses the same functionality for call answering , but many users would like to see the functionality changed to just a button press . perhaps you are an advocate of the same technique . see this forum for suggestions others have made to change the functionality somehow through app replacement : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/android-app-developers/37743-button-answer-call-instead-swipe.html
superoneclick , and other one click root methods use a rootkit exploit that has been patched in the newer versions of android . to root the newer versions of android , a new exploit is needed . you would have to find a way to install the binaries , and set the permissions . this can be done using the stock recovery - it just needs to be signed correctly , and as such , could be quite difficult . other ways include flashing a custom boot.img file using the bootloader . if your device does not come with a flashable bootloader then you are really out of options sorry .
update original stock rom of callbar mobiles is available on following official link . millions of thanks to company 's sales head officer in my country to whom i talked on mobile . he was kind enough to spare his precious time and guided me to download stockrom and flash it properly . without naming him on this public portal , i would like to tell that he is great person . there are 3 stock roms for models callbar a1 , callbar a2 and callbar tab7 available under the modem driver download section . the rar file includes all tools and software required for flashing . here is the link http://www.callbar.in/kingmove.html go in details for how to use ' researchdownload ' software to flash the rom .
uc browser is the only popular android browser i have found to support swipe navigation ( i.e. . one-finger dragging from left or right side slides to previous/next page without refreshing ) . swiping only works adequately in fit-to-screen mode , but even though it is not as smooth as safari , it does the job . : )
xscope browser can do this . you can also set the swipe from bezel like ios .
this has happen to me with some apps . . . did you lost your imei ? i mean , maybe in the process of rooting , sim-unlocking , rom updating your phone , etc . . . you did something wrong and " lost your imei " . it seems having an imei of 004999010640000 indicates so . at least this happened to me with my galaxy s ( i9000 ) some apps seem to uniquely identify a user by imei . if you have this 004999010640000 imei you are now part of a club of hundreds with that exact same wrong imei . so someone who also " lost his imei " might have registered to those apps before . this happened to me with openfeint for example . to check your imei go to settings > about phone > status
i would expect tts and asr to be very memory-intensive as they process input ( which needs to be stored and transformed ) and generate output . so slow memory would probably be a limiting factor with a fast cpu . there should also be a little i/o -- loading voice samples for comparison and playback -- but i would not expect it to be as much of an issue . i can not get any more specific since i do not know how the default engine works ( i suspect few people outside google do ) . you might get a better answer on stackoverflow , since this is more of a question about the specifics of an algorithm and not really about android use .
if you can get into the bootloader , you can issue a fastboot -w command which will erase all data - this normally solved boot loops . if not , you should be able to install a new rom using the same bootloader ( fastboot ) , you just need the system . img file ( make sure you issue a fastboot -w command before you flash , however ) . i believe that this pink screen you talk of could be the fastboot/bootloader mode you need to issue the above commands - you just need the fastboot . exe file , as well as the . dll files that come with adb . exe .
i had the same problem with my y200 . go to huaweidevice . com and download the firmware . extract the folder downloaded and copy it to the sd card . insert the sd card into the phone . press vol up and down key at the same time + power button , then a message installing package comes up . then wait until the phone reboots . that is how its done
official gmail app uses accounts , provided by android , so it is impossible . only if you will use some patched version , what will use private accounts , it possible .
it may be the link to the play store was lost . i think if you install an app from , say , the amazon app store , google play will not be able to update or uninstall it , as the link is gone . similarly , restoring an app from a previous rom backup may not create that link . titanium backup can recreate the links ( the free version can can not do this ) . or you could uninstall the app and try installing it fresh from google play .
here 's what i need to do : 1st step : launch the settings app , scroll to the bottom , and tap about phone . 2nd step : in the middle of the screen is the listing for android version . tap this item until you see a jelly bean appear on your screen . you can then tap and hold the giant jelly bean until your device vibrates . you should then see interactive beans floating all over your screen . and yes , you can fling them . go ahead , try it . 3rd step : after doing , this the beanflinger daydream will be unlocked . you can find the daydream option by going to settings > display > daydream . hope it will help to all of the users facing this same kind of problem .
go to Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Daydream and select your desired daydream . after this , tap When to daydream and select when you want it to work . now , when you charge/dock the device , leave the screen on and after a while , the daydream will start . for me , this required me not to lock the screen manually by pressing the power button , and disabling Stay awake from Developer options .
tap Android version from Settings -&gt; About Phone for the few times until big jelly bean appears . then touch and hold this big jelly bean . now , you can see several small jelly beans moving on the screen . finally , you can see BeanFinger option on Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Daydream .
not all calendars are allowed to sync with the google calendar app - examples of this are nfl schedule calendars . any calendar that are not in the xml format will not sync . i remember seeing a warning about some of the interesting calendars not being able to be synced with my phone when i first set some of them up . here is post with a work around on how to get them on your phone - if this is your issue : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=70374da8b32c29e4hl=en
this is probably due to the calendars not being in the right format . some calendars added from within google calendar is only in htmlformat ( especially the sport calendars i think ) . you can check the calender formats by pressing the down arrownext to the calendar name and select Calendar settings . on the page opened you can see the calender formats under calendar addresses . i fixed the problem by removing the calendar and adding it through the team homepage .
if your android is not root , you can try another pc program called backuptans android sms + mms transfer . connected your phone to computer via usb or wifi and then click the backup button to save messages on computer . and yes , mms restoring from computer to android is supported . tested with my galaxy s3 . ps : it also can work for an android phone with broken screen . just make sure your have enabled usb debugging on device first .
titanium backup should be able to backup and restore both sms and mms messages ( requires root ) . launch it and select the " messages " item from the backup/restore menu :
swiping down on the left side of the screen should bring down the notification window shade and swiping down on the right side of the screen should bring down the new " quick settings " window shade which has the settings icon and some other handy settings easily available . as far as the screen adjusting , this is known as auto-rotate and can be changed in the quick settings as well ( shown below ) . notification shade : quick settings shade :
if the sound is what you do not like , on some phones the sound can be turned off by disabling usb debugging . Settings -> Applications -> Development -> USB debugging . however , on some other phones , this will not change the sound that gets played when you plug it in . to actually remove the notification , as previously mentioned , you will need a custom rom to do that for you . [ update ] another option to disable the sound is to go into your sounds settings and set the default notification ringtone to silent and then go to each and every one of your applications that you want to have ringtones in and individually set them up there . i do not recommend this option ( sure would be a pain if you forgot to set a ringtone to work email and missed an important one saying " we need you here asap or you are fired ! " ) , but it is an option nonetheless .
this is part of a core system in android . it can not be disabled unless you have a rom that allows you to disable it . i believe 6 . x versions of cyanogenmod have/had the option to disable it . i am not sure if your phone is supported , and i am not sure if that option is still there ( since my device does not have " official " support currently )
one option may be to go in with adb this can usually see the file system without much of an issue . so you can look into how to hook it up to your phone ( the link above will get you started ) , and once you are connected copy the files over command line . another possibly easier option would be to put a file explorer app on your phone and and transfer the files locally to another visible location on your phones file system . edit : this may be a bit of a weird one , but if you put this code : *#*#273283*255*663282*#*#* into your dialer , it should give a file copy screen which may give you the desired result . the code is from this post .
you can run a jar provided that is a midlet for mobile ( j2me ) there are some jvm available in the market . i used them a lot in the early days of my g1 for some " killer apps " ( opera mini , qq )
update 8/16/2011 minecraft pocket edition is now available in the google play store ! however it seems it will only be available for the sony ericsson 's xperia play . update engadget hands-on of the game here is a video from " sonyericssondev " showing minecraft being played on the xperia play update : it looks like minecraft mobile will be revealed at e3 2011 ( june 7-9 ) . however it will only be available on ' . . . sony ericsson 's playstation-certified xperia play ' at first and then sometime later available for other android devices . sources : gamersutra droidgamers previous posts below while it may not be possible right now , it looks like the developer will eventually bring minecraft to android . androidcentral engadget edit : i found a ' minedroid ' google code page today - i have not tried it myself but under " downloads " there is an apk that was release on feb 25th . i suggest looking at the wiki for instructions on installing and running . edit 2: i found droidcraft just a few minutes ago . while it is not true minecraft the describes it as an " android survival / crafting game inspired by minecraft " . i am downloading now to check it out . game website
i know nothing about minecraft but i can not see how it would be possible without rewriting big chunks of it . even if you can convert the jar to an . apk , there are many java classes that are not part of the android api . furthermore , android does not include awt , swing or java 2d/3d , it has its own ui and graphics apis , so the user interface would need to be rewritten .
android cannot just " run " native java applications . android does not have a java virtual machine . android uses a dalvik virtual machine , which is completely different . while android applications are written in java , it is a " subset " of actual java . so even if you could run the jar files through a " converter " , there is no guarantee the code is actually supported by dalvik .
you should first check which ip address ( and network ) your hotspot is using . from the command-line ( e . g . using a terminal app like android terminal emulator or adb shell ) you can figure this out with the command ifconfig wlan0  if you rather want to avoid the command line , or your device uses womething other than wlan0 for the interface and you want to avoid guessing , os monitor is an app which tells you all the necessary details for each interface as well . once you have found out the correct data , you can specify those on your laptop : use the ip of the interface for the gateway , and take network and mask accordingly .
do not go to google drive directly . gallery select the files you want to upload share ( icon like branch ) -now you choose google drive and folder . . . click ok and you are in business
firstly , this is assuming you have ics or higher ( not sure if the gallery works this way before then ) . if you open an album , you should be able to long-press on a photo , and then at the top of the screen , where it says 1 selected , press that and you can say ' select all ' . then upload them .
happened with me also . uncheck the strict mode setting and then reboot the device . dont forget to reboot . otherwise the settings ' change wont apply .
this is caused by the strict mode setting under the developer options . it flashes a red border around the screen when anything does a long operation on the main thread .
to connect any device to your galaxy s3 ( or any other host-capable android device ) , you need a otg host cable . without that host cable , the phone does not know it is supposed to act as the host rather than as a peripheral . this is an example of such a cable . most online retailers carry similar ones .
yes , you need an otg cable . the pin layout is different than a regular micro usb to usb cable ; essentially , it is equivalent to shorting pins 4 and 5 on a normal cable . this is what causes the phone to know that it needs to be the host rather than the slave . in fact , you can do this yourself if you are handy with electronics and have a cable you do not mind taking apart , though they are also readily available at many online retailers ( amazon , newegg , monoprice , etc ) .
one workaround for this seems to be to add a variable state check as additional context for the profile - then adjusting that variable to a different value and back triggers the check . seems like a rather silly way to do it , though . : )
add a time context to your profile . there is a repeat option ( check box ) .
make sure the wi-fi router is not banning you . wi-fi routers have a setting to allow/deny specific mac addresses which could be used by your brother ( to tease you ) . if you are allowed to connect with router , this means dhcp is not working for you . dhcp service automatically assign ips to devices in network . dhcp server on router could be corrected after reboot . it has assigned ip to your brother 's device , after all . if rebooting router does not work , it means that dhcp client in your device is not working properly to obtain ip . try turning off - on wi-fi , restart device . if its not a big matter , you may do factory reset , too . if it is also not working or you do not want to do factory reset , fix ip of device . on wi-fi settings screen , hit menu button and tap Advanced . from here , you can fix ip to device after ticking Use Static IP address . if you do not know ip addressing , grab your brother 's ip and change digit after last dot . make sure , no other device in network has that ip .
this feature is not available as of now . but you should frequently check the google now app page for such updates . this feature is available on siri though , but that is probably irrelevant right now . in the meantime , you can still get turn by turn navigation to take you home by saying " directions to home " . it would be a good app feature though .
you can search for a contact by saying " open contact " then the person 's name . takes it a few seconds but it shows name numbers and addresses . all of which allow you to tap to call , text or get directions directly from google now .
google now is an extension of the search function , so you could use the search voice function to issue a navigate command . however due to my accent i find that it causes issues . however you can navigate directly to a person via the contact app . when the contact app is open , search for contact you want ( you need to be in the contact tab , not the phone tab - favourites tab will work too ) . press on the person 's picture ( or icon if no picture ) - this will pop up an action bar of everything you can do with the contact , from phoning , e-mailing , facebook etc , and if you have an address for that person , by scrolling the action bar you should see the map icon , which if pressed provides their address in the action box . press the address , choose maps if it is not already your always use . if you have navigation set up to be your standard on the bubble bar press the navigation option , otherwise press on the bubble bar to bring up the address , and choose the navigation option . if directions only option , use that and when directions shows details to get there , use the navigation button on bottom right to go into it .
the update is cumulative , it will directly be upgraded to 4.4.3 unfortunately the latest update does not address that bug . source
the term " bluetooth headset " is very broad . different headsets support different bluetooth profiles . the most common profile is hsp ( used mainly for phone calls ) , which seems to be independent of the headphones jack you are referring to . so pairing your android device with a cheap headset that supports hsp only ( e . g . plantronics 242 ) will not affect audio routing to the headphones jack at all . your bluetooth headset and your android device will continue to operate in parallel , but each handling a different audio stream ( channel ) . if you are looking to disable the microphone only in your android phone , it seems that only a headset with an a2dp profile could be a possible solution . you may want to read at the following thread : sending bluetooth audio from the stereo ( a2dp ) to headset ( hsp ) profile
you can not use google maps in offline mode according to its description . there are some tutorials in the internet like these google maps offline but are not recommended as it lasts only for 30 days in your device according to the tutorial . so looking at alternatives we have this app called maps . me which is totally as good as google maps . i have this app for myself . try it .
if you pair you bluetooth headset , you can make and receive calls over it without a problem . if you want messages to be read to you , ( tts ) , install the handcent app and refer : http://www.handcent.com/faq.php#tag_speeksms
there should be a " downloads " app in your app drawer . open it to view your downloads . previous versions of android ( up to gingerbread , afaik , possibly honeycomb ) had a " downloads " option in the browser itself under Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Downloads , but it is possible this no longer exists on ics . alternatively , if you have a file manager they should be in /sdcard/download , i believe ( on ics this actually appears to have changed to /sdcard/Download with a capital ' d' ) . it can vary by device a bit , but generally it should be /&lt;whatever_your_"sdcard"_path_is&gt;/download .
i also have a samsung galaxy s2 , and experienced the same issue before . it is possible that the rom or the radio ( firmware ) has problems . if so , you should try to update them . i am now using a custom rom ( cyanogenmod , latest nightly ) , and have not encountered this issue so far .
i also have a sgs2 , and have had the same problem 2-3 times only . i turn on flight mode , and back . this solves the problem for me since it doesnt happen so ofthen . if you still have the problem after this , i would re install android to the newest version . either do it yourself , or go to a phone shop and pay 10$ or so for them to reinstall your phone . if this solves your problem , it was a cheap fix . if it did not work , you can go back to the phone shop where you bought the phone and make them fix it in guarantee . if you want to try to download and install an awesome rom for your phone , you should read this : http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices
app2sd does not move the entire app to sdcard , just parts of it . that is normal ( or rather " works-as-designed" ) , and no error on your end . please also see our apps2sd tag-wiki , where alternatives are listed along . note however that those alternatives require root access on the device . methods like link2sd are able to move the entire app ; data2sd and simple2ext can even move its data .
boot up your phone using power button and volume down button together . you will get something called hboot . now using your volume buttons , goto recovery mode listed on the screen . press the trackpad button to reach recovery mode .
well . . . finding an old package , looking at those files i discovered the answer . sometimes it takes very long to find it and the solution is simple . short answer you should also move " phonesky . apk " to /system/app/ folder and then restart your phone . summary download the latest play store . apk ( try for example android police ) : http://www.androidpolice.com/2014/03/13/download-latest-google-play-store-4-6-16-with-new-require-password-option-tweaked-ui-forced-self-update-and-more/ get the gapps . zip for your system : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/google_apps from this . zip , move these 4 files to your phone storage : " gmscore . apk " , " googleloginservice . apk " , " googleservicesframework . apk " and " phonesky . apk " . use a file explorer ( like file manager with root right ) to move these 4 files to /system/app/ install play store . apk ( for example : cm . android . vending-4.6.16 . apk ) restart phone done :d
check out cyanogenmod . it is a custom rom that has a profiles feature built in where you can define which apps should have audible notifications .
its somewhat tricky . . do not go in Silent mode using stock settings . use quick profiles app to silent everything except notifications . then , hunt down all apps which are generating audible notifications . you will found gmail , facebook , astrid etc . check settings of all those apps . generally , they all allow users to set notification ringtone . access this option and choose Silent ringtone for all apps except calendar . done !
no . android 's not like a desktop gnu/linux distro , where you can press i to get an interactive boot , or skip x and just boot to a shell . the only way to achieve this would be to build your own custom rom after editing the init scripts ( which have much the same function as on a desktop gnu/linux system ) to tailor the boot process how you like .
if you are able to root your device or install alternative android distro ( clockworkmod ) , you might have options available : rooting device : i am not sure if android root image allows modification ( read-write file system ) . if yes , you probably could edit the boot scripts to allow enabling your system modifications . or moving the init process ( not sure what that is in android ) away and replacing it with your own init program that after enabling your modifications would exec() the original init ( init is the first process ( with pid 1 ) that is run by unixy operating systems ) . using alternative android distro ( assuming cwn ) . if you can run cwn in your device , you could study how to build your own image and modify it for your needs . beyond the step of rooting or installing/running alternative image , gaining shell access , i have the impression that - once you determine which road to take - you could have better luck in getting the specifics ( boot script locations and the way they operate , help with creating your own cwn image ) answered at stackexchange-url
matt h 's answer in conjunction with prey might be useful for you . have tasker send an e-mail when the phone leaves the building . you read the e-mail and mark the phone as " stolen " in prey . prey gives you a lot of options about how you want your phone to react to being marked as stolen . you can lock it down and force the gps to stay active as long as the battery is not dead , letting you know where the device is . yay for daisychaining answers , btw .
you can probably do this with tasker or locale .
as lie says , you can achieve most of this with tasker ( market link or dev 's site ) . tasker can detect your phone 's location using gps or based on the cell towers or wifi access points it can see . i do not think you can set the phone to shut itself down based on this , but you could definitely make it play a loud sound , or even send an sms message or a voice call to a particular number .
no ! your google account is not stored locally on your device . it will still be available on any other device and on any other desktop browser you choose to use !
i think i have found the solution . check this link . it is a hack and it requires a phone to be rooted , but it does allow you to use alphanumeric password for encryption and pin for screen unlock .
if you have remote wipe enabled ( assuming it still works with encrypted device ) , the pin may not secure your device forever , but it may do so long enough to give you time to wipe your device .
if you are trying to crack the disk encryption , independent of the rest of the device in a scenario where you have a powered off device , or just the memory chips , then this is a different attack vector than that used on a powered-on password protected device where the decryption key may be held in memory ( leading to vulnerabilities used by things like the firewire encryption key stealers prevalent on pcs using older fde encryption software and not a tpm-type module ) , or the unlock screen could be brute-forced ( or have its own vulnerabilities ) . if you are attacking the disk directly then in this case you are not attacking the 4-digit pin or user password that is encrypting the device , what you are attacking is the 128 bit aes key : the master key is a 128 bit number created by reading from /dev/urandom . it is encrypted with a hash of the user password created with the pbkdf2 function from the ssl library . the footer also contains a random salt ( also read from /dev/urandom ) used to add entropy to the hash from pbkdf2 , and prevent rainbow table attacks on the password . from point 4 under " enabling encryption on the device " of the notes on the implementation of encryption in android 3.0 that you linked to . ( was going to be a comment but ended up far too long )
you can use this command on a root shell to change the encryption password : su -c vdc cryptfs changepw &lt;new_password&gt;  where &lt;new_password&gt; should be replaced by your password . source : http://nelenkov.blogspot.be/2012/08/changing-androids-disk-encryption.html
one possible solution for this is to use whispercore , but it requires you to root your device . i have also filled a feature request at the android project page .
by using a password/phrase vs four digit pin , you are increasing the security of your device . the trick of it is , even by having a four character password , you have just increased your security for two reasons : you have increased the available characters . you have taken away the attackers knowledge of your pw length . if an attacker knows your password is 14 characters , it is more secure than a four or eight character password , but typical statistics use ranges ( 1-4 , 1-8 , 1-14 ) and not the reality ( which would be simply calculating one length 's available combinations ) . currently , it is simply way to easy to access your phone 's data . your grandmother has the capability of doing so ( no offense to you or your family :p ) . so , while you are right that there are limitations of this encryption , the ' broken ' version works a lot better than non-encrypted data currently practiced . it is up to you to judge how sensitive and private your data is , as well as how much of a target you are for such data to be stolen . choosing an appropriate password is your responsibility once you have assessed these risk .
as eldarerathis mentioned , you need to charge the tablet using the charging adapter rather than usb . the a500 has 2 usb ports . a regular one , like you had find on a laptop , for connecting usb devices to the tablet ( memory sticks , for example ) , and a micro usb port for connecting the tablet to a computer . make sure you are using the micro usb port . ( your mileage may still vary - the support site is not very forthcoming on using the tablet with a mac )
you could try something like vlc remote . it can apparently even be configured to work with an mplayer install instead of vlc if you prefer ( according to this project , at least ) . there is also a remote app for songbird available , and you can find it in the market as well .
sounds like you are looking for mpd ( music player daemon ) . it does not require x and there are lots of different clients/remotes for all kinds of operating systems including android .
you can use kaiten mail , an advanced version of k-9 mail . it supports multiple imap , pop3 , exchange 2003/2007 ( via webdav ) ; but not exchange activesync . when you reply to a message , you can change the sender . if you click on the header ( email address ) , a " send as " dialog will popup .
k-9 mail allows to choose the " from " mail address when composing a message ( or replying to a received message ) . click the " from " address field and a pop-up menu will appear which allows you to choose the appropriate account . k-9 supports pop/imap/exchange ( via webdav ) accounts . pictures for illustration compose window : account chooser :
i recently went through this , and it is possible to restore your data , take a look at my own experience at extract app data from nandroid / cwm backup . basically you can use nandroid manager to restore the data you have backed up . but i am not sure if i got all the data of the apps that might have been installed to sdcard though , so if you can , take a backup including those apps as well ( maybe too late now ) . hope you still have that backup . . just noticed the date : (
i reinstalled android and lost all my data . nothing else worked . : (
man , you are out of luck . versions of injustice for android and ios differ greatly . the ios version generally gets updated months before android . this affects what characters you can buy , what challenges you can complete etc . i thinks it is safe to say they are incompatible . and from my experience the android version performs rather poorly compared to ios . considering all of the above i would recommend sticking to your iphone for playing injustice .
seems like your office network team had block your mobile from accessing internet . there is nothing to do with your device issue . if your device connects to wifi excepts your office wifi then this is not your device issue . if you want to start it again contact your network team .
i am returning it today because the video is non-watchable , contains flicker and artifacts obviously it is from a bad batch ( defective units out of the box , april 2013 ) . at least i have tested it and saw artifacts when casting youtube video to google chromecast .
the instructions i have followed in the link above do the job . the solution to my two problems listed above was : replace this micro/mini usb to usb adapter http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+-+1.5%27+usb+cable/1000247.p?id=1218207305639skuid=1000247st=rf-cc1mccp=1lp=1 . . . with this one : http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+mobile+-+micro+usb+data+transfer+cable/2077196.p?id=1218308698225skuid=2077196st=rocketfish%20micro%20usb%20cp=1lp=3 it sounds weird but trust me do not get micro usb to usb adapter from the first link . you will not be able to access the kindle fire as a storage device , guaranteed .
an part of the ram is reserved - often for the gpu - and not useable by the dalvik vm and apps . this is not uncommon : samsungs galaxy s has also 512mb but only 334mb are useable by apps . this can differ from rom version to version .
as you have mentioned problem seems to be coming after updation to android version to 4.4.2 you may want to refer to android-4-3-no-internet-access-unable-to-connect-to-the-proxy-server-error . the reason seems to be if you have cleared your google service framework data to recieve the update , it will change your device id that google uses to recognise your device .
there are several ways you could accomplish that : if you have sufficient free storage available , archiving the contents ( zip , tar , whatever other archiver ) and then copying the archive file would be a way . pulling the archive would change the archive file 's timestamp , but contents would be preserved as-is , and restored with their original timestamps . this could be done either from a terminal app , or via adb shell . on one device i have checked , tar and gzip are available , and even bzip2 . successfully tested on another one , and adapted to your specifications : tar czf backup.tar.gz /storge/sdcard0 run from a location with sufficient space would create the archive , which you then could pull . you could utilize a sync app like foldersync , and simply sync all the contents to your computer ( via sftp , samba/windows-share , or any of the other supported protocols ) . after having formatted the storage , you could sync it back the very same way . if your device supports an external sdcard , you could copy your files over there , which also should preserve timestamps there might be even other possibilities , but these are the ones coming to my mind first .
found a solution for the local file browser problem on my xoom tablet i tried opening a local file with opera by typing file:///mnt/sdcard/documents/blabla . html . opera changed the adress in file://localhost/mnt/documents . . . using the localhost syntax on the android browser opened the local file .
in order to view local files on the sdcard with the default android browser just enter file://sdcard/ and then the path to the file you want to view . for example if you have an xml file named " person " in a folder named " xmlfiles " it would look like file://sdcard/xmlfiles/person.xml in your address bar . you can create bookmarks for the file you are viewing but if you try to make a shortcut to that bookmark or use a bookmark widget ( at least the htc one ) these will not work and may give an error " the linked program is no longer installed on your phone " . the bookmarks will work if opened from within the browser . so far i have verified that the browswer can open/render these files : xml , html files ( htm ) , and image files it cannot open pdfs . according to this comment it works for android 2.1 and above
on a nexus 10 ( with cyanogenmod default broswer ) it opens at : " file://mnt/storage/sdcard/ . . . "
you can browse the file system with firefox for android
i found this 3.5mm jack noise-reducing microphone on youtube : galaxy samsung s4 external mic for mobile phone and here is the mic quoted on ebay . i plan to test it and return some feedback here . i hope it will serve me well enough for the footage i need to create - some homemade lectures .
you can do that , but you will need an adapter : the 3.5 mm jack on the phone is for a headset ( with earphones and a mic ) , so it is not made to take a standard mic input . you need to find an adapter that is for plugging a microphone into samsung phones . it might be tricky to find , but they are inexpensive . once you have the adapter , any microphone with a 3.5 mm connector will do . stage mics requiring xlr and 12 v " phantom power " will not work : you had need an extra device to supply power to the mic , such as a mixing desk with a 3.5 mm output .
android currently does not support usb audio paths . you can use usb audio if you have a nexus 5 with android l preview . otherwise you are out of luck .
if you need an external microphone , and your device does not support usb audio ( as hiemanshu 's answer suggests ) : a work-around would be using a microphone with the 3.5" audio jack . as headsets use that successfully , it should work . i have never tried , so theoretically a side-effect could be sound output gets blocked whith the device assuming you have got a headset plugged in . if that is the case , there are apps available to control where which audio is routed to . you can find some in this list .
open my files on the browser and once there clip them in evernote . myjad android contact recovery scans all the stored contacts in your android phone and sd cards and recover them to your computer local for different purposes . watch video demo : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa5gjmjdvx8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kfp1jz5_1k
first : as you did a backup including all your apps , you cannot restore a single app from it easily 1 ( adb restore is an all-or-nothing ; either you restore the entire backup , or nothing – there are no parameters to specify parts to be restored ) . second : if you had create separate backups ( one per app ) , a restore should be possible across devices and android versions ( at least " upwards " , i.e. backup made on the same or lower android version as you want to restore it to ) . i have done that multiple times successfully , even across different brands and android versions , in this way . though that is not a guarantee : ) 1 there are tools available to decode/split files created by adb backup , especially for that reason : to be able to restore a single app if you did not think of that when creating the mega-backup .
do not know if you figured this out or not , but titanium backup has a feature where you can import an adb backup and then from there restore individual apps or all apps . only down side , titanium backup does need root . that being said , i think it is worth it . for details : http://www.titaniumtrack.com/kb/titanium-backup-kb/titanium-backup-howtos.html#backup-without-root in case that link goes away : connect your device and make sure its listed with the following command : adb devices run a full backup with the following command : adb backup -f fullbackup . ab -apk -all this will create a “package” called “fullbackup . ab” on the current location in your command prompt . this is your backup package . now you can root your phone . once finished rooting , insert the “fullbackup . ab” package on your sdcard hit the menu button and look for “extract from adb backup” option . this will prompt you to search for the file . use the file manager that you installed earlier and navigate to the directory and select the fullbackup . ab file . now restore like as if the backup was made with titanium backup . don’t forget to make a fresh copy of the backup using titanium backup . you’re done !
if you are interested in today 's calendar events i have had good results with smooth calendar . you can configure it to show only events in the next 24 hours . if you are looking for an easy to use to do list application with widgets that show only today 's tasks , i recommend my app maniana to list . both are free and ad free .
i use astrid for all my task/todo management . it has a widget which is the exact same size as the calendar widget ( 2x2 ) , and when you create it , you can choose to only include certain tasks using a variety of criteria , among which is tasks due today . it is also open source , ad-free , and syncs with google tasks , as well as a couple others .
colornote 's " today 2x2" widget will do this , but it unfortunately does not sync with google tasks . you can also do this using a combination of the pure calendar widget ( well worth the $1.99 for all the display options it gives you ) and one of the many task applications it works with ( i use dato gtasks , which syncs with google tasks ) . just make sure to set the search period to 1 day in the calendar tab ( you do not have to select a calendar , it works just fine with only a task service enabled ) .
try any . do . it is an normal task app with nice style , and the widget is only showing tasks for today , also several sizes are available .
you do not need to use 3rd party things like a swap partition or zramswap . 512mb ram was/is still standard and will be sufficent for almost all scenarios most probably for some time ( at least for android 4.0 and 4.1 , see this cyanogenmod forum post ) . ( you stated in the comments that your xperia active has 512mb ram ) longer version : to begin with , " rom " is basically a false name for the system partition and means read-only-memory ( it is most of the time mounted read-only , hence " rom" ) , this sits most probably on some kind of nand flash . ram ( random-access-memory ) is ' working ' memory that is really fast but volatile in comparison to nand flash . both types are needed ( fast vs . persistent ) and cannot be interchanged . at least not completely ( you could add a swap partition on custom roms . ) at first : do not use the internal memory as swap ! flash storage ( nand ) has only about 10.000 write cycles . better use your sdcard for it . see this guide on xda for the pro 's and con 's and howto do it . if you just want to play around and wonder if you could do something useful with the free space on your /data partition : do not do it . leave it the way it is . here 's a basic picture illustrating a regular architecture .
go to this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1659231 and follow instructions carefully . if you don´t know what you´re doing , don´t do it ! you´re welcome :- ) )
the galaxy s plus i9001 looks like the i9000 however it has completely different internals : side by side comparison at gsmarena . com different cpu ( 1.4ghz qualcomm snapdragon vs . 1ghz samsung hummingbird ) different gpu ( adreno vs powervr ) different baseband modules ( the i9001 has faster hsdpa ) better battery , less internal space ( 512mb vs 2gb for the i9000 ) most importantly , the i9000 is well supported while the i9001 's community support is rather poor . there is no official cm port for it . see the i9001 's forum at xda-developers.com. regarding the approaches : yes , you can use the same tools and your knowledge for the i9000 . just not the same rom downloads .
go to https://play.google.com/store/account , with a regular desktop . then click on the tab ' orders ' , you shall find there all the apps you downloaded via google play . after clicking Install or Installed button , you will get pop-up having device list . if app is already installed in a device with linked status , device would be inactive to send install signal . it can be used as identifier .
you can use lightflow to manage all your led notifications and use that to turn off leds for any programs you want . you can also use it to change notification led colours as well .
this is how i solved a similar issue i had on my phone . since the contacts in question were synced through a gmail account , i went in my contacts and exported all of them to make a backup . then i restored my contacts via the menu ( more > restore contacts . . . ) to a day before the one on which i believed to have deleted the contact . the restore points go back to 30 days maximum . from there i could import the backup i had downloaded earlier to merge with the freshly restored contacts .
your mentioning of busybox use let 's me assume your device ( s ) is/are rooted , so you could give the wireless mac changer a try . did not try it myself , though , as i have no need to ; )
after more searching , i found subtitleplayer in the google play store . it seems to work adequately for what i need , but because its name is two words jammed together , does not show up when you search for " subtitle " in the market . also , the page says it needs ' unicode ' subtitles ; after a few tries , i got it to work correctly with utf-8 encoding , without a bom .
i have never tried this but one thing that comes on the top of my mind is to use a video that has nothing but a black background play on your mobile . you can then add subtitles to it and may be increase the subtitle size , change the position etc to suit you . hope this helps : )
you can open up a command prompt and C:\ ping homecall.co.uk ( please correct me if that is not the correct windows command ) to ensure that it is not a server-fault , and if it is not , then you will need to poke around after logging into your account to make sure you have the right protocol ( i.e. . pop , imap , etc ) as well as the correct server address , the correct ports , and the correct security settings . typically , it would be something like incoming : mail . homecall . co . uk ; port:143 outgoing : mail . homecall . co . uk ; port:587 but those settings are 99% unlikely to work for you . you simply have to find the settings in your email account . typically , you will find them in your account settings .
nope . mobile device drivers tend to be highly specific and there is no sort of defaults that will work across devices .
your google/gmail account will be linked to the phone , you will not be asked to authenticate each time you access your mail , what you can do is this : enable two step authentication on your google account download the google authenticator app for your shiny new android phone pin/password protect your handset [ using a pattern is not the most secure method as it can easily be guessed ] [ optional ] use a password safe service like lastpass proffit ? ? ?
using a free service like android lost , you can remotely control your phone from a web browser . you can wipe it , locate it on a map , read sms'es , take a picture remotely etc . . . to ease your concerns regarding security . while not directly an answer to your question , it might be a viable solution . not storing your google credentials on your android smartphone and accessing google services through the mobile web brower is not only very impractical , but also sort of defeats the purpose of a modern smartphone does not it ?
make sure this is not a dns issue . in the browser try navigating to the website by its ip address as opposed to the name . on your computer open command prompt and type in ping google.com and press enter . the 4 numbers 1-3 digits long separated by dots is the ip address ( e . g . 74.125.113.106 ) . now on the phone open up the browser , and in the navigation bar type in "http://" followed by the ip address you got from your computer ( e . g . http://74.125.113.106 ) and press the go key . if the website loads - your phone has a bad dns entry . the market has several apps for changing phone 's default dns .
i figured out a workaround . the workaround is to download a file manager tool and then double click the . p12 cert , which opens up and prompts for the password . i still do not know why the control panel does not do what it suggests , but at least i found a solution .
my guess is that it wants the cert to be in a particular spot ( and possibly to have a particular name ) . from google 's support pages , we see that the cert has to be at the root of your phone 's internal storage , not external .
if you want to open google now you have to press the home button for a couple of seconds . in my case google now opens after one second or so . but it could be that , if you have not opened google now before , it can take some more time . another possibility is that your google search version is not the latest available version . at this moment i have version 2.2.10.546669 on my phone , which supports google now ( january 7th , 2013 ) .
it seems that you have a version of google search that does not include google now . the easiest way to fix this would be to install a new version of the google search app . i have linked to the googlenow apk below so that you can install the version i had on my device . this should then allow you to access google now by pressing the google search option in the app drawer , or using the quick search bar on the default launcher . googlenow . apk
i uninstalled google search updates then updated again . it works fine now .
yes , it is using a push notification via google cloud messaging ( gcm ) , the same as google+ hangouts , google+ , gmail , and some third-party apps .
google play uses c2dm ( cloud to device messaging ) to inform your device about the download . on your device , the google play store app has registered a corresponding " receiver " , so it knows this message was meant for it , and downloads the .apk – which then gets installed to your device . and yes , your guess was right : c2dm is also often referred to with the term " push notification " .
most likely they gather rooting software or rooted kernels from xda-developers and sell them along with a guide also copied from there . there is not any fast way other than those you can find through a google search . while i can not say it is a scam , i do not recommend you paying $30 for that . better search google for how to root your device and also add your android version , because most of the time that matters .
according to this scamwarners post , it may be a scam . the site root android . org supposedly carries out the service of rooting and unrooting mobile phones with a " special " program . like all scam sites "100% money back guarantee if not satisfied " is a in your face feature , alas nothing is further from the truth . after initial email contact regarding technical issues with the downloaded program , there is nothing and certainly no contact when exercising the refund option . i have since searched and found that the program root android . org uses is a free download from a few specific sites that deal openly with the global community . the old warning of buyer be ware rings true , i sincerely would not use this site again and warn anybody who is contemplating mobile phone rooting to steer clear of root android . org .
they are absolutely scammers . their software , whatever it is , did not work for me . support " helped " by telling me to install a number of free software apps from the web and then never responded to further emails . safecart did not respond to email requests for a refund . after a week of trying to get someone to answer an email i finally called safecart and they issued a refund no questions asked .
they list testimonials , which are from anonymous people who may not exist , so like most testimonials those are worthless . they do not list any reviews from any publications or other sources you might trust . they talk about being mentioned on google and other places , but those are just search engines that have found their site . so they have got no credentials . maybe it works , maybe it bricks your phone , you must be prepared for that because everyone who roots is screwing around with things that sometimes brick phones , sometimes work , and none of the free advice is written clearly or works for long , as files keep getting taken down or obsoleted . use a credit card , if it bricks the phone charge it back if you do not get a prompt refund . if it really worked so well , how come they can not get anyone to review it and post the review ? not even forum threads from " known " forum members ? " if it sounds too good to be true " it must be a rooting solution . the guys who say rooting is easy and reliable , somehow never are capable of writing really clear and complete instructions on how to do it . never .
if you know the name of the movie , you can do a lookup with imdb .
while i have not seen that issue , you can restart the radio . dial *#*#INFO#*#* , choose Phone info and scroll down . click the Turn off radio button , then click its replacement , cunningly called Turn on radio . a nexus 5 , being google , should support the standard android_secret_code uris , so INFO should be present . other vendors may replace/remove/augment those , so bets are off on anything not directly from google .
i have had the same issue on at and t , carbon rom , 4.4.3 ktu84m . flashing android 4.4.4 as i post this . it uses a new modem , ktu84p . if you just want to try the modem , head on over to xda here
your google research is correct . there is an order . root → unlock bootloader → install custom recovery ( twrp or cwm ) → backup current rom → install custom rom ( cyanogenmod or aosp etc ) . without being rooted and having bootloader unlocked , you will not be able to install recovery and custom room . that is why it needs to be done first . cyanogenmod is pre-rooted . so you do not have to do it again once it is installed . initial rooting of your current rom and installing recovery is only one time process . you can then backup/restore the roms using the recovery of your choice ( twrp/cwm ) . assuming you have rooted/installed custom recovery , make sure to backup current rom should anything go wrong . also wipe data/cache/dalvik cache before installing the new custom rom . there is usually a hardware combination button to access recovery menu or you can issue reboot recovery command from terminal .
you can take a look at www.whatsappmigrator.com ( free )
there is no simple way of doing so , you have to do a lot of technical mumble-jumble for this . caution :: do not install whatsapp on your android device beforehand . if you are ready then : [ i have not tried this with mac , this works fine in pc ( win ) and linux ] connect your iphone to the system ( pc ) do not start itunes . if starts automatically then close it . open command prompt ( run : cmd ) or terminal . now here is the tricky part , you have to search for a folder named " whatsapp " . you have to use command line " dir " - to see visible contents of the current folder . " dir\a " - to see all contents ( including the hidden and system ) of the current folder . " cd [ folder ] " - change directory ( change folder to ) . copy the folder " whatsapp " to your system by using copy [ source ] [ destination ] . now simply connect your android phone and copy that folder in the primary usb storage ( memory card ) . now install whatsapp , authorise it and it will ask you to restore backup . do it and you are done .
go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; USB Settings and set it to mass storage . you may also need to enable or disable Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . the drives should be visible to the pc when you connect the device , but you should also have to click the usb notification you mention and tell it to actually mount the storage to pc so that they are accessible . finally , try looking at this for more info : http://androidforums.com/android-lounge/115574-solved-cannot-mount-android-device-via-usb-linux.html
go to settings-> applications-> all , then long press menu button , type launcher , press on the result , then press ' force stop ' . it will automatically restart , and you will get your folder back
remove the google-account from your android system ( sync settings ) , than add it again . after that , go into your contacts and refresh / resync your contacts . now take a look at your calendar , it should be fixed now
" tomsawyer_2112 hey guys , i had to clear the calendar data for the bday to show on my calendar . this is what i did , go to settings-applications-manage applications , then select calendar storage then " delete data " . after doing this the screen ( htc evo ) will reboot ( white screen with the htc logo ) . after clearing the data , go to the calendar setting and add the bbay . hope this work for you . " source : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=58d284f1a1f36866hl=en
is it the case that you can not see anything at all , or is it just really , really dark at the moment ? most lcd screens will show something faintly , even without a backlight , if you can get them in the right light . if you can see something then the easiest way to turn the lights up ( if you are using android 1.6+ ) is to add the power control widget to the home screen and then tap the far-right button on the power control bar , this should turn the brightness to half and then full , and you should be able to get to the rest of your settings then .
use apk 1.3 ( pc ) to access tablet and screen shot shows what is in the screen . keep refreshing screen shot as you press tablet options . mike m .
try a usb2 ( instead of usb3 ) port : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2077799#6 do you have a sony ? http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1696320 check your command : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1851811#5
this worked for me : uninstall your current google keyboard ( it will ask you if you are sure you want to uninstall updates as you can not really uninstall the keyboard ) , then reinstall it . if you are having trouble finding it in the play store here 's a link to open from your phone : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
did you activate the hebrew language pack in the settings/language and input/android keyboard settings/input languages ? hebrew is listed there . check the box . i do not know if that will give support for swiping but it will at least add the language dictionary .
if you have root access on your device and just denying access to the camera is enough , you can try an app like permissions denied to disable the permission for your app to read the camera . if you are comfortable with taking apart your phone , it looks like the camera cable could be physically disconnected without going too far into the device , according to this teardown .
well that is really not the solution . solution is to fix this issue , please ! why is it so hard to get the alt-gr to work ? still the same issue in android 4.1.2 .
i have found the solution some time ago . the app external keyboard helper pro makes it work correctly .
one baseline for measuring phone performance is the quadrant score . here is the quadrant score for droid x with froyo and gingerbread . this site shows various quadrant scores for the droid x with cm7 , as well as unofficial versions of gingerbread and froyo . there are some debates about the usefulness of the quadrant score - hopefully since these are comparisons with the same model of phone , they would be useful .
honestly , i do not believe so . if you need to stop an app , you can always go to settings > applications > manage applications , click on the app and force stop . it does the same thing and the only time i find myself clicking on it , is when an app is acting up .
yes , turn off the phone and try to charge from a wall charger , and when battery is full , try to do firmware recovery , this time use a good usb cable , and ensure a good internet connection . keep battery level above 80% or keep it full . and if all fails go to service center . vote up if i helped ; )
i ended up borrowing a battery to finish the emergency firmware recovery in kies . the second attempt proved successful in the firmware upgrade , however , still had network connection problems . i took it into a sprint service center and they tried doing software updates to the phone . tech had to do the software updates several times . found that after each update attempt , phone would work , but connectivity issues would come back after inserting the sd card . he deemed the sd card to be corrupt . phone is now working fine on the latest firmware with a new sd card installed . i am not sure what exactly is on the old sd card that would have corrupt it . thanks for the suggestions .
if you still have the original usb cable then use it because it probably is modified by samsung . consider upgrading to latest android ( currently 4.4.2 ) it is well worth it you wont brick it , i did it with my first smartphone 3 years ago ( i still use it ) just when i got it and i have done all i wanted to do like install root rom kernel audio engine etc removed bloatware and lots more : )
try default app manager pro / default app manager lite . they work superbly and make life a little easier .
if for any reason it seems impossible to clear the default settings , there is a simple work-around available : simply install another app which offers the same service ( e . g . to clear the default launcher setting , install another launcher ) . the system will detect that another " player " is present , and thus the user might want to chose again -- so next time that activity is requested ( in our example : the home button is pressed ) , the familiar pop-up will appear again asking to select the app to launch . besides : an update of an existing app of the " same group " will trigger this as well ( in our example : if one of the installed launchers is updated , the popup will also be triggered next time you hit the home key ) .
go to settings , applications . find the app that has the default set . scroll down to the bottom of that view and click the " clear defaults " button .
no , you cannot set up an event to trigger when a llama profile has changed . changing a llama profile is only an action , and unfortunately is not available as a condition . there also is not a condition for Connected to Computer . but there is a Charging or Unplugged condition that you can use to trigger other events . if you are fine with the more broad event of activating a profile when the phone is plugged in ( to anything ) , that is doable .
you have to flash a volume driver . you will get from the link where you downloaded the custom rom . your new custom rom is not supporting the default driver . you can flash the zip file from the app you got by default in a new rom like cmw .
seems to be a common hardware problem on samsung devices . easiest solution is to just install the newest dorimanx kernel for samsung galaxy sii . works for me now . source : this thread here .
i removed " viber " application and now it resumes music after phone call
i have just manually updated my gsm t-mobile nexus s and it connected automatically to my home wi-fi , i had all the previous settings stored , and i am also detecting all the wi-fis from my neighbours . could you give more details about your issue ?
how about using nfc to tell the phone that it should switch itself to driving mode when inserted into the cradle ? you can get nfc stickers for few euro/pounds on ebay . . . , put one to the back of the cradle , setup your phone and off you go :- ) that probably is not what you are looking for but still , it is nice and elegant solution ; - )
have you tried setting superuser to always prompt , then stick the phone into the dock ? that is the first thing i would try , because then superuser at least should be asking you questions before allowing anything to happen , which should allow you to get a hint as to what is going on .
it is a built-in bug report feature . http://rootzwiki.com/topic/16019-keeps-asking-me-to-email-bug-report/#entry410481 this is built into android . it is a debugging tool that lets you send a bug report . it sends to you because you manually triggered it . it is very easy to trigger it , even accidentally . if you press both volume buttons and the power button at the same time , it will vibrate once . then it takes nearly a full minute before the phone vibrates three times and the bug report pops up . it also does not seem to keep processing when the phone is asleep , so if you accidentally do it when say checking the time or something , it will not show up until the next time you unlock your phone . it is easy to trigger and i have done it by accident quite a few times when either checking the time or taking a screenshot ( it is pretty easy to press both volume keys accidentally when taking a screenshot ) . you can disable the bug report function by going to /system/bin/ and deleting or renaming bugreport and bugmailer . sh , but i am not sure if this will affect the ability to send bug reports for other system apps . then it will not happen anymore . it can also be disabled in the rom code by the developer .
link2sd does not move data to your extra partition of sd card . so even when you have linked all apps your internal storage will get filled by app 's data . in lnik2sd click the sort icon and select sort by data size . from there you can see which app uses most data and maybe clear them .
once the encryption screen comes up , android may have gotten far enough in the bootprocess for the adb server to start . if you have adb set up on the computer , check and see if the computer can recognize the phone by typing adb devices . if you see device with a serial number , then just simply type adb reboot recovery . ( if you do not have adb , there are several guides that can be found via google that explain how to get it set up . )
click that applications button . then , long-press and drag whatever icons you want from the list of apps to the drawer . you could drag : people , phone , a browser , and something else .
google goggles you can basically scan text with it and it is copied to the device as raw text .
scanning a hyperlink on a page ( visually , as qr code usually is ) can be problematic . after all , almost every link on the page you are reading does not present a full url that can be used by the handset ( e . g . http://www.google.com does not bring you where it says that it does ) . in light of this , the chrome to phone extension for the chrome browser can send a page to your phone where you can bookmark it . in addition , you get several other nice features ( send a highlighted number to your phone 's dialer from the browser or launch google maps links on your phone from a browser link ) . very handy . if you are not thrilled with chrome , firefox even has an add-on
no . apps on android can not interfere with each other 's operations to the extent you describe . i can think of two options that come close to what you describe : use a standard pgp app and copy-and-paste ciphertext between that and the chat app . if the chat app you are using uses direct client-to-client transmissions , instead of every message going via a server , then you could set up a vpn and ask your partner to join it before starting to chat with you . to be honest , neither of these options , nor the ideal circumstance you describe , sound like an easier sell than simply asking your friends to use a secure chat system . i suggest to you that jabber offers this functionality while allowing a choice of clients , some of which can also use different chat systems , so it might be the easiest transition path .
yeah first please answer the question that which device you are using and did you get an official update from your manufacturer or did you manually install a custom rom ? ( although by your post it seems an official manufacturer update but please confirm . . . ) if : 1 . official update , then you can just do that update all over again and this time try it through pc software ( if you had previously done an over the air update ) . or finally contact your manufacturer 's customer care or go to service center . 2 . custom rom , then it may be problem with the rom or kernel . reach the developer for that . or you can even replace the google apps . just find an appropriate . zip coinciding with your android version . hope this helps or ask again with doubts . : )
the google play and google play services , yes , they have increased in size , due to ever-evolving updates to android . the only way you can stop this from happening is to have no google related apps on the device . why do you not want to root it , in order to put apps on the sdcard ? rooting does not interfere with the mobile internet , and furthermore , play store and play services , cannot be moved to sdcard anyway , so if that is what you thought of there , it will not work . what device are you using in order to enable a better answer . . ? if you were rooted , then you could remount the /system as re-writeable , and remove the app called Vending.apk and reboot , which is responsible for pushing app updates via google play store . amendment : cheers @ izzy for pointing out about MarketUpdater.apk also , note from the comment below , izzy suggested " freezing " the apps , by freezing , it means to stop the service and effectively disable it , titanium backup can do this for you but does necessitate the need for root .
what version of android are you using ? if it is 4.0 and up then you can install the default keyboard from google from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
answering my own question here . bottom line here is android users must manage their own pictures and videos storage . it is important to understand that the " gallery " application ( and probably the new alternative " photos" ) is not synced to google plus , they are merely backuped ; this means that gallery does not deletes ( leave a thumbnail ) least recent used pictures to save space ( as i mistakenly assumed ) . i , for one , will be using google plus application from now on to be able to access all my pictures and videos and will be deleting images as soon as they are backuped .
this answer is based on comments from niall c . there are 5 phases in the process : select each contact , and then link them when relevant . the goal is to have 1 friend = 1 contact . export the list ( contact > menu > more > import export > to sd card ) , it will work even if you do not have any sd card . transfer the file to a computer ( the file is quite light , even with gpg keys and user pics ) open gmail , backup your contact by exporting them import the vcf file and that is all ! your contacts in gmail have now phone numbers ! do not worry , gmail merge contacts becase their email adress is already known . source : stackexchange-url
this actually sounds just like an issue that would be in motoblur , especially motoblur v1 . this issue may have been fixed in the later releases of motoblur , but initially this was a very buggy product . if you viewed the log that android writes for any errors that occurred with the first version of blur ( which is what is on the backflip ) there are tons of errors that happen at any given moment . it seemed like motorola rushed out the product before they were actually ready .
ctrl + shift does the job . a window appears where you can change the language . worse than in windows , but still . . .
i have a htc desire that is using 2.2 ( though when i got the phone , it was already running 2.2 ) i have found the gps to be pretty good in general - there are times when it is a bit patchy ( loses gps signal even though the surroundings are the " same" ) and slow to pin-point my location . what i have found helps is to turn on 3g data while using gps - this seems to greatly assist the accuracy and speed when finding your location . also , a reboot of the phone ( or if you feel lazy/in a hurry - turn airplane mode on/off ) might help kick some sense into the phone .
try using gps status , go to option , capteur , manage a-gps state , choose first reset , then redo and choose download . and do it outside for the first time , it is important . also , check your apn settings in wireless and network > mobile network > apn name . check that the apn selected have " supl " in apn type ( in the bottom of the list ) , for example " default , supl " .
which version are you updating from ? since android 2.1 ( or 1.5 ? ) , most applications will not be able to turn on gps automatically , for privacy reasons . you need to enable gps setting : Settings &gt; Location &amp; Security &gt; Use GPS satellites ; there are widgets that allows you to enable gps from the home screen as well .
i had problems with gps with my new htc desire ( froyo out of the box ) . i downloaded the " gps status " and " gps test " apps which showed only two satellites but were not locking them . even google maps did not get a gps lock . i went outside of my room and tried but no luck . i switched off the cell , removed the battery , sd card and sim and then put them back and restarted but still no luck . then i installed gps essentials from the android market . i launched the application and changed the following settings : gps update interval -> 10 seconds tracking update interval -> 10 seconds after this i tapped on " satellites " on the main screen while standing outside . it detected 8 satellites in a few seconds and it was able to lock to 7 of them . after that everything started working including " gps status " , " gps test " and google maps ( even inside my room ) .
i had this gps fail happen and when i first used gps status app it rebooted the phone . i had travelled to adelaide from perth and back and then used the app skydroid ( golf ) for the first time since froyo ' upgrade ' to discover it was not working . using google earth in perth had my location still in adelaide . whilst in adeliade i has some trouble getting it to correctly set the locataion time which was set to automatic use network provided value . i unchecked this and set the location time to perth and restarted the phone and everything worked with full gps accuracy . my theory is that the froyo ' upgrade ' some how srews the timebase registry setting that the gps uses to locate and sync with the sats . some how either by forcing the time reset or the reset caused by gps status app this was reset and al works well . very shonky testing from htc/google i think .
after a very long ordeal , several trips to several different apple stores and basic trial and errors , i have found the solution as i blogged here : http://eduncan911.com/technology/hardware/google-nexus-10-and-apple-wireless-keyboard.html the situation is that apple made 3 different bluetooth apple wireless keyboards , noted by years : 2007 , 2009 and 2011 . the issue is that the 2011 model , with its latest firmware updates , does not work with the google nexus 10 . it must be a bluetooth hardware profile issue with the google device itself , as the 2011 keyboard works flawlessly on all other android 4.2 , 4.4.3 and 4.4.4 devices that i have as well as an apple ipod touch 4th gen . solution : get the 2009 apple wireless keyboard as i stated in my post above , i have tested several 2009 and 2011 keyboards and have confirmed only the 2009 apple wireless keyboard works with the nexus 10 . to restate the original issue : the 2011 apple wireless keyboard will pair , and even " connect " normally to the nexus 10 . but , the nexus 10 will not recognize it as an input device - it is missing the " a " keyboard icon at the top-left corner of the top status bar which normally shows with other bluetooth keyboards , such as the 2009 version . also note that the firmware i tested of the 2009 model was version x50 . i could not confirm if the latest firmware update for the 2009 model worked or not .
okay , so firstly i will help removing that ok google funcationality from the home screen : 1 . go to google now > tap settings > voice > " ok google " hotword detection > here you will see an option to disable ok google on home screen . now for the search bar , if you are running slimkat , then you are probably on one of the two custom launchers pre-installed in slimkat , so go to their settings , either by long holding on homecreen , or you can go to settings > home > here you will see the launchers installed , and mostly there is a settings/options key beside them , tap on that or if settings key is not there try tapping on the launcher name ( it should take you to settings ) . once in launcher settings , you should go to homescreen specific settings and disable search bar from there . get back to me if any of the above mentioned things do not work .
try nova launcher . it has an option to disable persistent search bar .
you should look around xda-developers . someone there will be able to point you as to where the kernel is located . once you get your hands on it , you can flash it like you did your current kernel .
here is a list with stock kernels for nexus 4 . as said before , simply download it and flash it like any other kernel . http://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-4/development/kernel-stock-flashable-kernels-t2381128
i make it a habit to reinstall wifi keyboard everytime i reflash my phone . it does not require root as far as i know . basically , you set it as your default keyboard if you want to use it . then you will see a notification and clicking that should reveal an ip address + port to you . open that address on a browser in your computer and you should see a big text entry box . whatever you type on that entry box will be sent to your phone as keystrokes . so yeah , you basically use your pc/laptop keyboard as a wireless keyboard . it does not let you browse the phone remotely though , but you can use it to navigate your phone ( via arrow keys ) . and your devices also need to be on the same lan for the ip to work .
what about airdroid ? it does not need root access .
the best explanation i could find online : people details is a new sync service related to the recent release of google play games . it was pushed to most ( if not all ) android devices recently . its purpose is to tie you together across all google play services ( the separate services available from the google play screen ) . the idea is to maintain a uniform and unique " identity " for you in all related google games so that data from one can potentially be used to " enhance " the user experience in another the contact sync is for the usual contacts that a user saves directly on your phone .
you can turn off just the cell radio by using the Phone Info feature : dial *#*#4636#*#* and press Turn off radio .
on most phones you can still enable wi-fi while in airplane mode . in fact , many airlines now have wi-fi in flight . airplane mode might be a more viable option than you think ; )
as you mention go launcher ex as your target launcher , you are lucky : there is a complete description on how to migrate your screens , which you can find at addictivetips . basically , this involves an app called desk migrate , which claims to copy home screens from one launcher to another launcher . according to the linked article , it seems do do a nice job . just one thing to keep in mind : desk migrate has been developed to work only with go launcher ex and supports copying from only a handful of launchers . ok , another lucky point for you : looks like adw . launcher was one of the 7 launchers the addictives successfully tested to migrate from -- lucky you !
yes you can do that . firstly enable the the developer mode by tapping the build number in about phone then go in developer options and then check force rtl layout
you had have to use a custom rom to do this , because the layout direction is a fixed part of the locale information , not a user-visible setting . even if you could , you had find that most apps would not change . it takes development and testing time to make android layouts bidirectional , and the support was not added to android until jelly bean , so apps tend to only use it if they actually do support rtl languages . even on apps which do support it , you had probably find strange behaviour because english is not supposed to be laid out right-to-left . for example , text labels that are too long might have the " . . . " at the start instead of the end , or vice-versa . so in summary , it is a lot of effort to end up with a broken configuration .
as noted in the comment , " battery drain " and " overheating " are not necessarily connected : not everything that drains your battery causes overheating . overheating is most likely caused by excessive cpu hogging ( which of course also leads to battery drain ) . you might want to take a look at the app drainguard , which keeps a log of battery consumption , always informs you how much was consumed since you turned the screen off last time , and -- here it comes -- it can start an alarm when some app causes excessive battery drain . values are configurable : the free version only works from 100% charge down to 70% , which is fine for testing . once you decided the app serves your purpose , the drainguard pro key is available on the playstore for less than an euro .
use llama . this is a free automation app like tasker , and it has the ability to modify the screen timeout . create a new event . add the condition OR (match any) . then add a condition for each Active application that you want to keep the screen active . click the back button , then add the action to change the Screen Timeout to never . you then have to create a second event that does the opposite . you create the OR (match any) condition , but this time select Active application and change the status option to App stopped or in background , and again do this for each app you did in the first event . set the Screen Timeout action to whatever timeout value you want normally .
it is not possible with the google launcher , but it is fully possible in 4.4 in general , you just need to stop using google 's launcher . the " regular " launcher is still included so you can switch to that .
it is convenient to have the google now screen as the left-most screen because it is largely occupied by cards that slide-out to the right . would make scrolling further to a left screen complicated . as an aside , careful with the fast right swipes to move across many screens . you might tend to slide out a card from the now screen . nothing to worry though , the now screen is strikingly different from your usual screens there is also an undo for a quick roll-back
try this : go to settings > battery there you can see the list of things that consume battery . this includes all the system processes , hardware such as the screen and the user apps . if there is an application that you installed that takes up more than say 20% in that list , that app is your culprit . there is also a good chance that it is the same app that is taking up all that data in the backgrounds . if your screen takes up more than 30% , try reducing your brightness and the amount of time the screen is kept active . if you want to check your mobile data consumption , go to settings > data usage . this will list the data consumption of all apps on the phone . hope this helps .
because you still have a working cwm , you can just reflash it . there are 2 competing implementations : supersu from chainfire superuser from chainsdd most rooting utilities install the latter , so you are safe to also flash this .
i am the developer of locale , and i wanted to make sure the most up to date information is available here : locale does support backup and restore . more information about this feature can be found on our website at http://feedback.twofortyfouram.com/forums/5655-locale-feedback/suggestions/74784-backup-settings-?ref=title we publish a headphones plug-in condition and a free media volume setting for locale , giving locale the ability to adjust media volume based on headphones being plugged-in/unplugged .
the easiest way to compare these two apps : locale costs more . but it is a lot more user friendly . you just set up " situations " with triggers and actions . then you prioritize the situations . that is it . tasker costs less . but it is a lot more customizable . it is more like being given a scripting language . there are tons of options and choices and it can get really confusing if you do not know what you are doing . it is not made for the average user . i will say that anything locale can do , tasker can do it too . it just is not as quick and easy to set it up . in regards to backing up , you can backup tasker into script files . locale has no built in back up system . both of these applications are extendable to do practically anything because they support plugins . tasker supports locale plugins too . also : personally , i use both of these apps . i use locale for setting up common situations ( disable sounds when asleep , adjust brightness/screen timeout when plugged in , go silent at work , etc . ) and then tasker for . . . well . . . tasks ! such as plugging in my headphones i reduce my media volume to 50% ( i have blared music accidentally way too many times ) and displaying a menu of music apps .
have you tried recovering your google password ? https://www.google.com/accounts/recovery note : this may be worthless if you never set up a secondary email account to recover your google account . because there is no other way to recover a google password .
try logging into your google account on your computer and changing the password to something very simple like "123456" . then try it on your phone again . i had a problem once logging into my nook account on my droid so i logged into the website and changed my password from the standard complex string of random numbers and characters to a plain string , and it let me in .
there are multiple solutions available : re-zip the image advantage : you do it once , and can use the resulting image for multiple devices . that is what i did with cm7.2 for my milestone 2 . easy enough to do : create a temporary ( empty ) folder unzip the zip file to it remove unwanted *.apk files from /system/apps ( be careful of what you remove , of course ) zip up the directory contents again using a graphical zip manager ( like winzip or the like ) , steps would be even easier : open the zip file with the archive manager remove the unwanted .apk files if the zip manager requires it , save the manipulated zip manually cleanup after flashing , using the shell this is what ce4 recommended in the comments . it requires you using a terminal emulator on your device : flash the image as-is remove superfluous stuff from the system partition by hand ( like rm /system/big/junk/example.mp4 ) manually cleanup after flashing , using other tools almost the same as the previous method , but a bit more user-friendly . disadvantage : this will not do for superflous ringtones and the like : flash the image as-is use a tool like titanium backup or root uninstaller to remove unwanted system apps
i am using a custom rom and i wanted to delete the aosp browser . i simply unzipped the custom rom zip , deleted the browser apk . then i re-zipped the rom image and flashed it as usual on twrp . way to go :d works just fine ! !
yes . this is possible use 1-vpn app which lets you do this . but , it is not compatible with android 4.0+ , and you have to pay for it ( only a $0.90 ) . if the payment is worth the burden you go through every time you connect , that is your best option . alternatively you can use 5-vpn which is free and requires you to go through 5 taps to connect . your last alternative is vpn show which is only capable of taking you to your vpn settings screen .
use " vpn menu " . it is free and better .
i looks like the program suggested ( prefixer ) may work . the problem will be " for some , the number is ofcourse in my address book , " . i did not see an " exception " to the rule on those screenshots , so how does it handle numbers that are in the block of numbers and in the contacts . as a workaround to an " easy way": of course manually inputting the numbers will work . gmail allows more than a few numbers on a single contact . i do not know what the upper limit is , but you could just make a similarly named contact and max it out too . this would allow you to remove the exceptions from the block . maybe use another contact software and import the contact if that interface is easier to add multiple numbers . you could also just do it as they call . i am on 2.3.5 and after the call , when the number is not known it asks me to make a new contact or assign it to an existing one . edit : i could not find anything out there that would do this automatically . i now know google contacts will allow around 3000 contact numbers in one contact . anymore than that it is starts acting odd ( not saving , etc ) . using the tools that are available i have made it work by importing this block from a csv file . here are the steps : goto my dropbox share at block import csv 's download all the csv file from that folder * * might want to turn off syncing contacts on the phone at this point . go to google contacts choose more--> import--> choose file and choose the csv file ( block import . csv ) import ( this may take a little while for google to respond depending on your connection speed ) a new group will be created called " imported m/dd/yy go to that group and choose all the contacts . ( check box on the top left ) more --> merge contacts--> ok it will only do 250 at a time . be patient , it is very slow . rename the contact ( something like " compan name_1" and remove it from this group and add it to " my contacts " repeat steps 6 through 8 until there are no single contacts left . there should be around 34 contacts with 3000 contact numbers in each of them . turn syncing back on if you turned it off . while a bit manual , with patience , it does work . now , i do not know what that will do to your phone when you try to sync it .
most recoveries do not work in root mode - and root mode cannot be acheived , as the su binary calls your superuser app to gain permission to use root mode . as the su binary cannot call the app , it stops you using su mode . it could also be due to the fact that the su file used in recovery is the stock su file found in android , and this does not let you switch to the root user ( as if it did every device would be rooted ) . some recoveries allow root to be used - you will have to search for one for your device .
you are not going to get a popup superuser confirmation from within a rooted recovery . that popup superuser confirm dialog only happens in a fully booted normal android environment . sounds more likely that the ramdisk used within the recovery , has the setting ro.secure=1 in default.prop by accident thus preventing the su binary from getting executed with a error su: permission denied . had it being set as ro.secure=0 then adb would allow the s witch u ser to root function as normal . op : please give more details such as make of handset , what version of recovery , is it clockworkmod or stock ?
note that both ios browser ( safari ) and chrome ( desktop or for android ) are based on webkit engine . that is why they are so similar in what they render . firefox browser uses a much different engine : gecko . as an answer for what you want to do , i think that given the css and javascript the mobile site loads is different depending on the rendering engine , currently it is not possible to an end user to achieve that . a better design must be done by web developers who made the website , in order to avoid this kind of awkward situations . if what you need is to open that mobile site with a browser different to chrome for android , but that it be rendered the same way as chrome for android does , i recommend you to use opera mobile or opera mini ( based on presto engine ) , here is a screenshot of how it looks there :
from digitaltrends , when an offending notification pops up , simply long press on it and App Info will pop up . tap on that and you’ll be taken straight to the app management screen where you can uncheck the Show notifications box and stop notifications appearing . you can also get to the app management screen by going to Settings -&gt; Apps and selecting the app from there . unchecking the show notifications box does mean that all notifications from that app will be turned off though . as the warning states : if you turn off notifications for this app , you may miss important alerts and updates .
there're two flavors of usb ports - powered and unpowered . unpowered ports can not supply power to the devices and are rather rare . you identify them easily - connect the smartphone to them and see if it starts charging . if it starts charging the port is powered and you are okay .
i usually charge mine from the usb port of my tv decoder ( that is always powered on ) so i think there will be no problems .
if the usb port supports usb sticks then it has power to recharge a smartphone . the only question is how much power it has . the usb protocol includes what i would call a " power handshake " . host ( radio ) and client ( smartphone ) communicate with each other and the host specifies how many milliampere the client is allowed to use . if the radio has usb high-power support you will get up to 500ma , without only up to 100ma . btw : a plain usb power adapter usually supports up to 1000ma . i assume a simple car 12v-to-usb-adapter would also support that much power . therefore even if charging via radio works , charging will take significantly longer . how many milliamperes are used for loading can be seen on a large number of phones by the battery monitor widget or similar apps .
instead of widget use apps like data switch . unlike widget this app does not consume resource when idle . there are tons of other apps/widget if you do not like this one or this one does not work for you . for eg : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.aispl.mdsswitch https://market.android.com/details?id=ru.chernish2 https://market.android.com/details?id=com.m039.tools https://market.android.com/details?id=com.myreallife.mobiledata https://market.android.com/details?id=com.datalinkswitch
i use the power control widget . allows you to toggle data , wifi and various other settings from your home screen .
you can use sipdroid , released under gnu gpl v3 , also available from google play store and save yourself a lot of trouble . sipdroid is a free sip/voip client for android . as for a sip provider , sipgate for example gives good results for both outgoing and incoming calls . from version 2.0 for google™ voice users , sipdroid can now create a new , free pbxes account that is automatically linked to an existing google™ voice account . the new feature requires android 2.0 , or above , and google 's app connected to your voice account . download the current version sipdroid-2.7 . apk available since may 21 , 2012 . sha1 checksum : a261e14ba592c8a86e8d0f07374108c6d768e1d4
you can also use grove ip or talkatone . why because it transparently uses your google voice account . you do not have to bother with any sip provider or configuring any other setting . just give it your google voice user name and password ( two factor authentication recommended ) and you are good to go . grove ip comes with lite and paid version . paid version is $ . 499 atm . talkatone comes with free and subscription based model . however both worlds flawlessly on free version with ad support .
on htc phones , i found one big space stealer is the " facebook for htc sense " app . it can easily take up 20+ mb of data . it is worth checking it out and clearing data ( not cache )
check your phone 's internal storage , via menu > settings > sd and phone storage , and then look under internal phone storage . if that is looking low , then you can try uninstalling some apps , or , since you are on 2.2 , moving those that support it to your sd card ( as that does seem to have plenty of space ) .
i do not know what rom you have , but if you are using a cyanogen based you can tweak that in the cyanogen specific settings .
you can try using anyunlock from the android market . it is free and lets you set any button be the button to turn the device on . it has been tested exclusively for the nexus one . actually , i read further in the description , the trackball can no longer be used as of gingerbread .
it is a shame that this is not built into android . fortuantely , there are now many apps that can do that ( mostly a side functionality of file manager apps ) . if you just need a lightweight standalone app for this , i can recommend file shortcut .
in fact it is easy to do using a file explorer application . i used ES File Explorer but i suspect other programs have the same feature . using ES File Explorer , you have to navigate to the file , then do a long click on the file icon until a menu appears . then you choose Shortcut . nothing shows the operation works but a new icon will be present in the launcher .
use a custom launcher like adw to freely arrange icons and add/remove them . if you want to uninstall apps that your firmware will not let you , use adb .
it depends on the launcher you are using . the stock samsung galaxy s4 launcher ( touchwiz ) supports it . if the stock launcher does not have it , you can use nova launcher . it allows you to hide apps so you do not see them on the app drawer . update #1: according to izzy 's comments below , the following launchers also have a similar feature : apex launcher go launcher ex adw launcher adw launcher ex
as other mention , you can use the tools from sdk . but when your not fond of command lines , you can also explore the emulator with the eclipse adt plugin . the plugin integrates a couple of development tools like adb , ddms , logcat , etc . . . i find it very interesting to connect my phone with usb ( enable usb debuggin ) and watch how everything works . . . ; - ) but the same can be done for the emulator . . .
the android emulator gives you root access , you do not need to root it . check out the emulator page on android . com for details on how to do things as root .
i have three suggestions : if it is a microsd card , you could plug it into an external reader . try adb ( advanced ) . if it shows up using the devices command , try pushing and pulling on the sd card . install file expert . when the app loads , the third tab has " share my files " ( or something like that ) try these options via bluetooth or wifi . file expert also has a seperate app , web pc suite , which can do the job you want .
the official announcement on the cm forums states : the issue was in the ril code , which is just typical code and libraries packaged in the rom ( e . g . /system/lib/libril.so , for example ) . the cm team recommended installing a samsung rom noting that any samsung rom is fine and any aosp rom would have issues . there is no permanent damage since the ril code was replaced when you reflashed . they specifically cited the issue was related to closed-source ril code , so this would not happen with a stock rom unless samsung severely borked their ril code . only 911 was listed as a problem , but i do not know ( and neither have the cm team ever stated ) if other emergency numbers were affected . official support for the vibrant did not occur until 7.1 , which was gingerbread . it is really hard to say if older versions were affected , but i would assume yes ( if they exist somewhere still ) . the announcement states that the issue was fixed and the vibrant is officially supported at this point .
if you use google calendar , you can export the calendar from lightning as an . ics file import that . ics file into google calendar
i know it is a late answer -- but it does not need any " special app " to be written : as to your apps installation : put all the .apk files into a directory ( you can catch them e.g. using appmonster free backup restore ) . add the basic stuff from the android sdk ( you do not need the entire sdk package , just a few files which you can find e.g. in the androidforums adb guide , for mac , linux and windows ) . write a tiny shell/batch script to adb install *.apk . the factory reset can be accomplished in a similar way : adb shell "recovery --wipe_data"  so put that as the first line of your script optionally prepend it with an adb wait-for-device . as the wipe is followed by a reboot , better make it look like this : zip it all up and send it to the user . instructions to the user : unpack the zip to an empty folder ( closer descriptions depending on the os used ) connect your device with an usb cable ( maybe add instructions on how to see whether the connection was established successfully . on windows , added trouble might be special drivers needed ) start the shell script/batch file taking a look at the adb options might give you further ideas ; )
possible solutions , in descending order of idealism and difficulty : create a custom rom , with the apps you want on it , which you can flash onto these devices . this question is a good starting place for that . write your own app , which automatically installs the other apps . the first answer to this thread provides the code to install apps programmatically . the easiest solution , if it suits your needs , would to be to use one of many " installer " apps . if you can drop the apps on the tablets after installing your stock rom ( ideally on an sd card ) , you could then install an " installer " app . then either run it yourself , or instruct your users to run it and install the listed apps . in any of these solutions , you will have to write the desktop computer application which has the few-button interface for users , which does the flashing and installing . whether you do a custom rom or a stock one , you will have to automate its install . this thread has some help on automating rom installation .
it sounds like your rom does not properly reset settings when the sdcard is re-enabled ( since it obviously becomes unavailable to the os when using usb mass storage ) . unfortunately , this is likely an issue with your rom and i do not think there is a likely setting that would fix it . however , in android 3.0 , google added mtp ( media transfer protocol ) support and it has been in all versions since . this allows the sdcard to remain mounted in the android system while also allowing it to be accessed on the computer . i can not remember the exact layout of ics , but to be able to change it to mtp from ums , it is probably pretty close to Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Menu -&gt; USB Computer Connection -&gt; enable MTP
in Settings &gt; Storage &gt; press the menu key &gt; USB connection &gt; MTP connection .
well i know this is a year late but i was having the same problems on my phone ( huawei y300-01 ) all my apps would b moved around , and pages were sometimes created . i saw that whenever i connected the phone the various usb options would pop up ( mtp , ptp and installer ) . i used to choose ptp as it was the only way to access the sdcard . i decided to try installer and found some drivers in the folder that opened up , installed them and now mtp works fine , my apps dont move around anymore after disconecting the phone .
since you are on 2.2 , root your device , then use cacertman : market link source code you can choose to delete certificates one-by-one , and back up your configuration for use later .
to be honest i had never removed a cert before but i have added my own and it looks like it is the same process . it is basically : use linux ( or a vm of linux ) install bouncycastle ( java ssl library ) download the cacerts . bks files from the device use keytool -delete command to remove the cert from cacerts . bks verify that it worked with keytool push the cacerts . bks file back up to the device bouncy castle : http://www.bouncycastle.org/latest_releases.html detailed instructions on how to use keytool : http://wiki.cacert.org/importrootcert#android_phones in ubuntu it is a little easier to download through apt just so you can get the path stuff right . " apt-cache search bouncycastle " should help .
i am not sure if it works . but first of all update the driver from sdk\extras\google\usb_driver for your device . also , check in root mode if any help is available .
try formatting your sdcard as either ext4fs or ext3fs . using such a tool as partition magic or even parted to quote from wikipedia 's entry on ext4fs : large file system the ext4 filesystem can support volumes with sizes up to 1 exbibyte ( eib ) and files with sizes up to 16 tebibytes ( tib ) . likewise , for the quote on wikipedia 's entry on ext3fs size limits the max number of blocks for ext3 is 2^32 . the size of a block can vary , affecting the max number of files and the max size of the file system : the reason fat32 is used , is to maintain compatibility with the majority of os 's on desktop/laptops , which is microsoft windows ! caveat emptor : some kernels have support for ext4fs in place , not all of them may have it , notably stock roms coming from manufacturers ! also , if you are rooted and running a customized kernel , chances are pretty high that the kernel would have support for this - you can confirm by checking via adb shell adb shell ls /proc/*.gz there should be a hit on the configuration file , usually named config.gz or kernel_config.gz or similar . pull that down via adb pull /proc/config.gz unzip this file and launch your favourite editor , search for the following keywords *config_ext3_fs* or *config_ext4_fs* or from the command line , zcat config.gz | grep "CONFIG_EXT4_FS" if the search yielded this line # CONFIG_EXT4_FS is not set or # CONFIG_EXT3_FS is not set you are out of luck as that kernel would not have any support . in short , if you need to support big files , a custom rom or a custom kernel would be needed this requires a pre-requisite in unlocking the bootloader in order to flash a new custom kernel in place that has support for such filesystems !
the maximum possible size for a file on a fat32 volume is 4 gb minus 1 byte or 4,294,967,295 bytes , sd memory in your phone is formatted as fat32 so you limited to have files smaller than 4gb in your phone . cluster size has no differences in limitation of fat32 structure .
just like the answers above . FAT32 has a maximum absolute filesize limit of 4gb only however partitioning your sdcard to Ext3/Ext4 will have a disadvantage of not being read in windows . if your device is already rooted then i suggest you to install a fuse ( filesystem on userspace ) driver so it can support NTFS volumes and keep compatability with windows . an app already exist to mount the driver automatically by using this additional file from the xda forums . after this , just format your sdcard to NTFS , your android will be able to read/write to it with ease update : i also found paragon mounter , probably based on fuse but optimized for android .
dude , i suggest reformatting your sd card to ext3 or ext4 . and i find it more stable than ntfs in android . and regarding operating system compatibility . . . its easy dude . . . rooting an android may void your warranty . . . so i prefer to mod my pc to read all file system . . . and its pretty easy too . . . just get windows drivers for ext3 or whatever file system needed . . . and in windows u even get drivers for hfs plus ( mac drives ) . . . so where is the problem ? ? ? i dual boot my amd pc with windows 7 ultimate sp1 and apple mac osx 10.9.0 marvericks . . . and all file systems work well on both the os . . we get every filesystem to work with windows by using proper drivers . . . and mac osx natively supports every other file system except ntfs , for which drivers are available . . . use the power of google . . . you can easily get drivers . . good luck . : )
keep usb debugging on and it should work fine .
xprivacy is not a stand-alone application . it is a module of the xposed framework , and thus utilizes the latter to achieve its goals . so if the xprivacy dev " reports in " , he might just say : " waiting for the xposed team to show up " . . . oh , if you do not wanna wait : head straight to the xposed thread at xda for all the details . the intro over there states : i extended the /system/bin/app_process executable to load a jar file on startup . the classes of this file will sit in every process ( including the one for system services ) and can act with their powers . and even more : i have implemented something that allows developers to replace any method in any class ( may it be in the framework , systemui or a custom app ) . this makes xposed very powerful . you can change parameters for the method call , modify the return value or skip the call to the method completely - it is all up to you ! also replacing or adding resources is easy . so in short and simplified words : xposed replaces some system resources to " expose " the system api , so other apps ( acting as xposed modules ) can use it . amongst those other apps is – tam-tam-tam-tam-tam – xprivacy .
may be a bug or something . restore factory settings after making a back-up of important files . note - check the settings once again . you might have turned on the vibration .
i think you have misunderstood what vibration mode is . the sound control has three settings:- sound on : the phone will ring and vibrate normally . you can turn vibration on or off for each notification individually in that app 's settings . vibrate : the phone will still vibrate , but not make noise . in this state , any notification that would make a sound will vibrate instead . if the notification would have vibrated , it still does . silent : notifications and incoming calls will not cause vibration or noise . any notifications which have vibration enabled by the app will vibrate in either sound on or vibration mode : only silent mode will disable vibration . also , if vibrate when ringing is turned on in settings → sound , then incoming calls will make the phone vibrate in sound on mode as well as in vibration mode .
though it is not the identical situation , the solution which worked out for i am seeing duplicated images and videos on gallery might apply here as well : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps select the " all apps " tab find the gallery app , open its entry , tap " clear cache " do the same for the media storage app have the media scanner running again . this can be triggered by either a reboot of the device ( ugh ! ) unmounting/mounting the external sdcard if any ( hm . . . ) attach the device to your pc via usb , optionally copy some file to it , detach it again ( ok . . . ) for repeated use , take a look at apps like e.g. rescan media , scan media , or sdrescan ( yeah ! ) check if the duplicates are gone . if not , repeat everything , but this time additionally select to " delete data "
root your note 2 install titanium backup either uninstal or freeze knox . apk and all associated processes through titanium backup . as awlays , make a complete backup before any changes .
keyboard can be replaced browser can be replaced ( opera , xscope ( i like ) , dolphin hd , etc . ) launcher can be replaced gallery can be replaced ( 3d gallery is my favorite ) camera can be replaced ( camera 360 ( drains battery like crazy ) , retro camera , etc . ) hell you can even replace the kernel if you root . not an app , but you can add search providers like getting the duckduckgo app which allows you to search using all search tools , but ddg vs google .
there is an app called holiday alarm disabler . i have not tried it myself , but it has a pretty good rating at androlib . qr code for holiday alarm disabler :
i had the same problem and restarting my phone fixed it . try rebooting your cell if you have not done it yet .
i see what you are saying . . . one way around it , is to look in the logcat and keep an eye out for something like the following , in this case , i downloaded an app called rendezvous , this is what appears in the logcat notice the last line , " new package installed . . . . " if there is any other way , i would gladly amend this : )
it is also worth mentioning that you can install other launchers such as adw launcher which allows for themes which will completely change the look of the homescreen and icons on it . for instance , this antique cm theme is a theme for adw launcher , as is this red adw theme which as you can see looks very different . you can also download replacement contacts apps as well , so you can hide almost all of touchwiz , whilst still keeping the stock rom and with it , the s-pen apps . i have only recently installed replacement launchers because i was beginning to get frustrated with touchwiz and things like it is lack of rotation . makes me wonder why samsung bother with their own inferior launcher in the first place .
one amazing and very much compatible app is memo beta , free and open source s-pen drawing app : memo is a note taking app designed specifically for galaxy note . roms supported : cm9 ( cyanogenmod 9 ) aokp ( android open kang project ) aosp ( android open source project ) paranoid android some features licensed gplv3 open source s-pen combatible ( including side button and pressure sensitivity ) inport and resize/move images from the camera , gallery , webpage or map two finger zoom and pan for inputting those finer details add typed text to notes share notes using mms , e-mail , facebook , twitter , instagram and more left handed mode useful links . github page google play page xda developers forum thread
my favourite note taking app so far is papyrus you can have infinite length note surface and use two fingers to move around the note and a single finger as an eraser . all drawings are vectors . the quick note taking app that pops up double clicking the pen is really shitty and the editing with polaris office too basic . i still have to do a lot of playing and investigating .
at first , there is a current hardbrick warning and a tool to diagnose this for the galaxy note ( and other samsung devices ) . here 's the galaxy note n7000 cm9 team 's current issue list , it does not mention missing s-pen functionality ( unlike an experimental build #1 ) so i guess it is fixed . the cm9 alpha for n7000 announcement on xda also mentions s-pen beeing worked on . and finally , here 's the cm9 builds for n7000 and a full update guide .
according to this it runs the first time you boot up ( cyanogenmod ? ) and prompts you for what google apps to install .
in dropbox , simply add mp3s to favorites and they become available in a stock google play music application ( tested in android ics )
download the app called rescan media from the market , run it then go back to your music player . the music that you downloaded from dropbox should now show up . there are other ways to force this media sync ( unmount / remount sd should do it ) but this app makes it just the press of a button .
if you export the tunes to the sd card rather than the music app then they will show straight up in the music player . just a little annoying that you have got to do them one at a time rather than as a group . dropbox > more > export > save to sd card > select music folder
some of the more advanced music players have the ability to rescan media from the phone . in playerpro you can do menu-> settings-> music library-> refresh mediastore this should then show up any music added since the last scan .
stock android widgets are not re-sizable ( although this is supposedly a feature that will be coming soon ) . if you can re-size some of them one of two things is going on : either the developer of the widget made it that way , or samsung implemented this ability to work for some widgets . in the case of the latter they probably had to set it up specifically for the widgets that do it , so it is unlikely that any you find on the market are going to be re-sizable via touchwiz . however , you do have another option . launcher pro is a homescreen replacement app on the market ; the paid version ( yes the free version is misleadingly called launcher pro ) offers resizing widgets as one of the added features . to my knowledge that would work for any widget regardless of how the developer made it . so if you are willing to put a couple bucks into it , you can re-size any widget that you want .
re-install these official samsung drivers . uninstall current drivers by going into device manager . make sure to check off the delete drivers option if given . reboot . reinstall the given drivers above without connecting the galaxy s4 reboot . go ahead and connect phone and verify that in device manager samsung adb device or equivalent is shown . if it shows an exclamation mark on it or other problem , then in device manager right click on the driver , update , let me choose from a list and choose the correct android adb driver .
you cannot install apk without a computer or working wi-fi or data connection . but , you can install apk via adb to your device . disclaimer : you need a computer/laptop in order to accomplish this . since the device is operational , you can enable USB debugging . then follow the steps given in this thread . an excerpt from the thread is given below . you can manually install your app by doing the following : install android sdk tools from this page ( download for other platforms → sdk tools only . ) install usb drivers for the phone ( usually from manufacturer 's site . ) turn on usb debugging on the phone ( in settings → developer options ) connect the phone via usb ( you can also do this over wi-fi with a number of apps if the phone is rooted . ) open command prompt or terminal and navigate to the " platform-tools " sub-directory of where you installed the sdk tools . issue the following command : adb install path_to_apk\your_app.apk keep in mind though that you are still essentially " letting them have " the apk , since the installation simply copies the apk file to the appropriate directory on the phone ( usually /data/app or /data/app-private ) and registers it with android 's package manager . a knowledgeable enough user can still retrieve the apk . thanks to chahk for his answer . thank him for the solution . correction : in step 1 , in place of sdk tools , you can just copy just the platform binaries ( adb and fastboot ) and continue to step 2 .
well , perhaps the launcher from the miui rom will do what you need- it supports folders , there is no app drawer , and you can pinch to zoom out and quickly change home screens . most other 3rd party launchers ( adw , launcher pro , my personal favorite go launcher ex ) do the same things but keep the app drawer .
after uninstalling nearly all the apps downloaded from play store ( except a few like twitter , facebook etc . ) , i still had the issue . i , then , tried to uninstall google chrome which seems to be not allowed to do in normal ways ( i guess it is one of the default apps of the phone ) . lastly , i found out that there is an update for the chrome on the play store . i updated the app and surprisingly see that the problem is solved . have no idea what happened there and still suspicious about the problem but , seems like i succeed . p.s. i will be grateful if someone explains what happened to my phone , technically . ( does updating chrome change things for the default web browser ? because , i was having the same issue both in chrome and default browser )
also , make sure usb debugging is set to off . find it in settings > applications > development
i was having the same issue , download the latest version of kies ( from the samung website ) and then retry . this worked for me
on the same day you were having the problem mentioned on your question , a cnet article was being published covering the reason as to why you have the update option available but can not just wet perform the update . essentially , you will be getting that message while operators are finishing tests to the update package , in order to make sure everything will work properly , as mentioned by simon stanford , vp of samsung telecommunications and networks for samsung uk and ireland , speaking exclusively to cnet uk : galaxy s2 sim-free owners last to get ics , samsung admits additionally , this is covered at vodafone forums , and linked on page 15 .
yesterday i had the " firmware upgrade " button available and working ( begins to download upgrade components etc ) but my internet was playing up , so i tried again today and all of a sudden kies was telling me "'gt-i9100t ' does not support initialisation " ( and upgrade component downloading window did not appear ) . as suggested by sparx , i checked my debugging setting . it was already unchecked , but i found that when i checked it , then unchecked it ( the phone will prompt you to remove usb cable before you can toggle this option ) it restored the " firmware upgrade " button . frustrations which remain : the process began again but stopped half way through , telling me that " phone battery is low , charge phone battery " ( phone was plugged in via usb and charging already from computer ) . when i clicked ok , the process aborted and i am back at the kies screen without a " firmware upgrade " button again ( so will have to toggle the debugging option again - annoying , but faster than rebooting computer and/or phone ) . kies does not tell you the download size - i have dialup broadband with a small bandwidth allowance and cannot afford to be downloading excessive amounts . it would be really helpful if we could discover the sizes of these upgrade downloads . kies re-downloads firmware update process files ( the ones before it starts downloading the actual upgrade files ) each time i attempt to upgrade firmware - even if this was done 1 minute ago . i would think samsung would have the programming prowess by now to cache these files rather than re-download them ( for me , this also relates to issue #2 ) . i hope this helps others .
this is the same situation as my own s2 , i think that option becoming available is simply a bug in the latest kies update . in all probability the android 4.0 update ( i assume ) you are waiting on has not been released for you version of the handset yet .
for comparison i set up a vm of windows xp 32 bit and installed kies , it recognized the firmware without issue ( both an ace2 and a galaxy s3 ) , kies on win 8 64 bit tells me both phones do not support initialization and the firmware cannot be upgraded ( despite repeated re-installs and troubleshooting ) ! ? ! my feeling from reading other posts and the above is kies has problems with 64 bit environments
a rom for the htc one will not work on the htc one x+ . despite the name similarity , they are completely different phones , with different hardware inside . ( the htc one x+ has a tegra 3 soc , while the htc one has a snapdragon . ) if you want to install a " stock android " rom on this phone , you will have to find one first , and as there is not a google play edition for the one x+ , this is very unlikely to exist . you might be best with a custom rom that does not have many customizations . generally , custom roms do not update over the air : you need to reflash whenever you want to upgrade to the latest version .
nope ! as this phone doesnot have any support for gsm , or what you can say the sim cards that would provide you a functionality to send and recieve messages or phone calls on the go , this phone doesnot allow you to make or recieve phone calls . however , you can use voip , such as google voice , or skype by microsoft . to make phone calls , however if you want to make a phone call such as one you would make by any gsm supporting phone , it will not be happening here ! you need to get 24x7 wifi connection , to make sure you are alive . otherwise just download angry birds and play it in the meantime . cheers .
no . only skype or other voip options . it does not have a gsm module on it , it just has a small chip for data transfers .
there are multiple solutions to this . google play beta has already be mentioned , but afaik has the ( minor ? ) drawback that users need either to be active in g+ or google groups ( at least the former is a no-go for me , which is why i e.g. do not participate in the current se app beta ) . one alternative would be to have a link to where you host your app , always using the same name ( e . g . my-latest.apk ) . this way you just need to drop them a note whenever you have placed a new version , and they can directly download it to their devices and install . another alternative would be using aptoide , where you could establish your own repository/channel ( they call it " store" ) . there is an app available for your users , which is similar to googleplaystore – which means no notices or manual checking needed , updates are signaled automatically . aptoide ( aka bazaar ) permits public and private stores , so you can chose how open your beta should be . for details , you might want to check with the introductionary video clip .
you might provide them a link ! a link on your website , that would provide them with the . apk file . after downloading , the user would install that file in his android phone . after installing , the previous version is auto-deleted and the new version is installed ! user data is saved . but i have never used the developer tools from google play . so i am not sure , whether the google would mark it as spam or not , because some user try out verify and install instead of package installer . verify and install is a google service to check whether the app is spam or not . so i think , if the user tries verify and install instead of the built-in installer , he might get some errors , saying this signature is not found on google play ! or something like that . but just my guess , if your beta is placed on google play , then they will not show up any errors , as they would find a signature on google play too . hope i am not wrong : because i have never used either verify and install or google play developer tools . so i might be wrong somewhere . but still there is a functionality to install apps , but that also depends whether the user is allowing the installation of unknown apps ( apps which are not downloaded from google play ) .
try calling your service provider . some cell companies lock the phone after failed attempts as a precaution to possible theft .
over-the-air ( ota ) updates from your carrier or manufacturer cannot be directly applied on a device that has a custom rom installed . this is due to many possible incompatibilities between the stock firmware and whatever code base the custom rom is using . therefore , most ( if not all ) custom roms intentionally disable any ota checks that usually come standard with stock firmwares . that said , some custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod rom ) have developed their own ota services . these are usually pull ( i.e. . phone checks for available update periodically ) as opposed to push ( manufacturer sends a message to phone to go out and download an update , ) but generally work fairly well . you should contact your rom 's developers to see if such a feature is available for you . alternatively , you can try to return your phone to its stock firmware , and then you will be able to accept the carrier/manufacturer ota update .
the radio is not " on " all the time . just as in any other cellphone , it makes very brief contacts to the towers to update its registration with the network ; this consumes a small amount of power , but the power management design of the radio and the coprocessor which runs it are pretty well done , so it can power up the circuity it needs just long enough and then power it back down again . without that we would not be getting multi-day battery life even from simple candy bar phones . the screen in a smartphone itself consumes some power , but any any time the screen is on , the application processor - which runs linux and android - is also going to be on , and that consumes a lot of power compared to keeping the radio processor registered on the network but not actively exchanging data . with the screen off and nothing holding wakelocks , the application processor can try to go to sleep , and only wake up every few minutes to make quick checks . that is where your real power savings comes from , and yes , scheduling more or less frequent email polling can change this .
with cdma phones the data and voice use the same radio . its going to run all the time anyway because its constantly syncing data , towers , location . . . if you want to stop it without turning off voice you should turn off the apn . doing this will not put your radio to sleep but it will reduce your power consumption . check into apndroid or quick settings , and tasker to set triggers and automation .
the default account is the one that you logged in with first . if this was your apps account and the " remove account " option does not work than on a non-rooted device the only way to remedy this i to perform a factory reset . however the device will still show up on your dashboard , i have devices i stopped using two years ago still there . one other thing to note is that your phone should show up on all accounts that you are logged in with . if it does not , try downloading a free app with that account .
in my rooted lg optimus one ( p500 ) i did the following in my stock contact application : added an existing contact with more than one phone number to my favourite list . opened that contact and long pressed on the phone number which i would like to make it as default . this is not required , if there a number is already assigned as default . in my favourites list , i see the contact name and a button with phone icon . touching the phone icon now calls the default number . this is also verified with default contact app of sony ericsson sk17i running 4.0.3 ( stock and unrooted ) the same can also be done without adding to favourites . long press of the contact in the contact list opens up a menu . in that menu , touching " call contact " calls the default number .
you can create a " direct dial " shortcut on your home screen to do this : on android 1 . x through 2 . x ( and on some replacement launcher apps on newer os versions ) long-press on empty home screen space , and select Shortcuts -&gt; Direct dial . on android 3 . x and above , open the app tray , and swipe to widgets . then find the Direct dial widget and drag/drop it to the home screen . select the contact 's phone number from the list . now by tapping on the created shortcut you will call the number directly , as opposed to having to select the number from drop-down .
as 3rd party apps are acceptable , there are some available which look promising . not sure , though , that they completely fulfill the request , they should still be worth a look : go contacts ex -- from the well-known go-team , and with an excellent rating . feature list mentions two things : " smart dialing " ( just type a part of the number , and it will be found ) -- and " speed dial " . the former is not what you look for , the latter is probably something like " favorites on 0 to 9" . dw contacts and phone and dialer promises the dialer " has many options to make it exactly to your wishes " exdialer offers " speed dial " and promises a lot of flexibility dialer one is also worth a try -- feature-rich , high rated and regularly updated angel dialer seems to be highly configurable ( and again is high rated ) eir fast dialer -- as the name suggest , this one promises fast dialing , and seems a promising candate indeed as said , i cannot promise any of those will do exactly what you wish . but having checked many of them , these seem to be the best candidates . personally , i am not initiating too many calls , so i am still contend with the default dialer . . .
i am quite surprised this has not been said here yet . . . you can slide the list item of your contact to the right to directly call the default number . also , you can slide it left to send a message to that number . to set the default , long press on the number and " mark as default " or via the menu button , in the desired contact view . i saw this on android 2.2 and 2.3 on my samsung galaxy fit . i am not sure the same dialer app is used on other phones . . .
open the contact and : option 1: long press the desired phone number . a pop up will appear . select set default . option 2: press menu button and select mark as default . my phone uses android 4.0.3 .
try " go locker " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jiubang.goscreenlock gives you a wide variety of lock screens to choose from .
yes , there is a privacy setting that will prevent friendcaster from being able to retrieve posts or other info from your friends if they have it enabled . specifically , according to onelouder 's support site : [ i ] t is possible that some of your friends have set their privacy settings to block access to their profile , wall , photos and status updates from third party apps like friendcaster . this setting is found in " account --> privacy settings --> apps and websites " . in “info accessible through your friends” you can see checkboxes for the items that are available to apps . as an example , if your friend has “my photos” unchecked here , they won’t appear in friendcaster . unfortunately facebook has this restriction in place and unless your friend allows third party apps we can not get around it at this time . if your friends are using that setting , the info will only appear on facebook itself .
cyanogenmod , along with most 1 other custom roms , only include android code with a few google parts - all under-the-hood , of course . they do not include apps such as play store , google now , gmail , etc . these apps are available as a separate package commonly referred to as gapps 2 . so the answer is yes , you may achieve a " de-googled " experience if you opt not to flash the gapps package . 1 there are some instances that custom roms already integrate the google apps , but these are rare . 2 google apps
there are many "*2sd " methods , and they generally involve root access . my personal favorite is link2sd . it uses symlinks , which take up ( practically ) no space . the actual program , data , libraries , etc are stored on a second partition on your sd card . this comes with the downside of actually having to create two partitions on your sd card ( meaning it will have to be formatted ) . if you have root , you likely have a custom recovery installed that can automatically partition your sd card . the upside of multiple partitions is that you can mount your sd card when plugged into a computer without causing the apps to disappear from your device . this is because only one partition is actually unmounted from android and mounted on the computer , and the other partition holding your apps is never unmounted .
the easiest way to get around this is to root your device and use an app that forces apps to the sd card ( e . g . droidsail super app2sd ) . limitations of this apps installed on the sd card wont have widgets - they will be broken . apps will not be loaded until the sd card is mounted . some alternatives use the link2sd app to move apps to the second partition of your sd card pros can move libs , and dalvik-cache which take up loads of memory widgets still work apps mounted during boot cons also needs root needs a second partition on your sd card .
sounds more like a bad connector problem . try cleaning the headphone plug using a rough-ish cloth to clean up the ( probably unseen ) oxidation layer . spray the plug using a contact cleaner , then while it is not yet dried , plug it into the jack and do some left-and-right rotation . unplug , and let the plug dry . then replug , and do the rotations again . if the above does not fix your problem , there is possibility that the solder contact between the jack and the phone 's mainboard has cracked ; you need to bring your phone to the service center ( or someone skillful enough to perform cellphone repairs ) .
i have done that months ago for the very same reason , so i can tell from my own experience : you will no longer receive update notifications while on mobile data ( naturally ) no apps will auto-update while on mobile data ( again , naturally ) both is what you want . i encountered no more restrictions . update notifications coming in as soon as the device is connected to any wifi , updates i either do on wifi only . what i did not try is to force an update/install while on mobile data . in theory , this should work as long as you keep the app in foreground – but the installation will stall as soon as you switch to another app ( as then google play no longer is the " foreground app" ) . but that is the theory only , as i have never tested it .
bluetooth was enabled early on in android ( 1.5 or 1.6 iirc ) so any limitation in that regards is from your specific device and not the platform itself . i have successfully used hid bluetooth devices with : samsung galaxy nexus , and htc evo 4g lte , toshiba thrive , acer iconia a200 . i was unaware that there were any devices that disallowed hid device connections actually . in general though nexus [ anything ] devices are the least limited devices on the market at any given time , so i would say you can not go wrong with one of those .
bluetooth hid support was officially added to android in honeycomb 3.1 . any device that uses either this version or ice cream sandwich ( 4.0 -> ) or jelly bean ( future devices ) supports bluetooth keyboards out of the box .
there are two things to check . go into settings from the play store app 's menu . the third one down is update over wi-fi only . turn this off if you want to download apps over a cellular internet connection . it is on by default so that if you have to pay per kb of data you do not get surprised by a large bill . apps larger than a certain size ( i think 50 mb ) only download over wi-fi regardless of this setting . ( the play store app will prompt you if you try to download a large app and you are not on wi-fi . ) this applies to lots of games but not many applications .
finally , i got it resolved . the issue was with apn settings provided by my service provider . fixing that fixed downloading issue .
vmlite vnc server will work for you : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en you connect via vnc viewer , then record the screens
the easiest way , provided your device is rooted , is screencast .
its because of you are using max amount sdcard that an ace can support . ace supports 32gb maximum , and you are using the same . but its fact that ace supports 32gb , but it may cause problems mounting that much higher amount . you can try 16gb class 10 , it may be accurate .
the minimum requirements should be something around 800+ mhz cpu and 256+ ram/rom . that should be for a stock ics rom . custom roms on the other side , are developed for a specific device , so their minimum requirements may be different . this can be achieved by enhancing the rom to be able to get almost the same features ( or more depending on the custom rom ) as the stock ics . the downside of custom roms is that not all go as smooth as a stock rom , since many of them have several core items modified and under certain circumstances they might fail ( or do not response in a good manner ) . if your phone is rooted and you have a custom recovery , i would suggest you do a nandroid backup to save the state of the phone as it is right now and give it a try to a custom rom . if you find the custom rom does not meet your expectations , you can restore the nandroid backup and recover your previous phone rom . for those who are not familiar with nandroid backup , it creates an image of the entire phone ( like norton ghost or clonezilla ) , so if you mess something up you can recover your phone from that image .
as peter mentioned , the requirements given might apply to stock rom . things may look different with special custom roms . take e.g. the htc wildfire , which comes with just a 576mhz single-core cpu and 384mb ram ( see gsm arena for full specs ) , and thus would not meet the minimum requirements . but put paranoid rom on it , which runs 4.0 , and it is reported to run even smoother than before ( no big deal , after kicking htc sense , i guess ; ) so it very much depends on multiple factors : how close does the device come to the " minimum requirements " , and how well was the custom rom optimized . i would say with your specs that close ( even slightly above ) to the mentioned htc wildfire/buzz , chances are good -- very good , indeed : head over to xda , read the topic , and grab your copy of paranoid android for the optimus one ( p500 ) : android 4.1.2 paranoidandroid v2.2 fully source compiled .
on the home screen . . . push settings button and use the trackball to chose " notifications "
you are right i just played with trying to set a dropbox image as my wallpaper , and can not believe that there is not an easier way . part of the problem seems to be that if you open a dropbox image , it is not sent to the gallery or the system default image viewer ( which would let you do things like set as wallpaper ) but dropbox uses its own ( html ? ) viewer . there are feature requests in dropbox 's " votebox " that are requesting features that would fix this . it is probably worth heading over there and letting them know that you had like this feature , this option looks like the most likely ( but you can just go to votebox and search for android to see all the relevant ones ) : add dropbox photos to android gallery update : if you download photos from dropbox , they do appear in the gallery in a folder called " photos " . now that they are in the gallery , you can set them as wallpaper the same as normal . you might need to force the media scanner to start before they will show up in the gallery , this previous question has options for forcing that to run .
when i select an image from dropbox , it opens to be viewed . then if i press and hold the image , i am given the option to open , download , share or delete the image . if i choose open , the image opens in a view similar to the gallery in which i can press menu , then set as and finally , wallpaper . this still requires several steps but you never have to actually download the image from dropbox .
htc one v phone . i e-mail the photo from dropbox to myself . open pic , press , hold , release and your options are there . set as wallpaper and photo saves in gallery ( all photos ) or just download .
like sachin shekhar said , you must use the following command : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package_name&gt;/&lt;full_class_name&gt;  see a concrete example : getting the apk file from your android device or any market places running this command : aapt dump xmltree com.android.settings*.apk AndroidManifest.xml i would like to start " tethering " menu , so i search an activity in the output : (...) E: activity (line=190) A: android:name(0x01010003)=".TetherSettings" (Raw: ".TetherSettings") (...)  so the final command is : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.TetherSettings  the aapt command is part of the android sdk
use this : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package_name&gt;/&lt;full_class_name&gt;  to control an app , you will have to put correct values of &lt;package_name&gt; and &lt;full_class_name&gt; in the command . for example , you can use com.google.gmail/com.google.gmail.check_mail ( hypothetical names ) as last part of command . obtaining package name of an app is easy , but obtaining class name of action is not . there are two problems : many app developers keep class info private . not all developers do smart modular programming . its good habit to divide an app in multiple classes which could be triggered by intents , but not all developers are smart . solution of 1st problem : decompile the app using apktool and see all info . there are also other ways , but this one is always-working method ( unless app is based on ndk instead of sdk ) . solution of 2nd problem : nothing . do not worry , most of popular apps follow best programming practice and they provide Public API from which you can get class info .
i also faced the same issue with the stock alarm . stock alarm was not able to recognize the sd card songs . i vaguely remembered the solution . couple of restarts and removing the sd card from the phone and plugging it again solved the issue fro me . but now i installed alarm klock which has the option to see all the songs on sd card by author and album wise . it has vibrating feature which does not there in stock alarm .
there are a number of apps that will let you set pretty much any sound file ( mp3 , ogg vorbis , etc ) as a ringtone or notification sound . tone picker is just one example .
i am using dropbox and it works fine for me . when you click on a file to see it , dropbox downloads the content probably in a temp file and it will launch in the right viewer . if you long click an item and select download it will put the file in its own folder on the sd card ( sdcard/dropbox ) and the file will be available to a file manager such as astro . if it is not already visible from the gallery application , you can add it by moving the file to the right folder . i know you already used dropbox but i would definitely give it another try .
well , you could try going into settings - wireless and networks - mobile networks - tick use only 2g networks . that will disable 3g connectivity . if you wish to disable mobile data , then un-tick the mobile data option .
airplane mode would kill the 3g connection . . . . but it would also kill the wifi connection . apndroid can kill just the 3g connection . as for the actual 3g problem . . . have you talked to your carrier ? does your phone have to know some sort of preferred roaming list that it is missing ?
dragging an app shortcut from the home screen into the little bin simply deletes the shortcut , not the app . you can recreate the shortcut this way : find the app in the app drawer ( that is , the list of all apps ) hold your finger on the app to pick it up the screen will change to the home screen drop the app where you want on the home screen . you can move to the next screen by dragging to the edge of the screen . on the other hand , if you drag the app icon from the app drawer to the bin , it will completely uninstall the app . it checks first , with the dialog , " do you want to uninstall this app ? " if you answer ok to that dialog , then the app is completely removed , and you can only get it back by installing it again in the usual way .
that symbol is not android-specific : it is the symbol for a hearing aid induction loop . some landline telephones have an induction loop that transmits the phone audio directly to the hearing aid , so that hearing aid users can hear the phone call better than they would otherwise . the t stands for " telephone": because the induction loop system originated on landline phones , using the facility requires switching the hearing aid to " telephone mode " , usually by flipping a physical switch to a position marked with a t . it seems your phone has the same facility . the fact the icon is on the right with the " system " icons , instead of on the left with the notifications , shows that it is a part of the os , not an app . i can not say for sure as i do not have your phone , but i expect you can turn it off in the device 's accessibility settings .
i found that most of the time such type of problem are solved by this link . steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
i was able to replicate your issue . you need to disable hardware acceleration in developer options . this step is for the samsung galaxy s4 , but you should be able to find something similar for your tablet : Settings &gt; More &gt; Developer Options &gt; Force GPU rendering .
i doubt two things here : first , the crash of your computer is unlikely to be meant by that statement ( i will not say it was completely unrelated , but at least rather a co-incidence ) . second , the backup is unlikely to be unsafe – it is rather the restore to be concerned about . searching the web , you can find plenty of reports where a restore " broke the device " , and left the user with crashing apps , not being able to read/write sms , and things like that . such happens especially when that backup was restored to a different rom , or even just with some ota in between . structures might have changed , database layouts looking different ( some columns dropped , others added ) , so " stuff " is no longer compatible with the backup . a restore would simply place the old files back , and thus might change parts of the system which now consist of more files/apps . all those problems are rather unlikely to affect " self-contained user apps " , but quite often happen with system apps . i hope this little excurse sheds some light .
while i am not intimately familiar with sprint 's 4g or your phone ( sorry ) i have found in my own cdma troubleshooting that the built in htc diagnostic tools can be very useful . i found this guide over at xda as one of the better lists of sprint cdma diag codes ( even though it is not for your phone specifically ) . i recommend trying ##33284# or ##3282# , one of these should bring up a utility that lists very specific information about your cellular network connection .
see if cell phone coverage map by rootmetrics is useful to you . it tests your connection and shows db level and upload and download speeds . plus it shows the cumulative data for the area based on yours and other users ' tests along with comparisons to other carriers .
your htc desire is definitely has a malfunction . try to reboot . as a workaround , you can try to configure to do nothing if usb cable is connected . search for option in menu => settings or from notification when connected to pc .
strange . i have an ht desire running 2.2 and do not have that problem . it might be the cable of the charger that is incorrectly registering as being a usb connection ( faulty , cheap knockoff that is incorrectly wired ? ) try another charger . blackberrys also use micro usb so ask a buddy to use their charger
interesting , never had that happen to me . if you can , try what pufferfish suggested - recharge with a different charger/cable ( maybe ask around at work ? ) or if that is not convenient possibly try taking out the sd-card and putting it back in ? i have had my sd-card randomly unmount itself once and re-inserting it seemed to have fixed it .
try another sd card ? maybe the problem is voltage stability . . .
the video codecs are limited to what is supported by the device . this suggests that the codecs are in firmware and not software codecs like you are used to on the computer . this means you will probably need to use something like handbrake to convert your videos to the phone . unless there are in the h264 or 3gp formats that all android phones support . reference : act1 video player faq
if you download a book from the playstore in us , uk , canada or australia , then you go back to your country , you will still have the book , but will not be able to download anymore .
google play books is available in the us , uk , canada and australia . you can find this information on the google play help page , and it has also been noted on the @googlebooks twitter account .
this is because the command you used to invoke heimdall was , heimdall flash --recovery and , heimdall is caps sensitive , try this instead . heimdall flash --recovery . /clockworkmod_6.0.3.2_jfltespr . img --no-reboot
my partition was not called recovery but " sos " . you can check it by doing : heimdall print-pit --verbose from a terminal while the tab is in download mode . i flashed my p7510 . gist : https://gist.github.com/pskiden/6311605
edit : nevermind . turns out the rom manager installation on cm9 was not actually up to date , and apparently my backups were not all named consistently . it seems that rom manager uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd-hh . nn . ss while cwm recovery uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd . hh . nn . ss which is why they did not seem to sort correctly . updating and making the names consistent solved the issue .
this is a because of a bug in heimdall v1.4 rc1 -- the version that shipped with ubuntu 13.04 . what you will want to do is upgrade heimdall to version 1.4 final , or the latest version . . that should do it .
i have been struggling with upgrading my galaxy tab p1000 from 2.2 froyo to cyanogenmod 9 using the official documentation from cyanogenmod . heimdall always failed with the message ERROR: Failed to confirm end of file transfer sequence! ( final version 1.4 in windows and linux ) . unfortunately , samsung kies did not want to upgrade firmware to 2.3 gingerbread . so i desperately tried odin . and voila - i got 2.3.6 running . curious as i am , i tried again with heimdall . this time , heimdall succeeded with installing recovery . :d unfortunately , i got an error when installing any cm image /dev/block/stl11 and /dev/block/stl10 were unmountable . something was still wrong . finally i found this reference , and it worked well . : )
an app like permissions can tell you the meaning of the different types of permissions . for receive text messages ( sms ) : allows the app to receive and process sms messages . this means the app could monitor or delete messages sent to your device without showing them to you .
as far as i have been able to tell , there is no official information on what this permission is for . i have seen this in another app in the last little while . the google hangouts app recently gained the sms permission and uses it ( in addition to displaying your phone 's sms messages in the app ) to process phone number confirmation texts : the hangouts app processes the sms message and verifies your number without requiring you to enter the code ( or even showing you the sms message ) . if i had to make an educated guess , i would assume the twitter app is doing something similar , but again , there is no official word on the purpose of this .
i was concerned about this as well and decided to decompile the app to find out what it is doing . twitter receives sms messages via a broadcastreceiver in com . twitter . applib . client . smsreceiver . here is what the code looks like after decompiling it to java with dex2jar and jd-gui . you see see here that when a text message is received , the app passes the message to a ( ) and checks that it comes from twitter 's number . then it writes the content of the message to shared preferences . as problematic suggested , the app is only verifying your number and not doing anything malicious . although twitter is not doing anything malicious , it would have been nice if they would have explained why the app needs this permission in the last update .
no you cannot , that is done at build/compile of the source of the said android version whatever that may be . when the source gets compiled via . build/envsetup.sh  this is setting up the environment , and that reads in the potential devices via boardconfig . mk within each device/product directory . its when lunch gets executed , the menu shows like this the above is the example of building the rom for the zte blade , notice how userdebug and eng is prefixed !
is the skype app available in your view of the market ? if so , why not just make the call on the device itself ( via skype ) ?
what you need is a a2dp headset , that is one that can send the media audio ( stereo ) over bt . one such is the jawbone icon but a lot of the car handsfree gadgets use it too . i just verified this after updating the firmware on the headset ( which b.t.w. is not a stereo headset but a bt earpiece but has a2dp capability if updated ) . you pair it and it should work . test by opening a random youtube clip on the phone . if it works with youtube , it works with skype . if you still get no sound open your bt settings and hold down on the row that represents your paired headset until a settings window is displayed , go to settings at the bottom and see if " media audio " is checked , if not check and try again . should work now .
both worked fine for me in google chrome . i am using mac book pro with os x maverick and the latest version of google chrome . on firefox ( latest version ) it displays an error : No video with supported format and MIME type found.  on safari it keeps loading . see the screen shot please .
the problem also persists on android 4.3 and most probably also with later versions . i have reported the issue on chromium 's bug tracker and it has been confirmed : https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=331876 there is also a bug report on the android 's bug tracker for the stock browser : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=43414 i hope this issue will get fixed soon .
it is quite an easy task . see the source of the inputdevices system package . or get the ready to use polish programmers external keyboard layout plugin from there : https://sites.google.com/site/polishhardwarekbd/ you will find the app source there as well . regards .
i am interested in this too . however , as a temporary fix i found that the soft keyboard you have selected seems to affect the way a bluetooth keyboard functions . for example : i usually use go ! keyboard . while i have this selected my shift key is a latch ( double press for shift-lock ) and ctrl-c and ctrl-v do not function . however , when i switch to hacker 's keyboard , shift requires me to hold it down and ctrl-c , -v and -a all work as they would on a pc . what i would really like to do is edit the way the fn- functions or some of the iphone of mac keys work to attatch them to my back , recents and menu buttons . this must be possible because one of the keys already works as ' home . '
winamp supports replaygain in its desktop versions , so the android version might also support it ( i am not positive , but it seems reasonable ) . it definitely does support scrobbling , though i have not used it myself . you could give that a try and see if it fits your needs .
deadbeef supports replaygain and many file formats . also has a nice interface , but its integration with the standard music library is not as good . still , well worth a try .
answer is no , you are not uninstalling the app by clearing the app data . clearing the application data is more or less resetting the application to an initial state before being customized based on the application settings , such as preferences , databases . i am aware it sounds contradictory but the crucial element in this is - the dalvik cache has the pre-cached dex class within the dalvik vm for the said app .
sounds like windows had an open file handle when you disconnected and something got corrupted . i would attempt to copy everything over to your computer and then format it . get the usb drivers from somewhere official .
i clicked format on the device , causing the sd card to show up again in windows . format thankfully did not actually format it - in the sense that it did not wipe the data . i only know this because i have installed the demo of zar , which has found image and video files to recover . my options now are to either buy the full version of zar , on the assumption that if it recovered images and video the other data is intact , or to find an alternative program that is free . edit : i am currently running photorec , which contrary to its name , has so far found mp3 files and a txt file to recover . i am hoping it is also able to read obscure or non existent file extensions , so that apps which had decided to locate themselves on the sd card can be recovered .
jabiru project has " legacy ssl " option .
without a volume-down key , you can not : go into recovery mode/download mode without a pc reduce the volume ( duh ) select options in cwm take screenshots in aosp-based roms possible workarounds , by order of mention above : use adb reboot recovery / adb reboot bootloader , as said in the comments use a usb jig to force the phone to boot into download mode go into settings > sound > volumes and change values from there use twrp or cwm touch instead use third-party apps . i think gravitybox for xposed has the option to add a screenshot option and advanced reboot to the power menu , but i have not been using xposed for a long time .
android automatically connects to all wifi networks it has configured . so basically , if you do not want that to happen , you could either turn wifi off ( which would also disable to connect to the other wifi networks , which is not what you want ) -- or delete the configuration for the network you do not want to connect to automatically ( which would make you lose its settings , on the first glance ) . the first option is not in your interest -- but the second can be helpful , even if you do not see this immediately . you could use an app like wifi qr share first to convert that networks settings into a qr code , then print out this generated qr code . store it in a safe place ( e . g . laminate it , cut it down to credit-card size , and put it in your briefcase ) . now delete this wifi networks configuration -- it will no longer auto-connect . if you want to connect it manually , that does not mean to enter all the configuration again : simply open your qr code reader ( barcode scanner should do fine ) , scan the qr , and connect . do not forget to delete the configuration again afterwards . unfortunately , there is no way to mark a network " manual only " , so this seems the easiest way to me .
you can use the locale app to disable your wifi whenever that ssid is in range . you will need the wifi plugin for this to work . reenabling the wifi can be triggered by different events . i chose to use the movement condition to determine when i am leaving . you could also use location or time events to turn on the wifi .
hope this is not patronising , but did you go to sound settings and check that the " safe headset volume " button is deselected ?
you can also press the menu button and then " notifications " to pull down the notification screen . it will not be shorter but you will not risk pressing the shortcuts on the top of the screen . and on some phone when holding it with one hand it is easier to use the menu button than to reach the top of the screen .
you should not need to long tap the notification bar , just tap and swipe down .
to answer your questions , yes - there is an app that will allow you to invoke the notification panel : exsbar allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function . whether or not this is " an easier way " depends on you , the end-user . :- )
maybe the mp4 file contains video packed with a wrong/unsupported codec . try recoding the video to a format that is supported by your phone . a quick search showed videora android converter . it seems easy to use and converts to formats supported by android .
does the . mp4 play as a video on a desktop os ? can you ' vouch ' for the source ? . mp4 is a container format and may well only contain audio , or is corrupt and the player can only salvage the audio . . . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mpeg-4_part_14
i use option 4 ( dlna ) quite beautifully for streaming both music and video to my phone/tablet/ps3 and tablet within wi-fi range in my house . my setup is : pc mediatomb running on ubuntu-linux ( if you run windows , i am sure there are alternatives ) tablet / phone : upnplay ( free on google play ) linked to your favorite media player pros : all media sits on one machine all my devices ( phone , tablet ps3* ) can stream media from that location secure over encrypted network no bandwidth issues cons : my pc has to be on 24/7 . *ps3 only recognises some divx codecs
i have had a squeezebox streaming media player for years and the software which is also downloadable free is pretty good so i use that . i can stream remotely , as per original question , when i am away from the house and i have used xiialive as an android player . it is not as light as player as i would prefer but it works . the server also looks after submissions to last . fm which keeps me happy . all free software . the squeezebox server is also cross platform .
have a look at soundwire .
generally , galaxy devices have AllShare app which is dlna certified software . if your device does not have AllShare , install skifta . now , all you need is a dlna certified media streaming server on pc . fortunately , Windows Media Player 11 on windows xp has this capability . so , you do not need extra software . make sure your music collection is in wmp library . you do not need any extra-terrestrial configurations as dlna certified products feature upnp ( universal plug and play ) . just make sure apps ( or , its services ) are open and are connected to same network ( lan/wlan ) . its the best way for streaming media because its upnp . it was designed to get rid of complexities of traditional media streaming solutions . and , it supports pictures and videos too .
if you are looking to just play music anywhere in the house , the option to just access a file share from your phone and play music from it is probably your best bet . es file explorer has a samba plugin that should allow just that , and most music players should be able to do playlists . as an aside , no matter which option you chose you do not have to worry about bandwidth so long as you are using a locally hosted option to stream your music ( ie , not a cloud service like google music ) . however , if you want a lot of control and the ability to stream to multiple devices simultaneously like an internal house radio station over your local network , i would strongly recommend subsonic . you have an enormous amount of control over your media via the app from any machine running the subsonic app , and they have apps for all phone and pc platforms . the only catch is that there is a $20 license to use the phone apps . however , that would not stop you from just tuning into the streaming feed from your phone and using the browser based interface instead to control your music .
subsonic . it is extremely robust and easy to use . it is open source but there is a licensing . however as it is open source you can remove easily the license . ( and this is perfectly legal ) see https://github.com/khresearch/subsonic
aix weather widget does hourly forecast in a graph . you can find it here : google play link several different widgets have multiple day forecasts . technically , i wrote a widget that does up to 7 day forecast graph , but i could not even get my friends interested in it enough to test on their own hardware . it works for me .
i can without reservation heartily recommend eweather . it does all you are asking for and more . i would be happy to pay for it if i had not gotten it as an amazon free app .
i have a rooted b and n nook tablet and see this same sort of thing . applications are identified primarily by their package name , and most app authors do not bother using a different package name across markets . my nook has the b and n market , the amazon appstore , and google play . these three markets tend to get into a game of tug of war , each trying to update apps to the version they see as most current . the thing to keep in mind is that , just because that market says it has an update does not mean it really is a newer version of the app than what you have , just that the version number is different . i get this quite a lot with the revisions of netflix on my nook as google play likes it at one revision number while the b and n market likes it at another . if your goal is to be completely rid of update notifications from apps you can not update , your best bet is to factory reset your kindle . a complete factory reset will get rid of google play and will eliminate the update notifications . then you can re-install the apps you have purchased via the kindle 's native app store . alternatively , you can re-root your device and let google play updates complete . i do not think this is the best solution for you , though , since your device could end up like mine with different markets each clamoring to apply their own updates in a continuous loop .
kindle fire sometimes has lower versions of apps than google play . install the google play update if you can , but if not then just ignore it or uninstall google play by using es file explorer ( outside source ) or something else . with es file explorer ( kindle appstore source ) ( it is also in the kindle appstore ) just go to app manager , select google play and uninstall it .
easy answer depends on . more detailed answer : this is no easy yes/no question , but has many things to consider . several factors have to be taken into account . picking just the easy ones to make it less complicated : what is the energy consumption in idle mode how much energy is needed per time unit how much data is transfered per time unit how much data do you have to transfer oh , and what is the signal quality of course to make a raw calculation , i have collected some hard data on battery consumptions of components a while ago . you will note it lacks lte/4g specifics , but you can rawly " deduce " those for an estimation . for some " practical examples " , take a look at e.g. 2g versus 3g : does it really save battery ? if you followed this far , you probably reached the same conclusion i came to : there is no " general rule " to give , all depends on " user habits " and " actual situation " ( coverage etc . ) .
the second partition should be fat32/fat16 only because gingerbread does not support linking to ext partitions .
i hope this are the steps you followed : if not just reinstall again your cyanogen mod and it should work .
as you have access to the recovery partition , you should find an update zip that you can flash to it . most likely you will have one on your sd card still , if you updated using the cyanogenmod updater . using the recovery menu , navigate to Install ZIP from SDCard and select it . you will then have to find the update . zip file . it may be in a folder called cmupdater or something similar . if you have a folder like that , find a zip in that folder and select it to flash . erase your data , and try and reboot the device . if that does not work , then i am afraid i do not have any more ideas sorry .
you can go to settings> manage applications> all applications> then , find and select the home app--- scroll down , and select " clear defaults " the next time you press your home key , it will give you the same dialog asking which app to use .
your gsm carrier might have different apn s for 3g and 4g service . if so , you might be able to find a way to use tasker to automate the modification of your data apn between the two . i have looked , but all i can find is using tasker + apndroid to append " apndroid " to the apn name to disable mobile data entirely . useful in its own way , but not in your use-case . if anyone else can figure out a way to make it happen though , i think the potential is there . otherwise , i found a forum post describing how to use tasker to toggle 4g data . they list instructions for toggling lte ; i do not know if it will work for toggling hsdpa/hspa+ 4g on your note ii but it might be worth a shot . here are the juicy bits , modified slightly for clarity : you must be rooted and running a custom rom that supports 4g toggling ( i.e. . aokp ) . step 1: download secure settings step 2: open the app , go to options and scroll down to custom rom actions and ensure that " lte " is checked step 3: open up tasker and create a profile entitled "4g on " and choose your first context ( app = chrome ) step 4: click new task at the top of the tasks list and name it 4g on . step 5: click the + button and scroll to plugins and you will see secure settings . click it . step 6: you will see edit configuration ; click edit step 7: now you will see a list of the options you have enabled in secure settings . we care about 4g , so scroll down to lte and click it . then it will ask you what state you want lte to be in . this is the 4g on profile , so click on . save and apply the task . step 8: repeat steps 3-7 , but now choose the context you want for 4g to be off , name your profile and task 4g off , and when you get to the configuration settings in secure settings , make sure you check off for the state of lte . save and apply the task .
/data/dalvik-cache contains optimized bytecode of each installed app . /data/data contains settings and preferences of each installed app . neither of these two locations are touched when you move the app to sd card using gingerbread 's built-in methods . that is a limitation of android 's implementation of moving apps to sd . cyanogenmod 7 allows you to move more apps than the stock rom , but on phones with limited storage you will still eventually run out of space on internal memory . since you are rooted and already running cm7 , take a look at s2e . this app allows you to move both /data/data and data/dalvik-cache to your sd card . the only prerequisite is that your sd card must be re-partitioned to add a second ext2/3/4 partition , after the main fat32 one . there are many partition tools available ( free and paid ) that can do this for you . i personally use partitionwizard 's minitool partition wizard home edition ( windows , freeware ) . it is also recommended to use a stand-alone usb sd card reader for repartitioning as opposed to built-in readers on most laptops , since those tend to not properly write partition tables to sd cards . p.s. do not forget to back up the contents of the sd card before attempting to re-partition it , since it will wipe all of your data from it .
brilliant app this - sharable . all others require internet and data costs - including bump . also there is no way you could transfer huge files ( full length videos or high quality clips ) via other apps . cross platform support is amazing . android , ios , mac and pc all supported . pretty fast as well .
there seems to be multiple options available . with a relevant internet search there is an application called bump which shares files by simply bumping both devices together . i am not sure if it does it over wifi if available or only does it over 3g . there is another option where you can set up an ftp server on the device using an application called swiftp which is not being maintained anymore but the last update was june 2010 . you can install this on one device and use es file explorer on the other device to compress and upload the file it using the ftp option . a third option would be use hoccer which probably uses their service as dropbox does , though i can not be 100% sure . i would personally recommend the ftp solution since that seems the most straight forward and you get to ensure that you have a direct connection .
wifi direct is supposed to allow device to device communication . it is a new standard that should be showing up on wifi device soon ( not sure when manufacturers will be supporting this ) . here is a list of devices that have been certified , not all phones . my guess is that when an app is released that takes advantage of this , there will be news on engadget or some other place .
i would suggest using dropbox . the interface let 's you upload or download files on an android device . additionally you can manage the files from any computer with dropbox installed on it . i have been a big fan of using dropbox on my droid 1 : )
how about good old ftp ? there are a lot of ftp clients ( some filemanagers support it , too ) and also some server apps ( e . g . swiftp ) .
firefox mobile or another browser would need to support this directly for such an extension to work . do you need a screenshot , or do you just need to view pages offline ? in the latter case , the answers to this question might help : viewing web pages offline .
you can use browsers that support add-ons . for example , i use dolphin browser and use the add-on called " screen cut " / " dolphin screen cut " which allows freestyle screenshot so you can rearrange and measure a certain area of the screen if you so choose it over than a whole screen capture . you can also use maxthon browser which supports this .
you might want to check out the dolphin browser . it supports many extensions , two of them doing exactly what you want : dolphin screen cut web to pdf
firefox mobile + addon fennec screenshot does that job perfectly .
i realize that this is too late to help the op , who apparently could not be bothered to follow up , but for future readers that might come across this in a search . . . samsung products are pretty picky about the chargers they will recognize , and there can be several problems using " known-good " chargers . most after-market chargers are designed for apple devices , and will not quick charge most android devices without a special cable or adapter . but even with this special charging adapter/cable , some chargers will not work for samsung even though they might work for , say , lg ( i have this scenario , so i know about it ) . also , most usb ports , and many chargers , cannot supply more than . 5 amps , which is not enough for many phones or tablets . so , the bottom line is to always keep the original charger and cable to test the device , and if you can , try to get a replacement before you need it , so you can compare it to the original to make sure it works . otherwise , if your original goes bad , and you get a replacement that does not work also , you will never know where the problem lies .
you have not specified the android version , but on tablets the difference is generally because the system bar ( or " combined bar" ) is 48px ( specifically , 48dpi , but in your case that is 48 real pixels ) and the apps are only considering available screen space when they report the resolution : portrait = 768 x ( 976 + 48 ) = 768 x 1024 landscape = 1024 x ( 720 + 48 ) = 1024 x 768 some references : what is the true available resolution of a 10.1 android tablet ? asus tf101 tablet status bar steals 48 pixels metrics and grids ( from developer.android.com; explains why 48 dpi was chosen for ui components )
no , it is not possible . how did i get such result ? as always i started to google this possibility but found nothing interesting . so i decided to check android browser source code . if you want you can download it by typing in console : git clone https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Browser  after 5-10 minutes ( i am not new in programming ) of looking repository i found 2 facts : 1 ) the homepage is saved as one String ( java type ) . 2 ) the homepage is opening by calling this function ( in Controller.java ) : @Override public Tab openTabToHomePage() { return openTab(mSettings.getHomePage(), false, true, false); }  so as you see ( if you know programming a bit ) it returns one tab , not several ( like List&lt;Tab&gt; ) .
short answer : no . long answer : this is something set at a really low level and i have never heard of this as being something that can be modified . it is definitely nothing that can be resolved in a custom rom , maybe a different bootloader , but i have a feeling it is at a lower level than that .
analysis luckily , logcat gave the ip address along ( in my case : 74.125.93.113 ) . on my pc , i first checked with the browser ( "https://74.125.93.113/" ) -- and in fact , connection timed out . next i checked what is behind the ip : host 74.125.93.113 113.93.125.74.in-addr.arpa domain name pointer qw-in-f113.1e100.net.  did not tell me anything . but checking with /etc/hosts on the android device , i found the entry : 74.125.93.113 android.clients.google.com  a lookup of that host reveiled : the ip 74.125.93.113 no longer belongs to it -- which explains the trouble . solution the solution requires root , unfortunately , as /etc/hosts is owned by root and read-only for everybody else . furthermore , /etc is just a symbilic link to /system/etc , which means the entire file system is read only . what you need root a terminal emulator app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) what to do open the terminal app , and follow these steps : now just wait a short time -- or simply call up google play to check . it should not take long for the lights to turn green again .
i have youtube app version 5.3.32 and the only way i could change accounts was to clear the data from settings > apps > youtube and when launching the app again it asked which account i wanted to use .
yes , add both your account to settings > account , then you can choose which account to sign in to on the youtube app . make sure to sign out first swipe left , and tap on sign in you should be presented with an account chooser
no , you cannot add an account to the youtube app and we are forced to use one account . i really do not understand why they have not added that yet . . .
log-in to youtube with your other account and then add it to google account . so next time you can choose either one from gmail ( there is option to switch accounts in gmail ) .
sorry whats app+ is down . they infringes the rights of use of whatsapp .
uninstall whatsapp plus and delete whatsapp folder using file manager . install official whatsapp from play store and verify your number . after complition of verification , just chat with few and then uninstall whatsapp . now finally install whatsapp plus and this time it will verify your number . done .
i actually found this site http://viewsonic-gtablet-for-dummies.webs.com/ , reading through it , its great ! just what i need .
slight disclaimer : i do not own a gtab , so i am not particularly familiar with it . that being said , rooting devices and installing custom roms is at least somewhat similar across devices . i would start by taking a look at this thread over on xda . it has links to a bunch of other threads with instructions on how to get a custom recovery ( clockworkmod ) on your device , how to flash a rom , and a bunch of other useful things . in particular , there is a pretty good guide for installing clockworkmod v08 , which would essentially get you to a point where you could follow the vegan-tab installation instructions . be advised that doing this will wipe all of the data on your device , so make a copy of anything you do not want to lose .
chahk 's answer really deserves more attention , great answer . i would however recommend the app diskusage , which gives a better visualization of used space . for the best features , root is recommended , but not strictly needed .
if you are rooted , this is quite easy to find out . first you need to find the app 's package name , e.g. com.swype.android.inputmethod for swype , or com.google.android.apps.maps for google maps , for example . you can usually search for the app in android market , and the link will contain its package name , e.g. https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.android.apps.maps would be the link to google maps . usually the package names are descriptive enough that you can simply guess which app they represent just by looking at it . you can do a few simple ls commands in terminal emulator or adb shell to find out the app 's name , and where it is stored . however , you will need to have root access to the device since app and data storage is protected . pre-installed apps are generally located in /system/app directory . use the command ls -l /system/app/ to find how much space a particular system app is taking up : on most stock roms you will see an . odex file along with a . apk file for each app - those are pre-compiled binaries optimized for your given device . you cannot remove them . 3rd-party apps are installed to /data/app or /data/app-private directories . command ls -l /data/app/[package_name_here]* should return the amount of space taken up by this app on internal memory . for example , here 's the output of looking at google maps apk : the app data and settings are located on /data/data/ partition . there you will find a directory for each installed app , e.g. /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/ for preferences and settings related to the google maps app . again , ls -l /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/* will return a listing of all files with their sizes : android 2.2 ( froyo ) introduced the ability to move apps to sd card ( or " external storage " on some devices ) . this introduces a level of complexity since portions of the app get moved around . for every app that you move to sd card/media area , the system creates a virtual mount point named /dev/block/dm-X , where " x " is a sequential number . it them moves the app 's apk ( android package ) file and some preferences there . you can view this by issuing a mount command in shell/terminal emulator . along with other usual mounts , it should show which apps were moved to sd card like in an example below : here i moved astro file manager and atrackdog apps to the sd card on my phone . use ls /mnt/asec/ to view the directories created for the moved apps . issuing command ls -l /mnt/asec/* will list the file sizes within those folders : the wrapper for the virtual partition gets stored inside a hidden " . android_secure " folder of the sd card : once moved the app 's apk will no longer be under /data/app/ or /data/app-private/ folders . another area of interest is dalvik cache - an area that contains cached data for each installed app . upon first boot-up or new app installation the system generates a . dex file for each app that it uses for quicker start-up . these files are stored on /data/dalvik-cache/ partition . command ls -l /data/dalvik-cache/*[package_name_here]* will return the space taken up by the app 's dalvik cache . for example , here 's how much space is taken up by google maps app : next , the /cache partition of the internal memory may be used by apps . the command ls -l /cache/ will show you all files stored there , along with sizes and owner information . for example , on my phone here 's the output : besides the standard directories , there is a file named downloadfile-1.apk that belongs to something named " app_13" . i can cross-reference this " app_13" name to the listing of ls -l /data/data/ to see that this file belongs to android 's built-in downloader : finally , apps can use the sd card for their own purposes , and there is really no way to track this , unless the app names its folders something recognizable .
if you are installing a custom rom that is not a " carrier leak " then you probably will no longer receive ota notifications/updates . in the custom roms they remove the ota settings that the carriers use . i do not know exactly what is changed/removed , but i can not even tell you the last time i have had an ota notification . but if you use tools like clockworkmod rom manager you can get notifications for updates to the rom you install if it is added to rom manager by the developers . this is how i get my update notifications for cyanogenmod .
it is most likely related to how the task stack works . in android , an application can open an activity in another application , but the task stack still belongs to the first application instead of the second . for example , if you open a youtube link from firefox then the back button will take you back to firefox . the task stack may often cause apps back button to appear to behave strangely especially if you do not understand how the task stack works ; most strange behaviors with the back button is caused by users that do not understand back stack , but sometimes strange back button behaviors may be because of a bug in the application , or because of application developers that do not understand the task stack and tried to work around it rather than with it ( causing grief for people that do expect proper back stack behavior ) . the task stack is also the reason why the recent apps list may show an app that belongs to say firefox but shows a screenshot that appears to come from the youtube app , and clicking that app will bring you to a youtube activity instead of to firefox . the recent apps list shows both the app name and a screenshot because both are needed to decide which app to switch to . if you want to go to the youtube app to start a new task , you should switch to the app that is named youtube , instead of any apps that have the youtube app screenshot . but if you want to return to the video you watched before that email come that interrupted you , then you want to go to the one that shows the right screenshot , which may actually be named with your browser or newsreader . i used firefox and youtube as an example but this works similarly in any properly written apps .
if the download failed , the broken download was deleted . it is not stored anywhere , and it is not taking up space .
there will be an su binary on the device usually in either /system/xbin or maybe in /system/bin . that is the minimum binary needed for root . there may also be an application called superuser . this allows applications to request root access and gives you the ability to grant or deny the request . samsung can check if the device is rooted ( not remotely ) , like if you send it in for warranty repair , but if it has been rooted , it will void your warranty .
as chahk galaxy s2 has a flash counter which counts how many times custom rom has been flashed . you can reset it with usb jig which works on every version of android . usb jig is a usb device which allows you to get into download mode remove the yellow triangle reset odin counter/reset custom binary counter more detailed information can be found at usb jig faq
id like to add to chanks answer that it is possible that even if you reset the counter ( or it has been reset ) using the app , there might be another counter which counts how many times the first one has been reset . it is not clear if this second counter does exist or not . if it does exist , as far as i know , there is no way to reset it .
most samsung android phones and tablets can be restored back to " stock " firmware via odin or heimdal tools . this wipes all traces of rooting or any other kind of system alterations , and in most cases is sufficient for sending the device in for in-warranty servicing to the carrier of manufacturer . however , with the galaxy s2 series of devices samsung introduced a hidden " flash counter " which keeps track of how many times such a tool has been used . a community developer actually found where this information is stored and created an app that allows you to reset the counter . unfortunately the app only works on ics ( android 4 . x ) right now . see this thread on xda-developers forum for more details .
is tasker installed on the sd card ? i have seen that issue with other apps where some resources do not load . try moving to internal storage .
from what google tells me , this appears to be a touchwiz issue . try a different launcher and see if that fixes it .
i do not think the actual internal storage is full on the sgs ii . it is probably the data or cache partitions that are full . you can go in to the settings -> applications -> manage applications and clear the cache/data for the " high use " apps . i have a lot of apps installed but still have tons of " internal storage " space left , but i only have 11% ( 19.3m ) left in my /datadata partition . it was at about 2mb the other day , but i removed a lot of apps that i do not really ever use anymore . my /data partition , where the applications are installed , has a max size of 1.8gb , but my cache partition , where temporary data is stored , only has 80mb . the cache could fill up quickly if you use apps that cache a lot of data .
i was also facing the same issue and the below link helped : ) http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s-ii/272384-galaxy-s2-cannot-download-updates-new-apps.html this works ! !
i believe you can move apps to the " internal sd card " by going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , selecting individual apps , and choosing " move to sd " if it is supported . though honestly i keep all my apps off the sd , so i do not know whether it tries to move them to external or internal sd .
check the space used up by your text messages , which is stored in internal storage . whenever i receive the " memory full " notification , i delete all text message threads , and that always fixes the problem , especially if it is been months and i have received pictures , etc . i also use sms backup + to backup all of my text messages in my gmail before deleting all of my text messages .
there is no solution to this problem . on the sgs2 , the move to sd button actually moves the apps to the external sd ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) and not the interal usb ( /mnt/sdcard ) . this means that the application 's data is still on internal usb , but the application itself gets moved to external sd . the only solution to install large applications on the internal storage is to repartition the 16gb so that you have a much bigger phone partition and smaller internal usb partition ( they are both partitions of the same physical disk ) .
you can not do either using the official facebook for android app . you have to do it through the website ( presumably the full non-mobile site ; there is a " full site " link at the bottom of the mobile version ) .
see the section on automatic aggregation of contact data in the using the contacts api from the technical resources on the android developers site . as the article explains : when a raw contact is added or modified , the system looks for matching ( overlapping ) raw contacts with which to aggregate it . it may not find any matching raw contacts , in which case it will create an aggregate contact that contains just the original raw contact . if it finds a single match , it creates a new contact that contains the two raw contacts . and it may even find multiple similar raw contacts , in which case it chooses the closest match . two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Parr, Bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Robert Parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Helen ["elastigirl"] = Helen Parr ["elastigirl"] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Bob Parr [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences (Bob=BOB=bob) and diacritical marks (H\xe9l\xe8ne=Helene) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , "(", ")" , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . the article then goes on to explain the various modes that an application can assign to the raw contacts that it creates . depending on the mode , the system will either : automatically aggregate the contact as similarities are found with other contacts . where similarities no longer exist , these aggregations will be removed . never aggregate the contact with any other . perform no further aggregation on a contact , even if that contact changes such that it would be taken out of an aggregate group . aside from this automatic aggregation , applications are also allowed to manually set up aggregate contacts . in these cases , the algorithm depends on the application . finally , you may manually join contacts in the people app by editing one of a pair of contacts , and selecting Join from the overflow menu .
the second user will have to explicitly install the wanted app ( in your example : facebook ) – as otherwise all accounts ' app drawers would be cluttered with a bunch of apps not wanted by everybody , except for those who installed them . but if the app already had been installed before by another account , it will rather be a " fake install " ( i.e. . it appears as if the app would be installed anew , but it is not downloaded again from playstore , and thus does not consume " double space" ) . one side-effect to that is : whenever a user decides to update the app , that update applies to all other accounts of the device as well .
you can install facebook once and log in with different user/pwd to have different setting for different account
a couple of points for those swinging in from google . . uninstalling an app in one user account does not remove it from the other , unless you use titanium or similar , in which case it is gone . if you install an app at the play store web site , it installs into the primary user " desktop " , even if you are logged into another desktop using the exact same account on your android device . theoretically , it should quickly appear in your " my apps " list , so it is easy enough to install into the second user desktop . so if you installed an app and see no notification or icon , this is why . switch to the primary desktop and there it is !
i had to add the following : %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_d001 and rev_0228 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_d001 if you go into device manager and open the properties for the nexus 7 entry , click the details tab and drop the property section down to hardware ids under value you will see the updated hardware values . take these values and add them to the nexus 7 section of the android_winusb . inf file . try re-running the driver install . it will complain that the driver is unsigned . just ignore . . . ; ) if you are using windows 8.1 , you are going to have to reboot in advanced mode with driver signatures disablled for this to work . see this post : http://www.howtogeek.com/167723/how-to-disable-driver-signature-verification-on-64-bit-windows-8.1-so-that-you-can-install-unsigned-drivers/
what fixed it for me was clicking on the " connected as a media device " up at the top left corner , de-selecting media device ( mtp ) and then checking camera ( ptp ) . this essentially made it show up as a different kind of usb device with different options and allowed the process to work perfectly .
try to delete the key upperfilters from HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Class\{EEC5AD98-8080-425F-922A-DABF3DE3F69A}  helped me after 4 hours of trying to connect my nexus 7 to win 7 64bit .
i finally found my problem . this might have been specific to my windows machine , but i am writing it down here in case someone else has the same problem . turns out i did not have a usb . inf file in my C:\Windows\inf directory . apparently some installers/uninstallers have been known to mess with that file . i found the tip in this thread while trying to figure out why my new mouse did not work . . . i copied the four files from C:\Windows\System32\DriverStore\FileRepository\usb.inf_amd64_neutral_153b489118ee37b8 over to C:\Windows\inf and re-installed the drivers and the security dialog popped right up on the tablet .
i have exactly the same device as you , down to the android version and build number . i discovered that it was necessary to change my usb transfer mode . you can do this on the nexus 7 by going to settings > storage , clicking on the strange menu icon in the top right hand corner and selecting " usb computer connection " . i then changed the storage mode to " camera ( ptp ) " , and it immediately prompted me with the permission dialog as shown in your post above . i was then able to deploy apps , debug , etc and it all worked . unfortunately i am very new to android development so i am unable to say why this is the case . i am also unable to say why this worked on your mac . perhaps this is what must be done with this particular device on windows . anyway , i hope that you find this information useful .
got the same issue , and fixed it by updating the driver from the asus usb_driver_r06_windows.zip driver pack . the issue is that this driver does not report properly the supported devices ( at least mine were not listed ) my device is reported as a pid 4ee2 which is not part of the supported devices . i had to add the following lines in the android_winusb.inf file ( in the google nexus 7 section ) %CompositeAdbInterface% = USB_Install, USB\VID_18D1&amp;PID_4EE2 %CompositeAdbInterface% = USB_Install, USB\VID_18D1&amp;PID_4EE2&amp;MI_01  device now appears properly in the device list , and the google nexus 7 is part of the list of devices in adb . in addition , " tap " 7 times on the Settings|About Tablet|Build version to enable the usb debugging .
as i do not use mms , i had to check first : looks like mms have a apn configuration separate from your ( normal ) internet apn . here are some useful ressources : how to set up internet and mms apn on android for any operator a youtube video how to : o2 uk apn settings for android iphone ipad just as an example showing you need both apns ( internet + mms ) -- if o2 uk is your provider , all the better : ) support : apn settings for data and picture messaging ( mms ) : android t-mobile quoting from the t-mobile link : when you receive errors trying to send picture messages ( mms ) or access data or the internet , confirm your android phone is set up correctly . this is usually a problem with device settings . which seems to confirm my initial suspicion : ) so if you let us know your provider , plus your current apn configuration , maybe we can give more detailled help . on the other hand , the easiest was would be asking your carrier for the correct apn data directly ( or visit his website , where they are probably held available -- as my examples from o2 and t-mobile show ) . a google-search ( for " mms apn" ) could also prove useful .
just to add closure to this question , i finally resolved it by downloading an Mms.apk from a different aosp ics build rom . it seems the one that came with the rom i am using has some issues . using the Mms.apk from another rom fixed it for me .
worked for me : Setting &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Google play services &gt; Uninstall update and clear cache
in the " downloads " screen of the market , long click on the app that is stuck installing and you will get the option to delete or cancel ( i can not remember which option you will see but it'll be obvious ) .
my is working when i close the app when the downloading app is at 100% or it didnt start at all i open the app again and its started installing and my app is installed . it isnt a very effective way but its something . : )
i just had this problem , and somehow i got this solved . what i did : entered settings -> applications -> manage applications . selected the market app , and " uninstall updates " . after that , i entered the market app again , and i was able to reinstall the app who got stucked . ps : i am not sure if this was just a coincidence , or this procedure works always , but it worked for me . ps2: my android version is actually in portuguese language , so i am not sure the option names i referred to above are correct in english .
try to do the following : close the play store . go to settings select the apps option find the google play store , and select it select clear data then , try to download your app again .
i keep getting this , and it seems tied to my " application storage is low " message . i uninstalled several large , un-used apps , rebooted* , and the downloads downloaded . *maybe i did not reboot . check the download after uninstall and see if it is continuing . . . . since my file-browser says i am using less than 40% of available phone storage , this is a little irritating .
a lot of things : traffic : if your data plan is pay-per-byte ( or has a data cap/limit ) battery life : updating apps uses the processor ( which consumes battery ) . the new version of the program may have problems , bugs , etc .
also , you might want not to update apps automatically if you have a old/cheap device . on my htc hero , installing apps kind of takes a lot of resources and i do not want the device to slow down randomly .
the main reason why i will not use the feature is traffic . in germany , we have mostly traffic limitated flatrates . so after 250 or 300 mb of traffic or something like that , you will be forced to only use 2g connections for the rest of the month . because of that limitations , i only update my apps when i have wifi access somewhere around me .
i leave it off so that i can review the list of pending updates and see what changed . of course , that only helps for the apps that list changes in the market description . every once in a while , developers do release updates that are a step backwards- either because of introducing bugs or major redesigns that lose features ( astrid , i am looking at you ) . if you wait long enough before updating , then you may be alerted to that situation via comments .
sometimes a developer might release a controversial update : interface changed , ads added , or a lot of bugs were introduced and therefore you may want to hold off before upgrading ( or at least give yourself a chance to back up the apk ) . a good example of this recently was psx4droid .
everyone offers plenty of good reasons not to auto update so i will offer a solution -- use a good backup app such as titanium backup , and you can safely leave autoupdates on and manually revert to an older version if an app changes in ways you are not happy with .
if you want to use your browser to upload the image , try switching out of mobile view from the page footer . then you should be able to upload it the same way as on a desktop browser . you could also use the apps ( either official or third-party ) for more upload options .
using the official facebook app you can upload a picture , either from the gallery , or live straight from the camera , it then allows you to pick an album to add the picture too . open the facebook app and click the camera icon in the top-left corner . you are now given a choice to either go to the camera and take a picture , or go to your gallery and select a picture to upload . while the picture is uploading , there is a text box that allows you to enter a caption for the picture , and there is an icon in the top right corner that will show you a list of all of your icons and pick which one to upload the picture to . once your picture has uploaded , you can go into the photos section of the facebook app , go into the album you picked , open the picture , and you should now be able to read/leave comments , or change the caption .
recommendation questions are not allowed here , but i will give this a shot because i have already encountered this feature . ezpdf reader supports this . assuming you have a table of contents ( toc ) , clicking on a chapter link will take you to a page far from the toc . if you click on the button encircled below , it will take you back to the toc .
i have a similarly sized contact list and i have found that the voice dialer is both slow to load and slow to find responses on my moto droid ( on 2.0 , 2.1 and 2.2 ) . i stopped using the voice dialer and started using voice search ( aka . voice actions ) by saying " call jane smith mobile . " i have found voice search to open quickly and to find contacts quickly . both of those apps came preloaded on my phone and are from google . while i do not know the architecture of either app it would make sense to me that the voice dialer would be affected by the size of the contact list more directly than the voice search app .
usb and bt tethering are available , provided your carrier has not modified android to disable them - some carriers charge a premium for tethering . contact your carrier to find out for certain . desksms is a great remote sms app . you can view , send and receive sms from any web browser on any computer ; the app then receives the request on your phone and sends the sms from the phone itself .
the nice thing about android is that there are many geeky apps available . some of them are even open source and free . so there are many different apps for your task . here are the ones i am aware of : android remote notifier project page - play store forwards and send text messages via bluetooth gtalksms project page forward and send text messages via xmpp other can be found in the related questions on android enthusiasts : how do i send sms from pc through android phone or to android phone ? how can i be informed through my computer if a new sms is received ?
you need windroid htc one x toolkit htc one x ( at least 50% charge ) windows xp - 8.1 usb cable read this xda thread this can help you . .
do not panic . try this : on your computer , browse your rom . zip file , there should be a file named boot.img at top level . extract it somewhere on your computer . plug your phone into your computer via usb cable . boot your phone into bootloader mode . ( power + volume down button for 5 seconds . ) at bootloader screen your phone should say FASTBOOT USB . assuming you know where your fastboot.exe is on your computer , issue this command in cmd: path/to/your/fastboot.exe flash boot path/to/your/boot.img after that restart your phone and see if it can boot into your rom : fastboot reboot
known issue with samsung kitkat build , this is not a webex app issue and has been reported to samsung : http://kb.webex.com/wbx82788
i assume this has happened after a recent update to your nexus 4 to the latest kitkat update ? how did you do this update , was it naturally from google or did you manually force the update by clearing your google services framework cache ? i have seen this happen before .
as your computer is running windows , you need to install the appropriate device driver first . most manufacturers offer one for download on their resp . websites , specifically tailored for the device in question ; but that would also mean you had need multiple drivers if you had multiple devices . a good solution reported to work fine with multiple different devices , and also supporting windows 8 fine , is koushik dutta 's universal adb driver . this would hence free you from the hazzle of possible driver conflicts , if you one day decide to use a different/additional device .
it is impossible , because fs has huge corruptions at different places . you can to use file repare utilities to try repare some data , but mostly it is broken by write to fs at the same moment , as dump process .
yes , but you may need to flash a custom rom , i think that google chrome requires ics or better , but i am not sure , it may be specifically unavailable to your device or your devices stock firmware . if you would like a custom rom , then you will need to start by rooting your phone .
yes . according to the guide here on sideloading apps onto your kindle fire hd it should work fine . you will need to allow the installation of apps from unknown sources which can be done in the device menu . note that for certain apps , including chrome , that need a google account you will need to download and install the google framework and to reboot your device . i will provide a quick summary of the link that explains side loading : the first thing you need to do is install a file manager app . i personally use file expert , but you can use whatever works for you . next you need to get the app file . you can find it by searching on google : ( app name ) apk . so in this case you would search ' chrome apk ' , there is plenty of links from that . once you have those , navigate to the downloads folder with the file manager , and tap the . apk file . click install , and you are set ! you can find the app in apps> device , it will not be in cloud .
it is an very easy process . first make sure that you have the driver installed . if not install this simple driver http://downloads.unrevoked.com/htcdriver3.0.0.007.exe by downloading and running the file . after this unzip the ruu zip file you downloaded . you will see one pdf file and one . exe file . if you want you can read the instructions on pdf file . connect the phone and run the exe file and follow the step by step wizard . things to watch out for : make sure your phone has at least 60% charge . this process will take around 10 minutes to complete , do not unplug the phone until the wizard says the process is complete . your phone will reboot during the process which is normal .
you should configure smtp authentication ( login and password ) when sending outgoing mail .
i think that the ip in question is the ip of your mobile device or the nat router that your carrier uses . de-listing will not help here and would in fact just be counter-productive . anyway , if you use smtp with authentication you should never see this message with an smtp server that is configured proper . assuming that anonymous smtp is not practicable or even possible with android devices , there is nothing you can do .
there are some ways to pin down your problem . the easiest way should be reading out the last_kmsg which is normally stored under /proc/last_kmsg . the kernel logs everything in there and it can be read until the next reboot . so reading last_kmsg always shows things that happened before the device rebooted the last time . another way would be using " adb logcat " or - more comfortable - the app catlog which can record your logcat into a . txt file on the sd-card . be advised that logcat is not the same as a kernel message but it also includes messages from user space apps and ui stuff . if i am allowed to make a wild guess , i would say that it is the rom 's fault ( e . g . undervolting or something else going wrong ) . best regards !
if you are rooted you can try this . in cwm recovery , advance -> wipe battery stats . reboot and drain the battery fully recharge the battery 100 % without any interruption or you can use this app which does the same steps .
galaxy nexus goes by variants such as yakju , yakjuxw , and takju . however yakju and takju will receive updates directly from google . while the rest will be receiving from samsung or probably network provider . the difference between yakju and takju is that takju has google wallet while yakju does not . takju can only be purchased from play store . i assume the one being sold directly from google in the uk is the same one offered at play store which runs takju while the one on amazon runs yakju . in term of phone hardware they are exactly the same .
that is the " recent apps " button . it is alternative of long-press physical home button . if you tap this , a scrollable screen appears containing thumbnails of suspended or closed recent apps . you can tap thumbnails to switch to apps or swipe it to discard .
for those of us who are frustrated in trying to alter the file system to mtp and cannot find how to change it . do not despair . if you have opened samsung keis and connected phone with a usb cable and got the error message , go to your phone and swipe top to bottom on the notifications list you will see the usb symbol on the left hand side and the line stating - connected as camera . if it says - connected media device - then your connected properly . to change from connected as camera , tap/select the line - connected as camera and you will be shown another screen with the camera option selected - just select media device mtp and you will be able to connect to samsung keis , and all will be calm and peacful , no more screaming at the pc or mobile phone .
i was able to copy the data by first rooting the phone . after routing , i can boot up the phone in recovery mode , connect via adb shell , and use cat /dev/mmcblk0 / cat /dev/block/stl10 to get the interesting data from the phone .
i also had problem extracting initramfs . cpio . gz , until i opened this file in editor and seen first 3 ascii letters ( the header ) in my case it was " lzo " , so i found proper soft to decompress " lzop -x " you can find it probably in every linux , for example knoppix has it maybe you will notice other header in your file , so you will need to google it or have a good guess good luck
you can find proper tools to unpack boot , recovery , system and data images here : mtk-tools thread of the author on xda developers , thank him : ) usage : ./unpack-MT65xx.pl boot.img ./repack-MT65xx.pl -boot &lt;kernel&gt; &lt;ramdisk-directory&gt; boot.img 
the google play store will let you know which devices each one is compatible with . the premium was compatible with all my phone-sized devices . note that there is also one that is tuned for the kindle fire called angry birds space hd ( kindle fire edition ) in the amazon appstore .
both premium and hd are ad-free and the latter is for tablets .
i noticed on my tablet when i downloaded the regular free version that is does not have those danger missions , but it does on the phone for all samsung users apparently . on ios i believe it is an in-app purchase . check out : http://www.angrybirdsnest.com/angry-birds-space-now-available/
i checked out the hd version in the google play store on my motorola xoom tablet . i have discovered that there is virtually no difference really , and definitely not worth the $2.98 . feel free to check it out for yourself , because unlike ios , android has the option to refund your purchase within 15 minutes , i believe , of the time of purchase . i refunded mine because the only differences i could find were that the start-up screen after the white " rovio " screen was not stretched ( but every other screen/level i tried was ) , and also when you are in a level or at the start-up screen where you press " play " , the pause buttons are slightly larger . i also believe it is pointless to purchase the premium version on either a tablet or phone , because the only difference is that it is ad-free , to my knowledge . a helpful little tip that rovio does not want anyone to know is that the ads the put in the free version require some form of internet connection to be generated in the game . so to solve this , you could just put your phone/tablet on airplane mode if you want since it is simpler , but all you really have to do is disable the wifi and data services on your smartphone , and boom - no ads . obviously , on your tablet ( assuming you do not have 3g/4g ) all you have to do is disable wifi . i actually have widgets from hd widgets ( which i highly recommend and is well worth the $1.99 ) that allows you to disable both data services and wifi with the tap of a button . and there you go , you have just saved a dollar . or three . hope this helps and clears things up for everyone .
for my samsung galaxy ace phone , i had to install samsungkies to be able to mount the sd card in the pc , didnt work alone . maybe is the same with you
you should be able to drop the rom image anywhere on the sd card and then use , for instance , rom manager to install it ; just open rom manager and select ' install rom from sd card ' and browse to where you dumped the rom remember to backup your existing rom before proceeding
easiest option is to shut the phone down , remove the sd card , and put it into an sd card reader in your computer . you generally have to reboot into recovery or a bootloader anyway , right ? typically the folder is /sdcard on the phone 's filesystem . if you can put the phone in " mass storage " mode ( as opposed to kies or mtp mode or whatever stupid your manufacturer does ) , it should just be the /sdcard folder . if you have to flash a recovery or a new bootloader first , you can flash from /data/local as it is supposed to be user-writable . if you have adb set up , you can use the adb push command .
yes , blocked contacts can still see your online status .
try enabling airplane mode . it will shut down all the radios on your device - cell , wifi , bluetooth . then try explicitly turning the wifi back on . not all devices support this - driver issues , i think - but in many you will wind up with the cell radio disabled and the wifi on .
if you have no reason to why the wifi drops , you might try changing the wifi sleep policy . the wifi sleep policy handles when or if the wifi connection shall switch to mobile data . if this option is set to the default value , when screen turns off , wifi connection automatically switches off when the phone has been idle for a while . you can try setting this to never , which will keep the connection on , even when the phone is not used . to change this setting , navigate to settings -> wireless and networks -> wi-fi settings -> [ menu ] -> advanced -> wi-fi sleep policy .
turn off mobile data usage . go to Settings-> Wireless and networks-> Mobile network ( you should uncheck this ) . some manufacturers may have a widget for this , such as htc did for my incredible ( v1 ) .
maybe it is not the whole answer but two things seem to have made a big difference : one , my captivate was recently upgraded to froyo officially . the new youtube app seems to perform remarkably better . two , and this is the really interesting bit , i switched from wpa on 802.11g to wpa2 on 802.11n , and my wifi speeds went from ~200-300k to 4-5m . not sure exactly why but it is definitely something to consider if you see performance problems in an app that relies on the network . . .
some videos just can not be played on your phone because the bitrate ( or needed processing power ) is too high for your device . this might even happen in the middle of a perfectly working video , because it is using a variable bitrate ( which just rose above what is possible ) . that is why youtube can get slow as well for a short time . it only gives up when the processor is at near 100% and it starts missing a lot of frames . that is actually good design . apart from that , i think there might be some bugs in youtube yet ( but alas it is not an open sourced app ) .
the pin layout between the working and not working head phones might be different and hence this behaviour . though it appears to be simple there is no one standard to which all these manufactures seems to stick with . for instance my lg p500 's stock ear phones exhibit this issue with sony ericsson sk17i , while sony 's head set played well in my lg p500 . the same problem exhibits when i use my lgp500 head phones in my desktop computer . while doing so , i just pull out the head phone slightly out to solve this issue .
i have nokia earphones which i got with my musicxpress , and they behave the same way . the audio in the human-voice range gets really really garbled . over time , i learned how to use it relatively well : if your earphones have a button ( generally for answering calls , etc ) , when that is pressed the sound comes fine , but when not pressed , sound is garbled . i use a clip to hold the button pressed mostly ; ) if on a computer , you can adjust the balance of your sound output to either 100% left or 100% right . then the sound comes alright , although sound from one channel is lost , but the vocals come perfect . downmix to mono . not supported in windows 7 and linux by default , but there are plugins which can do it ( like dfx ) .
the update is just a bug fix update , no new features . the lock screen bug that you mentioned allowed bypassing the lock screen for a short amount of time , details can be found for example on theverge or androidcentral .
the xda article how to - connect nexus 4 to xp like mtp device describes the steps needed for windows xp as follows : connect your nexus to pc . go to my computer> properties> device manager and double click on mtp device go to details and copy ( ctr+c ) info like ( usb\vid_18d1 and pid_4ee2 and mi_00 ) ( you can copy it from here too , if it is identically ) unplug nexus from pc . go to c:\windows\inf folder ( it is hidden ) find a file " wpdmtp . inf " and open it with any text editor ( notepad ) modify or paste ( ctrl+p ) what did you copy at step "3" as bottom i showed . save and close the file . connect your nexus to pc go to device manager and update mtp driver . tick chekbox " install the software automatically ( recomenden ) " on driver installation dialog and install driver . wait for a moment and you can see nexus 4 like an mtp device . now you should see the mtp device , and be able to transfer files to it . hope this solves your issue : )
you can fix android force close error by going through the solutions given in the presentation tutorial . find it here http://www.slideshare.net/stenaglass/android-force-close-error-fix i am hopeful that you will resolve your problem as i have already fixed it ! wish you best of luck .
if you are asking for a remote desktop solution that allows you to view/control your desktop/laptop from your android mobile device over local wireless network , the answer is : any rdp/vnc app . personally i use pocketcloud by wyse . it supports both rdp ( microsoft windows , built into the os ) and vnc ( cross platform , if you have a linux computer or apple toy you want to view/control , or you prefer vnc on windows ) protocols . either rdp or vnc will work over a local network and , if you have proper firewall configuration and dns setup , can be used over the public internet as well with reasonable security . vnc requires a server to be running on the computer you wish to control . there are several " flavors " of vnc out there , and many of them are free ( as in beer ) . check out tightvnc for a pretty solid version . rdp requires you to enable remote desktop on your computer . in later version of windows it is disabled by default . the good thing about both these tools is that they are protocols , not confined app systems . as in , you do not need a microsoft app on your android tablet to view an rdp session , and you can install any vnc viewer app on your tablet/phone to view any type of vnc server . ( note : with certain types of authentication in vnc , i have found some viewer apps do not work . just find the right combination for what you need . ) if , however , you are asking something different , please clarify your question to indicate what it is you are actually asking .
microsd cards ( virtually ) do not increase performance . they only increase the amount of data you can store . your phone can go up to 32gb but most people will not need that . go with the cheaper one since you will not notice a performance hit .
that is another xy problem question : you ask how to establish your suggested solution , instead to ask how to solve your real problem , which is your actual concern . for this task , you do not even need any custom rom . take a look at andmade share -- this app lets you customize your share menu on any rom , not even root is needed : as you can easily see , this app lets you . . . select ( filter ) the apps appearing in the list ( as your question required ) change the order in which they appear in the list ( e . g . put your most frequently used apps on top )
the connector must be a bit loose ( or incorrectly sized ) and as it wiggles around in the socket , it hits the connectors in a way that makes the phone think it is equipped with a mic ( that is , a trrs plug instead of trs ) . try another pair of headphones or try twisting and aligning the plug/cord so that there no pull or twist in the root of the cord .
i had this problem with a trs to trs cable , but not with trs headphones . it maybe improper sleeve length due to the housing being irregular .
you could flash an incorrect baseband into the phone . it will knock out the phone radio part completely until a correct baseband is flashed . at least this is true on my verizon droid ( sholes ) .
why do not you simply remove the sim module from that phone ? android can work well without sim . the only thing that you miss is the ability to protect the market ( or any other apps ) with a password . one of the following apps could help you achieve the desired result : protector smart app protector
re : 1,2,3 removing sim card is the safest option , but you could try enabling modified airplane mode in the system settings : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/provider/settings.system.html in adb shell you could try : re . 4 have you tried apps like https://market.android.com/details?id=com.vlobe.smartappcloud.android.parentalcontrol you could also remove the market app completely and only install apks via adb .
there is an easy method . go to notification panel by swiping from top to bottom . you can see all missed calls
you could change the way the logs are " viewed by " . go to logs--> settings--> view by--> all logs . if it is already on all logs , then quite possibly the logs are full , try deleting some or all of the logs .
go to logs , press Menu , select View by , then select All logs .
though not the identical issue , the solution provided with the question download stuck in gmail solves it as well : clear the cache of the download manager . to do so , go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , switch to the " all " tab , scroll to the " download manager " . tap that entry , and hit the button labeled " clear cache " . optionally , also tap " clear data " , if cache-cleaning alone does not solve the issue .
have you installed usb otg helper just recently ? did it " coincide " with windows refusing to recognize your device ? if so - that is your answer . go ahead and disable the application . and do not re-enable it until you actually need it . and then disable it again when you want to connect back to your pc .
this blog has a simple way of initiating a call via the command line . service call phone 2 s16 "+18001231234" . combine that with vi0 's answer , and you could have a script to dial a phone number by pressing the button . i have not tested this to see if dialing 911 would work , but i do not see why not ( unless android specifically disallows that ) .
i started implementing my own solution for my device . here ( source ) is a program that ( started as root ) will allow you to start shell scripts using series of button presses . currently having started this monitor ( andrhard 66 /h/andrhard &lt; /dev/input/event2&amp; ) i can easily toggle the flashlight without unlocking the phone ( using /sys/class/leds/lv5219lg:fled/brightness ) now the problems is how to call/answer from shell scripts . . .
in phones with cyanogenmod rom you have voice dialer facility . launching it will vibrate the phone with a beep informing you that it is ready to receive your voice input . speaking to it like " call john " or " call 911" etc will make the device to call . to enable this to work without the touchscreen you may have to configure the hardware keys . to do so , go to settings-> system-> hardware keys . enable the custom actions and you can configure the search key 's long press event for launching voice dialer .
go to start . type device manager . do you see some icon with a yellow triangle exclamation mark in it ? if so , you probably did not install any drivers . install the samsung usb driver or the google usb driver .
if your only goal is to format the sd card , you can go to Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage -&gt; Unmount SD card and then Format SD card . this should standard on all phones , at least it is on my galaxy s . you can use bluetooth to send/receive files to/from your phone after pairing it with your pc but not format .
a quick bit of experimentation shows that they will be able to view your cached gmail , but will not be able to download new mail .
ok , so let 's clarify the problem . can you please explain which file is for ? for example , what is the " ta . key " for ? normally , there is the file list on server 's side : server . conf ( the configuration of server , seemed you have not got this file ? ) ca . crt ca . key dh1024 . pem and the server should also contain a set of client keys . for the client side , it should have : client . crt client . key ca . crt client . ovpn ( or client . conf ) i cannot see why you have ta . key ? for how to create the p12 files , here 's the instruction : open a linux terminal ( note : you should have openssl pre-installed ) , enter openssl pkcs12 -export -in [ pathtoclientcert ] -inkey [ pathtoclientkey ] -certfile [ pathtocacert ] -name [ friendlyname ] -out certs . p12 ( you should replace the contents of square brackets with yours and no need to keep any square brackets . ) then the p12 file named certs . p12 will be generated . hope it will helps .
first of all , check the Keys tab in tomatovpn to see if you already have some default keys defined . if not , check out the openvpn howto for info on how to generate the keys . next , copy the first two keys ( ca and server certificate ) from the text areas to a text editor and save them with .cer suffix and transfer them to your phone . cm7 should be able to import .cer certificates directly but older versions may need to use . p12 files ( see this link for info on how to convert .crt -&gt; .pem -&gt;.p12 ) . after this , go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Install from SD Card to load the certificates to the phone .
purely random placeholder picture . the colors are quite likely different so it looks more colorful than having one single , boring placeholder picture on every contact .
nothing in the manual about it , and i have not been able to determine any type of pattern with the colors . i think it is totally random to break up the monotony of the contacts list or something .
have you tried using vplayer ? it should handle any mp4 , avi , divx , etc . video that you throw at it , without the need of converting it .
sorry , have not updated this in a while . since i was only using the free 2gb microsd bundled with the phone , this was causing the problem . so i purchased a 16gb , this fixed the issue . thanks !
yes . seems there is a problem . the touchscreen takes inputs that was never made . have a look at this http://www.thinkdigit.com/forum/mobiles-tablets/122921-official-android-discussion-thread-73.html#post1836923 there are various problems of android that lg ships on the p690 . i would suggest installing a good custom rom , which should fix the problem if it is not a hardware issue .
i had the same problem with the touch-screen of lg p690 . i have installed a new custom rom and searched a lot for answers . in my experience , it is a hardware issue causing the touch-screen to randomly press itself . my solution ? i have a new phone .
upload the map to google from your device on maps.google.com, click " my maps " ( top left , below the google maps logo ) select the map you want to edit click the ' edit ' button ( top right in the left sidebar ) the line is now editable . right-click points on the line you want to delete and select ' delete this point ' .
i think so . find the message you sent in the " messaging " app . long-press on it . choose " copy message text " . now run the mail app , compose an email , and in the body of the message , long-press , and choose " paste " from the pop-up menu .
open the case and look at the battery . it should say 1500 mah .
without special measuring equipment and some kind of a reference - no you can not ( not in mah ) . there is no app that would provide you with that kind of information , at least not accurate enough .
there is an app in the market that claims to do this for htc phones ( search " battery mah " to find it ) so i believe its theoretically possible . i would guess that instead of actually measuring the enery stored , its making estimates based on the phones specs and actual use . i do not know how accurate it is and i am pretty sure it would not be accurate on your phone . one problem is that even an estimated battery capacity in mah is very hardware dependent so you had need an app specifically for your device and there is not one at the moment .
not currently , but the slide . me application manager ( sam ) 4 will have support for updates .
black is the default plot color for android , so this is the placeholder until the app completes it is layout operation . there are a number of things that can cause an app to have a delay here : performing a network call ( s ) . loading data from disk . garbage collection from other tasks . restoring a complex drawing . you can check to see if it is related to network latency by putting your phone in airplane mode and opening the app . if the app pops right up , the long delay is likely due to a network call that takes a while to complete ( and completes immediately as an error when there is no connection ) . the other three are trickier to test for . if it is garbage collection , you will likely only see the delay when other apps have been recently running and then switching immediately the misbehaving app . you can completely uninstall an app , including user data , and then re-install to see if it has something to do with your personal settings .
the black screen is probably related to ' lag ' . this lag can be caused by a number of things . on the samsung galaxy s its a ' known ' problem that the memory used for main storage is pretty slow . especially when another app is writing a lot of data ( mostly big downloads and marketplace updates ) when i am updating applications or creating a lot of data traffic i generally just do not use my device for anything while those apps are busy , this should help you too prevent the ' black screen of lag ' on your device .
i have seen this before , it seems to be when the application is loading or switching back into the foreground while the os is busy doing something else . seems more likely to occur when in the middle of a sync or while happening to receive a text message or some other notification causing event .
you are basically having a " no permissions " error , where your pc 's adb is not able to identify the device that you are connecting . as you said , you have a htc explorer , which i do too , with kitkat ; ) so here 's how you had be fixing this " no permissions " error : first , you had need to create ( if inexistent ) , the 51-android.rules file . since you have a htc device , we will just be adding the " rules " for a htc device , so that your adb can identify your device correctly . first , obtain superuser permissions using : sudo su  and type in your password . note that you can not see the password being typed , but its still being typed . then , create the file , if not exists , using the following command : touch /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules  this basically creates a 51-android . rules file in the appropriate place , if it does not exist . now , for adding the rules , we will just append some text to the file , a correct config , which can be done using the following command : echo "SUBSYSTEM==\"usb\", ATTR{idVendor}==\"0bb4\", MODE=\"0666\", GROUP=\"plugdev\"" &gt;&gt; /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules  this basically appends the following text , to the 51-android . rules file . SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTR{idVendor}=="0bb4", MODE="0666", GROUP="plugdev"  what the above text is , is the appropriate permissions for a htc device . now , disconnect your device , kill your adb-server , if running , using adb kill-server  and , reconnect device . now , try running the following command , to see if your device 's actually connected : ) adb devices  you should see an output similar to : List of devices attached XXXXXXXXXXXX device  hope this helps : ) p.s. in case you are searching for rules for other android devices , this link at source . android . com might help : initializing a build environment . look for the " configuring usb access " section : ) also note : a better option would be to install the " android-tools-adb " and " android-tools-fastboot " packages available in the ubuntu repositories . this can be done using the following commands : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot 
facebook have a separate app these days called facebook messenger , this has both facebook 's chat and inbox features in it . why they have split it out into a separate app now , i do not know , but this should give you what you are after : facebook messenger is a faster way to send mobile messages to friends . with messenger , you can send and receive messages with any of your friends around the world or anyone in your mobile contacts list . messenger is available on iphone , android , and blackberry . messenger lets you : send messages instantly to other friends who have messenger chat with friends who are on facebook get free push notifications for incoming messages
strangely , this does not appear to be possible in tasker , by default . however , i see there is the autoshortcut app on google play which is meant to allow it . interestingly , tasker itself will tell you about autoshortcut ( complete with a link to google play ) if you press the magnifying glass icon when attempting to add a plugin action to a task ( i will update this answer with screen shots when i get around to it ) . theoretically , it should also be possible using the Send Intent action , but that seems way more complicated than should be necessary for such a simple task . if autoshortcut does not work for you , let me know , and i can try to figure out what the intent settings should be .
my advice would be to switch to automagic . what you are asking is a simple matter of selecting the " class " option in " launch app . " it gives you a complete list of available " shortcuts " to launch . automagic has 90% of the functionality of tasker , and requires fewer plugins . however , it will also use all the plugins tasker can use . also , the interface is a hundred times easier to learn .
if you see the 3g/4g symbol and the arrows are just grey , that just means that you have data connectivity but there is no send or receive activity at the moment . i guess you made an false assumption : the data radio is only off ( deactivated ) if you do not see the the symbol at all . otherwise , if the symbol is there and the arrows are grey , your radio is on , but there is no traffic happening at the moment .
are you using the original youtube app by google ? alternatively , try using http://m.youtube.com using your stock browser .
are you using a battery saving app like battery xl ? if so , try to disable it , it caused me a lot of problems . have you tried also to switch on airplane mode and switch it back off and retry ?
true network connectivity issues are usually pretty easy to identify as they would affect data to/from every app on the device . are you also having trouble browsing the web , running speed tests , or streaming other types of video ( like netflix or other flash players ) ? do you see the same issue on a stable wifi connection ? if you are in an area where sprint 's wimax coverage is spotty your phone might be switching back and forth between 2g/3g/4g trying to find the best connection - this could be the delay you are seeing . even in areas with good 4g network coverage , some kinds of 4g radios can show inconsistent speed and reception results . if you disable wimax/4g do videos load correctly ? if you disable 3g as well ? this strikes me as a more app-specific problem . does this occur with every youtube video ? does changing the video quality ( "hq " button , top-right corner in landscape mode ) change the symptoms ? check these areas , i suspect you will find an operating mode that lets you view videos without frustrating delays .
if you are rooted and have a custom rom , you can try this . basically mounts your external sd card as the internal sd card , and the internal as the external .
i asked the same question over on ask ubuntu and someone suggested it was a dodgy usb cable . i am kind of speechless , but indeed , swapping the cable solved my problems . now when i plug my phone in to a usb port , i get a little notice that the usb is connected . onward .
it is for installing vpn and ssl client authentication certificates that you use to access vpns or web servers that use certificates as logon credentials . it is fairly rare to need to use credential storage for the majority of droid users . if you do not possess any digital certificates that identify you , it has no value to you . ( found in some forum )
you need to get kies . download it , install it and let it do its job . it will install all the drivers that you need to connect your samsung gs3 to windows .
i had the same problem but on windows 7: phone was charging ok but not recognized as external device . i suspect an update of android version is the reason . i found this solution on the internet and it worked in my case : power off your phone power on the phone in download mode ( volume down + home + power ) press volume up to continue in download mode -> you should see an android bot and some informations about your os ( rooted or standard , . . . ) plug your phone into your computer using your usb cable windows should now discover it and load the driver ( from windows update ) power off your phone power on the phone ( classically this time )
the bluetooth device names come from the device itself , so unless there is a way to do this from your headset , this is not possible , at least on stock android . a quick google search revealed a thread that claimed cyanogenmod 7 can do this ( it creates an alias for the device , does not change the name itself ) .
simply put , no . web pages are complex to the point where it is effectively impossible to determine what bits are necessary for the page to be usable , readable , maintain the right order , etc . for an arbitrary page . when you couple this with poorly-coded websites containing errors and the like it becomes quite a mess . this is why the two things you mention are not perfect .
if you use google reader to read the webpages on your mobile , you can use its " settings " to have outgoing links to reformat linked web pages for mobile browsers . it works quite well for most webpages .
is contact syncing enabled in settings/ ( accounts ) /corporate/ ( your exchange account ) ? view one of the contacts and go to menu/edit . at the very top , does it show that it is attached to the exchange account or the google account ? if it is the google account , you need to make sure to select the exchange account when adding the contacts . if it does show the exchange account and syncing is enabled , edit your comment to reflect this for further support .
acccording to this xda thread , it does not support glonass they ran gps tests on both galaxy note and htc one x , the former of which does officially support glonass ; and the former showed 2x the amount of detected satellites .
you pretty much answered yourself : you move your apps to your sd card , then you unmount your sd card . no sd card -> the apps in it are not there anymore -> android considers they have been deleted .
try leaving yourself voicemail , then listening to it , then deleting it . ( sounds like something i had to do a few years ago )
long-press on the notification and you should get a little " app info " box . hit that , then hit " force stop " . if the app info box does not appear , go into settings -> application manager -> all , find the phone app , and force stop it . that should send the notification packing . if it comes back , the problem is t-mobile sending out erroneous " you have voicemail " announcements and you will have to talk to them about it .
figured it out by looking around the system files . apparently , it is stored in /system/media/theme/default/ in the file called icons which is just a zip file without an extension . simply extract icons and i got the stock icons i needed .
i have since found that this is neither a push message nor a cell broadcast . i disabled both , yet still received these . one of the two was already disabled by default , can not remember which . apparently by inserting the sim card , i got an " app " called " mts menu " . this is the app that shows the messages . using app master , i found that this app comes from /system/app/stk . apk : &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; " stk " appears to stand for sim application toolkit , basically a feature of sim cards that enables operators to bundle " value added services " , aka bundleware/crapware . it is really stupid that android comes not only with this feature enabled , but also makes the source of these pop-ups very difficult to trace .
no . however , you can use an app like widgetsoid and then create a custom widget which when pressed will toggle a number of options like brightness , wifi , bluetooth , 2g/3g and of course mobile data . this will happen without any confirmation dialog popping up .
you might be able to get a replacement battery . that is much cheaper than buying a new smartphone . try here : http://www.shopandroid.com/device-selector-lg.htm
yes it is perfectly safe . but u should be rooted to remove it . i have removed play-store on my galaxy fit a long time ago , reason being it always triggered the installation of google play services .
i had the same problem but with another device ( htc touch diamond2 ) . you need to edit network settings . write by yourself ip-adress , subnet mask , router of current wi-fi . i think to find out this information for you will not be difficult .
there is absolutely no magic here caused by a mysterious " dalvik speed patch " . the author said that in the comments himself by stating : Lol... I just mention dalvik speed patch, actually it's a kanged lib file...  so it is just a wording issue that you took as a rumour . the higher antutu benchmark scores are very propably caused by overcklocking using the franco kernel only . regarding your second thought about the fb hack : the fb hack has has nothing to do with this question . by the way , it is super ugly and something facebook should be ashamed of : http://jaxenter.com/facebook-s-completely-insane-dalvik-hack-46376.html
yes , you can - details here : http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/why-you-dont-need-third-party-apps-to-manage-background-data-use-in-android-jelly-bean/ from the article : " to access the data usage screen , open your android phone’s settings screen , and tap data usage under wireless and networks . you’ll see a graph displaying how much mobile data all apps on your phone used over a period of time . specify the “data usage cycle” time period that your carrier uses to determine your monthly data usage and you should see the amount of data you’ve used in the past billing cycle . " hope it helps !
there will only be problems if you rely on background services to do processor intensive tasks . for example , on an older android phone , music running in the background would skip when the cpu was set at a low enough clock rate . so to answer your question , only if it is noticeable to you .
you should be able to do this from the settings of the camera app , rather than the system settings .
check this out . it is a step-by-step guide on how to load a rom with fastboot . maybe it helps . also , additional info can be found on xda forums .
it looks like a non-trivial issue , i am afraid . the logcat output you provided did not actually give the cause of the issue . may i suggest that in the meantime you use another launcher ? nova launcher and apex launcher are particularly good replacements for you note 2 , or if you want to get fancy then tsf shell is fun .
i answered a similar question the other day - basically you are referring to side loading which most developers do not actively support , but if you email them and ask for an apk , i suspect most will be cool with it .
i also have a kindle fire and i install non-amazon apps all the time . you can download free apps , including trello from aptoide : it is a market like google play but it works on kindle fire . it has almost every free app you can find in google play .
aptoide says to install applications from aptoide you need to install aptoide client to your phone . do not seem to have a way - that i can see - to download it to kindle . only then can you download trello . this guy on youtube has a video for sideloading android apps on kindle fire without needing /using apk . actually quite simple . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5gcmcmppd8
it looks like the developers were thinking about putting this app on the amazon app store back in august but have not actually done it yet . in the meantime there is an unofficial trello client available on the amazon store , called " hojoki " . or the web interface should also work .
google supports photo syncing , but you can disable this . if you have google+ installed , disable auto backup . open the app 's settings , and go to Auto Backup &gt; OFF . disable google photo sync . on your phone 's settings , go to System settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; username@gmail.com &gt; Sync Picasa Web albums . make sure sync is disabled . update 2013-11-22: as per damien golding , it is also worth noting that the settings of the camera must be checked . in his case , google photo sync was on in the Albums setting .
unfortunately it is a common policy for resellers to cancel the warranty if the buyer upgrades the rom . several manufactures though allow upgrading for their official roms , but i am afraid this is not the case for freelander , for which unfortunately i have not found any official rom ( at least not in chinese ) . i am not sure what are the legal aspects of such policies . in any case there is a risk involved when upgrading a device that the device may be ' bricked ' , ie be rendered unusable if something goes wrong . now regarding the roms for the particular device , i believe i have found mainly two alternatives . the first is to use a rom from a similar ainol device . the link for the rom is http://pan.baidu.com/share/link?shareid=352175935uk=420337580 ( use google translate to identify the download button which should be the second at the right hand side ) . the update procedure along with some testimonials can be found on : http://www.slatedroid.com/topic/82866-android-422-on-freelander-pd80-wise/ according to those testimonials , the only thing not working properly after the upgrade is the front camera . the second alternative is to use one of the cyanogenmod roms ( 10.2 or 11 ) for allwinner a31 device . in the above links you can find all relevant information , along with whatever may go wrong . i have not yet evaluated any of these but i will eventually as i own such a device and the existing rom is nonsense . please provide any feedback when available .
no i do not think you can do that directly with vlc . but you could use another app like bubbleupnp or upnplay , they are made for the purpose .
well you can play music with vlc but only through another app . i did it like this : downloaded es file explorer on your android device of course : ) when you open the Es File Explorer you will see 3 icons top center ( local , pc and cloud ) : click on the middle one ( pc icon ) a new page just opened . bottom left corner click on new : after that just fill in the necessary fields and save . now you can brows through you nas and listen to all the music and even watch movies if you have any :
apps for android are compiled into a dalvik , machine code like format before they can be run on the device . this means that everything is compiles , and things like java etc cannot be updated on the device - as the device does not actually use java . it could be possible for malicious code to be installed into an android app , however google play does check all apps for malicious code on upload , so you should be safe as long as you download from google play .
yes . from the widget , select the contact name ( not image ) . this brings you to the contact info . select the chain link in the upper right hand corner ( it should say linked in your specific example ) . finally , select the image in the upper left corner . you can select the image source from there . i tested it on the htc incredible . edit : i was originally referring to the favorites widget but basically , the favorites widget is just an example of the people widget which can be the any-group-at-all widget . ( i apologize if this is obvious , caffeine has not fully sunk in yet . )
first long click on the image you want , select options came and again long click on the image then drag and drop the image to any album you want .
as previously mentioned it is from go launcher . there is , however a setting to disable it . go to preferences and there should be an option to disable the christmas animation . i can no longer find it in mine but i do know it was there when the animation was appearing .
welcome to the club -- it is from the launcher , i have got that one as well since about that time . as golauncher also started spamming my notification area , i used lbe to forbid it going to the network , which worked fine -- but the xmas stuff stuck since then . so , common issue : golauncher not going to the net ( i forbid it , and you do not have network connection often ) . solution : enable network once again , update the golauncher . at least here , santa seems to be gone .
this does not directly answer your question , but you could use an ftp app instead , an app which runs an ftp server on your phone that you then connect to over your local network using a client such as filezilla on your desktop machine ? ( this is how i transfer files to and from my own android device , the usb is just too slow and unreliable )
system apps are always installed in /system but when system apps get updates , they are downloaded to /data as an update to the /system app . if you download an app from the market that its already installed in /system , it will upgrade the one you already have , but it will not install it as a duplicate . in your specific case , if you find an updated version of adw launcher in the market and you download it , you will be able to use the updated version of adw launcher if its the same app as the one in /system . if cyanogenmod has a modified adw launcher on /system and you install the original in the market , you might end with two different launchers ( i have not tested this part , so i do not really know if it will be an update or another app the one it installs ) .
you could install an alternate launcher like nova and assign the buttons to do different things . alternatively you can flash a rom that has the home button going to google search by default .
galaxy s3 stock rom has s-voice on home key double press ( do a double click like with a mouse ) , its not google 's app but its not so bad at all . if you want to launch another app ( like google 's voice search ) , you need to decompile , edit and recompile the framework . jar of your phone to add that function . i would suggest you ask about the change in the cyanogenmod forum , since it should be fairly simple .
most tablets that comes with the Bluetooth share app installed , and have a bluetooth option in settings , while not having a built-in bluetooth , typically indicates support for such dongles . i have used generic android tv box ( cdr-king brand ) with no bluetooth built-in but has a menu for it . plugging a bluetooth dongle to a usb port activated it . based on this , your tablet 's rom does not support bluetooth . my advice is to root it , and flash a custom rom with bluetooth support if applicable .
the kernel on your device is tied heavily to the version of the android operating system you are running . sony releases your phone with the " stock rom " ( think a " stock " car in stock car racing ; no customization , just as-is from the factory ) , including the stock kernel . normally , your kernel would be updated when the operating system - your " rom " - is updated . this would be the only way to get an official ( from sony ) upgrade , and so the only way you had get one supported by sony . i point this out only to remind you that installing a kernel as described below will possibly void your warranty , as the changes are not tested or condoned by sony , and may operate your device outside the intended limits , or possibly render it useless . what you find on kernel . org is the human readable kernel source code for not only smart phones , but computers and all devices using the linux kernel ; such as android tablets , tomtom navigation systems , or linksys routers . the version you find on your phone has been tweaked specifically for your phone , with all the drivers needed to make things like the touchscreen and camera work . most likely you will not be building a kernel yourself from the source code , but doing one of two things , instead : downloading a kernel built by someone else , who may have used a combination of the newer sources on kernel . org , and the drivers and settings from the kernel released by sony . this would be installed over the top of your existing kernel on your phone , and to you , the phone would appear the same- think a windows upgrade that changes things behind the scenes with little or no noticeable changes to the user . a popular feature in custom kernels is overclocking ; this runs the phone at a faster speed than it was originally designed , but will probably decrease the life of the phone itself , as overclocked chips run hotter than intended . the risk is something you should research for yourself ; i personally slightly overclock both my android phone and tablet . downloading a custom built version of android built specifically for your phone . some of these custom roms are extremely similar to the one sony releases , including maybe the same kernel , or possibly the same interface with a different kernel . some of the custom roms are extremely different- possibly changes to the user interface , various settings , maybe additional features borrowed from other phones- and may include a custom built kernel , complete with drivers so your phone 's camera , wireless radios etc . all fully function . this may ( and almost always does ) require you to completely wipe the existing software on your phone , as if you were wiping and re-installing ( or installing a newer version of ) windows or macos on a computer . it is rare that custom roms can be installed as an upgrade over existing , " stock " roms . after " flashing " ( installing ) the new rom , your phone will behave as if it is the first time you have turned it on . proper backups are key , and you may want to look into apps such as " titanium backup , " which save settings and apps that can be restored after your phone has been " flashed " with a new rom . as for finding which custom kernel or custom rom to use , that is entirely up to you , and you should do a bit of research . most importantly , i would ask why you want to use a newer version of the linux kernel on your phone . if there are no issues you can point to that would be fixed with a newer version , and no specific features you could gain from using a custom kernel , there might not be a good reason to change . sometimes newer kernels can increase battery life by tweaking the way the phone operates , reacts , sleeps etc . , but not always . it is possible the ' best ' kernel to use is the one sony currently includes with the version of android currently on your phone . you may find a custom rom that includes certain features or changes to the user interface you had like to see , and that rom may use the same kernel sony has made available . now , kernels and roms are device specific , meaning you will not be able to use a kernel or rom as-is built for , say , an htc or samsung device , or even most other sony devices . i would highly recommend the xda-developers forums ; a community for users and programmers who have taken to building and collectively supporting custom kernels and roms for various devices , as well as toolkits for rooting devices , installing new kernels and roms , and backing up/restoring all the software on your phone as a whole ( just as you would to backup and restore a computer in case of a hard drive failure ) . odds are , if anyone has built a custom rom or kernel for your phone which is stable enough for the public to use , they have mentioned and linked to it there . the steps to prepare your phone for a new kernel or completely new rom vary from device to device . your device comes " locked"- not allowing custom software without acknowledging that you are taking a risk of ruining your device- and will need to be unlocked first , following the instructions on this official sony site . then you will need to install a custom " recovery " ( software which loads before android even starts , and is independent from your rom ) , and use that recovery interface to make a backup of your current rom before making any changes . you then use the recovery to wipe the device and install the new rom , or just install a new kernel over the top of your existing rom . the forum for your specific device , the sony xperia e dual , can be found here , with discussions on how to complete all the necessary steps for your specific device , tools you may need , and custom kernels and roms in the two ' development ' forums . i can not stress enough that you try to find a walk-through that you are comfortable with understanding , as you can easily leave your device in an unusable state , or in extreme cases , " brick " the device , rendering it more or less useless . most roms come with a list of steps to follow , and , fortunately , other device owners , and the people responsible for the custom roms and kernels can be a helpful resource . good luck , and welcome to one of the very best parts of owning an android device : customization !
try pixelpipe , it lists both dropbox and flickr support .
for flickr , i prefer flickroid ( available in market for free ) . it is an extension from the share menu . for dropbox , i use the official dropbox app .
dropin is what i currently use to automatically sync all my photos and vidoes straight to dropbox , works well , does what it says and has some useful settings .
if you install the official dropbox app it adds a " dropbox " option to the share options in the standard gallery app . there is not an official flickr app for android at the moment , but there a number of 3rd party apps that allow you to upload from your phone to flickr , i have not tred any of them so can not give you a recommendation , you should be able to find most of them with this market search .
a new app dropsnap has been released that allows seamless automatic uploading to your dropbox account . automatic uploading is a paid for extra , but manual sync'ing can still be had with the free version . for a full review see here
this question is related more to outlook than android . android syncs with google calendar and even if that case , deleted calendar events cannot be recovered ( google support - can i recover a deleted calendar event ? you can try to : go to your deleted folder in outlook ( yes i mean deleted mail ) and check if deleted events are there . after deleting they go to this place . check if you have any outlook backups check if you have any android backups , maybe you use titanium backup or similar software ? other than that i can not think of any other way of restoring your calendar events
there is the bluetooth pan profile which allows just that . it is included with cm7+ and from android 4.0 onwards ( or already 3.0 ? ) . bluetooth pan 's host ( the device that provides the internet ) acts as a router which does nat + issue dhcp adresses for its clients . there are also bluetooth dun profile apps that allow this ( they provide a virtual gsm modem and may also allow for more than 1 connection at a time ) : see host+client bluedun apps from mirko solazzi
your three options are probably : downgrade maps use the browser-based google maps ( perhaps in incognito mode if you are paranoid ) use some other map application regarding osm , i think they do not have an official app , so you could also try to use an app that uses their data . the osm web site allows address searches , so that may just not be implemented in the app you are using . there is a bunch of osm compatible apps and their features listed here .
as far as i know there is no way of doing this directly . however you have a few options : enable google 's backup ( Settings -&gt; Privacy ) . it will sync your settings and app list to the cloud , as well as any app data for apps that support it . if you are rooted , use titanium backup . it can save all your apps and data , and you could put the backup on your sd card . you will not want to restore the data for system apps between two different phones though , since they are unlikely to be entirely compatible .
a phone connected through the usb , no . but if the phone is instead connected through bluetooth to the pc , you can try to turn on hfp ( hands free profile ) bluetooth profile service from your pc 's bluetooth stack . the only way i found this possible was from the bluesoleil bluetooth stack software where you can set the bluetooth to parade as a " headset " instead of " laptop/desktop " and hence your phone can connect to the pc thinking it is a headset . however , bluesoleil is not free and the evaluation version allows only 2mb worth of voice data packets in one connection after which the connection is automatically interrupted .
i think you may want a symbolic link . you can create them in any good linux system using ln -s &lt;link_target&gt; &lt;link_name&gt;  eg ln -s /data/app /mnt/sdcard/data/app  or ( while in /mnt/sdcard/data ) ln -s /data/app app  you will want to be careful regarding removing the sdcard - you will need to completely shutdown the device prior to removal , and the same sdcard will likely need to be in the device prior to booting .
open the website from a windows pc with firefox and this addon to view exactly what is saved into localstorage . . .
it varies from website to website . html 5 has a feature called local storage , which lets websites store a modest amount of data in the browser for future visits . they are a bit like cookies , but can be used to store more data . like cookies , different sites use it for different things . some sites ( most commonly web games ) use local storage to save the javascript and other files the site uses , so that you can keep using/playing it even when you do not have an internet connection . or they might use it as a cache for icons on the site , so it loads faster next time you visit . some sites use it to save your preferences on the site ( e . g . search options , or what posts you have read ) to give you the same view or content on multiple visits without you having to login and save preferences on the server . they might even use it for your content : for example , a forum site might save draft posts/comments in local storage before you post them , so your work is not lost even if you lose connection to the site while writing . because the data are not meaningful outside of the site , and only the javascript on the site knows how to interpret them , chrome does not offer a way to view or edit the data for each site . css tricks has a brief description of local storage , along with some examples of what sites do or might use it for .
if it is the same people ringing you regularly what you could do is : add them as a contact , under ' ignore1' , ' ignore2' etc . whenever they ring go to contacts -> select ' ignore1' -> options ( or action menu ) -> select ' all calls to voicemail ' or if you do not like this method then you could try : mr . number : text , call and block ( free ) extreme call blocker droid ( paid )
you can also try call manager .
you could try backing up your messages with something like sms backup and restore and then wiping the messaging apps data and cache .
i had a similar symptom once and it was caused by the sim card coming loose , so try this : turn the phone off completely , eject the sim card , replace the sim card , and turn the phone back on again .
it is not solution via bluetooth , but you can try application airdroid : airdroid on google play it has a lot features to synchronize your phone with your computer . you can play the music from your phone on laptop , just install this app on computer and on phone and sync them . edit : if you need to play music from laptop on your phone then try this app : soundwire
your laptop and your have to be in the same network . install mediahouse upnp/dlna on your phone . laptop needs to be on and run the app . that is it .
in pc : open windows media player switch to libraries view . then click the organize drop-down menu , select manage libraries , and choose music , pictures , or videos . a library locations window will open , in which you can add other folders simply by clicking the add button and browsing to the folders . now click stream select the option automatically allow devices to play my media click turn on media streaming [ if u get error " windows media stream is not turned on " click " windows service administrative tool " goto " windows media player network sharing service " double click on it in start type select automatic ] connect your android via bluetooth in android : launch bubbleupnp when it opens , tap the devices tab at the bottom of the main interface . assuming that your pc is on and connected to the network , and that streaming is enabled in wmp , your pc should show up in the select library list in the bottom half of the devices menu . select your pc in the list , and tap the library tab at the bottom ; you’ll then be able to choose from the music , videos , pictures , and playlists folders available on the pc
why not use a usb cable to connect the laptop with the phone ?
once you pair the phone to your pc , you should be able to playback audio from you pc to the phone if your phone supports a2dp .
according to the osi model , you can use any transfer protocol in any medium . so , it is possible . in fact , the standard transfer protocol for bluetooth is very similar to tcp . anyhow , i can not find any android application able to do it .
if you are talking about using your mobile phone as a tethering device over bluetooth then sure this is : pdanet is linux ( ubuntu etc . ) supported ? meanwhile only bluetooth dun is supported ( requires android 2.0 ) on linux . we are working on a linux port for usb tether but it may take a while . via junefabrics . com edit sorry for misunderstanding you . could any of the following mpd control applications on the android market help you ?
tcp/ip and bluetooth are different protocols . although , technically this would be wifi vs bluetooth . a wifi device ( which uses tcp/ip ) cannot communicate with a bluetooth device , they essentially speak different languages . it would be possible to have an application on your phone and computer which communicate via bluetooth and then the computer side could then send the necessary commands to the music player . you had have to develop , or get someone to develop , the apps though .
i put my phone in " airplane mode " to save battery and prevent annoying notifications .
the ' power control ' widget has five buttons for turning various functions on and off - including one controlling updating of applications ( the circular one with two arrows on it ) . you can add this widget by long pressing ( press and hold ) somewhere on your home screen , then selecting ' widget ' from the menu that pops up , then ' power control ' . i believe that if you press the ' refresh ' button to turn it off , it should stop applications updating automatically , but they can still be refreshed manually if needed . the widget also has handy buttons for easily turning on and off wifi , bluetooth and gps , and changing screen brightness . it takes up a whole row on the home screen though , so you might need to make some room . edit - the below image shows the power control widget with updating turned on , and all other functions turned off , taken from : htc desire review at android . marvinlee .net:
i disable 3g data . i still receive/make calls and receive/send sms using " beautiful widgets " .
since you do not want to disable wifi or data use , i would check each of the social apps to see if each of them have a setting to disable updates that you can turn on/off or set a time limit on . getting a task killer which can permanently disable apps from starting would also help . you could always turn off wifi and/or data use until you need it since these settings are easy to get to in the phone .
yes , you can see here that the htc 's rom is referred to as " internal storage " ( although it says 1.1 gb ) : http://www.htc.com/www/product/incredibles/specification.html .
note that the html5 client-side storage is not in either of those locations . to clear that , you need to go into your browser , press the menu button , select , more , then settings then scroll right to the bottom where you can see ( under the advanced heading ) website settings , now you should be able to see which websites have stored data on your phone ( shows as a rectangle that fills up , the more they store ) , as well as what other permissions you have given websites , like which ones can use your location data .
to reset the flash based data storage ( technically like cookies ) , you have to wipe the data for the flash plugin . home => settings => applications => manage applications => adobe flash player => clear data . i would do the same procedure for your browser application , too , if have nothing valuable saved in the browser settings/passwords . i wish adobe had provided some form of privacy configuration application as they started to include with latest flash plugin for desktops .
hi you may also wanna check rawvision : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.caketuzz.rawvision cheers
i just released a raw viewer for android . it has a very basic importing tool ( it is something that i did for myself to be able to review the pictures in a bigger screen ) but the best thing is that it can be used as one of the possible actions for images from your favorite filebrowser . it is name is rawpal gallery . you can find it in the market : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.rawpal.gallery i will apreciate any comment or sugestion . regards
searching the market , i found rawdroid demo . it says it'll open raw files from dslrs including canon . i have not tried it and it does not seem to have many downloads , so i am not sure if it will work .
i know that my phone -- htc 's evo -- actually has a diagnostic tool thats sole purpose is to drain the battery as fast as possible . open up your dialer and enter : *#*#3424#*#*  you do not need to press send or anything . a recent update for the evo blocked these tools so hopefully you can still access them . you can also look up device specific codes if yours happens to be different . rooted users have found a way to get these tools back . the utility turns up brightness all the way , prevents sleep , turns on the camera and flash , turns on the gps and constantly polls it , etc . basically everything that can drain the battery but not damage the phone is done ( ie it does not constantly vibrate because that would probably be bad ) .
this question is along these same lines : what causes battery to drain faster than it can charge ? so there may or may not be an app designed to drain the battery but you probably just need to turn on an app that uses the gps . this will help to fully drain your battery but i do not know that doing so before recharging will extend the battery life .
video looper . no permissions required . works for me . [ update ] in addition to video player above , just found a " loop one " option buried in the options of mx player
do not do this . you are actually harming the lifespan of your battery when fully discharging it before a recharge . see this site for a discussion of how depth of discharge affects battery life . the only reason you might want to fully discharge before a recharge is if you have a nicad battery that is susceptible to the memory effect . your smartphone most likely uses a lithium-ion polymer battery , so there is no good reason for you to totally discharge your battery . the lifetime is longer if you have a shallow depth of discharge .
activating wifi-network sharing should empty the battery in a couple of hours . after the first couple of charge cycles the battery should be at optimum performance . how this works i do not really know . but after the initial couple of days i had a little more of use out of a fully charged battery .
slideme supports paypal . but i dont know what their " inventory " looks like compared to android market . you could try to get the paypal debit card and link that to a google checkout account , if you can . . .
andappstore , but it does not offer anywhere near the number of apps as google 's market .
most phone/contacts apps list all contacts , from all added accounts by default . there are several system and application options that could resolve this confusion : from the home screen , press the menu key and go to settings -> accounts and sync . under the Manage account section go through each account ( by tapping on them , ) and verify that the Sync Contacts option is only checked for accounts that you really want to have synchronized with the phone . open the phone app and go to the " contacts " tab . press the menu button and tap the Display options button . check the box next to Only contacts with phones option to hide any contacts that do not have a phone number associated with them . under the Choose contacts to display section , expand any accounts that you have chosen to keep in sync in step 2 , and select the groups you wish displayed in the phone app by marking their check-box . keep in mind that some manufacturers have their own versions of phone and contacts apps , so the menu choices might be slightly different ( or even missing altogether . )
i second chahk 's answer . also , if you sync your contacts with your google account , you can easily manage them online , including merging duplicates .
the critical failure seems to be the use of a usb hub . on my transformer i can mount two different thumb drives and an sd card at the same time . the left port us usbdrive2 , even when only one thumb drive is plugged in . so it appears to me that it is a honeycomb thing mapping each port to a specific directory , ignoring the possiblity of usb hubs . unfortunately i no longer have a usb hub to test this theory on since my wife has watched one too many hoarders shows . the a500 only has one usb host , but it also has a microsd reader in additon . so an alternative solution you may want to consider is using a micro sd card in your camera in a sd adapter and then popping that into the a500 . a microsd card is quite a bit cheaper than a transformer + dock .
according to how to install clockworkmod recovery on sony xperia neo v this should be possible using unlockroot ( download ) , which requires a windows ( xp/vista/7 ) computer . the process is described at how to root android devices using unlock root tool , basically as follows : you should have a backup of your data ( for safety reasons ) your device should be fully charged usb drivers for the device should be installed on pc usb debugging must be turned on in the device connect the device to pc using usb cable run the downloaded tool , and click on “unlock root” , that’s it . another guide available is learn how to root the sony ericsson xperia neo v -- in case you are not satisfied with the described method ; ) good luck !
i went into the gmail app and turned off the alerts there under settings , reached by the menu key . that way , they both receive the mail , but only one sends the alert . do not know why i did not think of this before , thinking it was going to be much harder .
cyanogenmod - in a vanilla or official build - will not typically contain a bootloader . on many devices there is really no good way to even overwrite the bootloader because it is on protected memory ( the bootloader is " locked" ) and cannot be overwritten . it installs a boot image and a system image ( i.e. . writes to the /boot and /system partitions ) . i have heard that some builds will also come with a recovery image , but i have never seen one that did this . unlocking your sim is unrelated to your firmware , and cm will not perform a sim unlock for you . cyanogenmod 's wiki itself states : cyanogenmod , however , does not " unlock " the device . most carriers " lock " their handsets to prevent customers from buying a handset and moving to a different carrier . carriers depend on these " exclusivity " agreements to bolster revenue . for example : if you buy an iphone in the us , you are stuck with at and t or verizon , whichever you bought from . to use the handset on another carrier 's network it would be necessary to " unlock " the handset . this is done with a code based on the imei of the handset that can be provided by your carrier or firms on the internet that are slightly more reliable than a nigerian prince . unlocking cannot be done by installing cyanogenmod , or any other firmware for that matter . i would further assume that the bootloader on your device does not have any kind of bearing on the sim lock . htc allows bootloaders to be unlocked on certain devices , and their website specifically states : please note that unlocking your bootloader does not mean that you will be able to unlock the sim lock . unlocking your sim lock is at the discretion of your operator/carrier and is not part of the bootloader unlocking scope . i would guess this is likely similar on other devices , though i am not specifically familiar with huawei 's hardware or software .
no , cyanogenmod and other custom roms rely on your device 's bootloader . in general you do not want to mess with the bootloader since doing so is an easy way to brick your device . the bootloader does not really have anything to do with the sim lock usually . i do not know of an android-specific way to unlock this phone , which means you will probably need to use a paid service , which are generally pretty sketchy . a quick google shows that some people have had success with this tool .
i would assume yes . from allaboutgalaxys4 : the device supports the fat and the exfat file systems for memory cards . when inserting a card formatted in a different file system , the device asks to reformat the memory card .
vpn capabilities ( pptp , l2tp and ipsec ) for android were included from version 1.6 ( donut ) onwards .
it is routed by the carrier so even if your phone is off it will get appropriately routed to google voice . with non-android phones you have to type the carrier specific activation code into the keypad and hit send to make the change at the carrier level . the google voice android app takes care of this for you with a simple toggle in the settings menu .
you are absolutely correct in stating that the bottleneck is actually not the encryption/decryption but nand write rate . in fact , the performance observed for read/write of encrypted v/s non-encrypted does not vary significantly owing to high cpu speeds . what you might look at though is the rate at which block level encryption happens for the first time . once the device is block encrypted , the performance numbers are pretty close . you can use androbench to profile your device pre and post encryption .
i found the solution what i did ? 1- press volume Up+Power+Home button it show three option fast boot normal boot settings 2- then i clicked settings then it have lots of option i selected Factory reset/Delete and click on Menu button , this button you can see with Home button then it again show Delete User Data then again menu button some more option and then ok to delete user data . it resolved my issue .
when you get the small white dialog with the green buy button , press the down-arrow in the top-right corner ( next to the price ) . then click on payment options and add credit or debit card .
as dan has detailed in his answer you can change it via the play store on your phone or you can manage your payment methods via the google wallet site . this should allow you to remove your old/damaged card and add a new payment method .
chmod will never be supported . that is on purpose according to comments in the source code . here 's a reference to the fuse implementation on github pointing to a comment that says this . and the original head on googlesource ( a bit harder to navigate than github ) . even root cannot bypass it : note that ownership is hardcoded to media_rw:media_rw ( below /data/media ) . ps : /data/media is another story , all the regular permissions apply here , it is ext4 and root is allowed to do whatever it wants .
you have got it wrong . the fuse filesystem is specifically designed to remove permissions and case sensitivity . you cannot chmod in the /storage/* mount points . also know that if you change the permissions on the actual sd card mont point /mnt/fuse or the internal storage /data/media directories you will break the fuse system and thus the /storage/* mount points as well .
no piece of software that you install on any hardware of any form is 100% safe unless you are the author or you have read all of the source code , verified its safety , and built it yourself . okay , so this may be something of an oversimplification , but it is actually not too far off in most cases . custom roms are no exception to this . yes , a rom author could put spyware , a backdoor , or just about anything else they wanted into a rom if they wanted to maliciously exploit it . with aosp roms i suppose the possibilities are somewhat magnified since the android source itself could be modified to contain some kind of exploit or spyware . it is also worth noting , however , that running a manufacturer stock rom is not necessarily a safer option if you are concerned about privacy . the question " is android safe by default " is in some ways kind of a meaningless question . is it designed to be safe ? well yes , data is protected at the application level and apps are sandboxed . any os is intended to be safe , but all of that goes out the window when you run a rom that is not pure aosp . on top of that , the nature of code is that it has bugs , with android being no exception . custom roms and manufacturer roms alike can absolutely have the potential to introduce ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) ways for your data to be sniffed or stolen .
while this question is not often asked , it is one of the best concerning android safety out there . custom roms are not safe at all . ise only official firmware and os .
the " draw over other apps " permission ( known to developers as android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW ) only lets the app create a window of type TYPE_SYSTEM_ALERT . this is the same type of window used by the battery warning , amongst other things , and is shown on top of any normal window , whatever you are doing . drawing this window on top of the other windows is done by android itself . an app with this permission still can not read other parts of the screen or read other apps ' data . this permission does not even let the app see ( the names of ) what other apps are running , which is controlled by a different permission called , " retrieve running apps " . facebook messenger does not use that permission , but the main facebook app does , in order to support facebook home . even so , this permission is far from harmless . an app might use this permission to display pop-up ads when you are doing something else : ads that you can not dismiss , not even by pressing home . with a bit of cunning , it might even be possible for an app to place a window that conceals an important confirmation dialog , so that while you think you are answering " yes " to a harmless question , the button belongs to a warning about installing further apps or deleting your data , which the system alert has hidden . this was a common tactic used by windows malware a few years ago ( before uac arrived in windows vista ) .
yes , you can do this . here 's how : note : i am on froyo ( android 2.2 ) , so if you are on a different version it may be slightly different . go to your home screen . choose settings from the menu choose language and keyboard choose android keyboard choose input languages select the english and german languages exit out by pressing the home key you are now set up for german and english . here 's how to test it : open the browser tap the address bar to bring up the keyboard long press the address bar ( or text field , whatever you want to call it ) look at the the space bar : it will have the following : &lt ; english > now swipe/slide your finger over the space bar , you will see it change to &lt ; german > once &lt ; german > is selected , you are now using the german keyboard . swipe again to return to english . enjoy .
what about installing an alternative keyboard , like anysoftkeyboard with appropriate language packs . ( it is free/libre/open-source software , and it is available from http://f-droid.org , which means that it was independently rebuilt from the sources . so you have another guarantee that it does not spy , by the way . ) configure it for multiple languages , and choose it as your default one .
as bryan has rightly said by installing third party keyboard apps will be helpful . try an app like the swiftkey keyboard . it has a multilingual keyboard support and is much better in typing when compared to the stock keyboard provided .
distance can be measured even if you place 2 points in one place - for mesurement used signal from satellites , and in city it is extremely difficult to predict it changes . accuracy depends on signal quality , and it is impossible to get it 100% even in a field , so when you move phone to 1 meter , signal change may be so small , what not detected , and it may be changed so seriously , what will displayed over 100 meters change ( tested on buildings corners with htc desire and nexus 7 ) .
assuming that it has not changed since ics , you can go to : Settings \u2192 Language &amp; Input \u2192 Android Keyboard settings  you can enable another languages over there and then you can quickly switch by long pressing on the space bar or by tapping on " select input method " entry on the notification bar .
you have to uncheck the box that says " use system language " . i had the same problem , i had not seen that !
basically , you can back up everything which has a " data provider " available -- as e.g. contacts , call-logs , sms , and the like . if you search the playstore for " backup " , it will give you a lot of apps for that . one of the best non-root backup solutions for this probably is mybackup pro , which covers most of it -- though there are a lot of apps offering to backup/restore parts . most other app 's data cannot be backed-up , however . some of them provide possibilities to export their settings ( and import them at a later point ) , others have dedicated backup apps ( i remember e.g. something like that for angry birds ) . for contacts and calendar , there is also the possibility to sync them with your google account . i would not , however , rely on the " google backup " for other things , as it is often reported to unsuccessfully restore . for that case , there are extra measures one can take . the easiest would be to logon to appbrain with your google credentials , and sync your installed apps . appbrain then allows you to save that as a list with their service : you can then use this list to restore all apps you put into it -- or you could even send it to a different device ( even a different user 's device ) for a " mass install " . in case you had some apps installed which are no longer available on the playstore , you could also take a look at appmonster : in its payed ( pro ) version , it also allows batch-install . plus , it captures each app you install/update and saves a copy -- which can be useful in the future as well : if some update breaks a functionality , you can ask appmonster to simply restore a previous ( captured ) version . and though this currently does not affect you ( as your android version is lower than 4.0 ) , just to mention for other users ( and your possible future device ) : starting with android 4.0 , there is the possibility for a full backup of non-rooted devices ( rooted users always have this possibility with titanium backup ★ root ) . data stored on your sd card should not be affected by the factory-reset .
pefrom factory reset \ clear cache after the cwm restore , the old rom must save data you must delete in order for the cwm to work .
ics usually has ext4 support . the google nexus s for example had that already with gingerbread . it depends on your actual phone model however : cat /proc/filesystems this gives you a list of supported file systems . execute the above command using any terminal app , eg . " system tuner pro " -> terminal you do not need any rooting to view what file system your android kernel supports . my ics 4.0.4 shows ext4 support . older droids were vfat mostly . if you do not have support you will need to root and install your own custom kernel and/or rom .
two separate issues . does your current rom force vfat or not ? for example , i am pretty sure cyanogenmod does not force vfat and will not forcibly reformat an ext4 when it finds it back to vfat . this is what will happen on some stock roms . if it does not force vfat , great . ext4 is almost certainly supported , if it is not forced instantly into vfat . i quote from cyanogenmod faq : " is ext3/ext4 safe for my sd card ? probably , unless the sd card is very old and does not support wear leveling . " in short , it is impossible to answer if " ics " works with ext4 . it might work , but force ext4 into vfat instantly . it might not work at all . what is important is that you check if the rom you are using both supports ext4 and does not force it back to vfat . only one way to find out , except asking around xda-developers ; )
yes you are correct . android will use cpu frequency as required including deep sleep to highest cpu frequency . if android uses 1.2ghz for high end task it will consume more battery but on the other hand will finish the task quicker than 1ghz . many custom rom also allows you to change this cpu scaling behavior by changing the governor . for eg : if you choose governor for high performance then android will try to scale cpu to higher frequency .
a faster cpu does not always mean more power consumption . tegra 3 for example has a special " battery safe " - core that is used in idle mode or when not much power is needed and will need less battery even though the main cores have more ghz .
make device as root go to xda-developers . com - seeder topic install last seeder apk on your device run it and then your device should work better .
/proc/ is a filesystem that contains special files describing the current state of processes and the kernel . /proc/mounts contains information on the current mountpoints . mountpoints are similar drive letters in windows . since there is only one file hierarchy in linux , any file systems that are not the operating system 's fs ( like an sd card , /proc , etc ) need to be grafted onto this solitary tree . details on these graftpoints are accessible by reading /proc/mounts . part of the info that can be retrieved from this file is the current space utilization and capacity of each filesystem . because it is a file system usage utility , this app probably needs this info in order to tell you how much free space there is on the sd card and/or the main os filesystem . serial permission allows the app to grab a unique identifier for for your phone . i am not sure specifically how this app intends to use it .
try to search for google the appropriate kernel for 2.3.6 ( presumably you are running on 4.5.141 firmware ) . then flash it . when i say " flash " , i mean a flash by cwm . good luck .
from the wi-fi settings page , tap menu and choose advanced . from the advanced wi-fi settings , uncheck " network notification " . it is only for open networks , but those are the only ones that ics on the epic touch 4g reports .
i would personally use es file explorer to get the original build . prop back into your /system partition . you have to go into the app options and select " mount system read write " and it will be able to write to the /system partition . the commands for mounting the partition and copying the old build . prop from the root of your sdcard are : $su #mount -ro remount,rw /system #cp /sdcard/your_old_build.prop /system  you do not need to use those though if you are using an app that gets root access .
you may want to read this blog post . you might get a way with simply trying to access any web site and waiting for the Buy Web DayPass prompt . otherwise you might need to do the trick mentioned in the blog , which is trying the above on a non-android phone and then swapping the the daypass enabled sim .
i reproduced the exact same issue on my nexus 10 after upgrading to kitkat . cycling power on the device after the update resolved the problem for me .
i had some problems like yours with kies , and i really hate it , but it is an necessary evil for some tasks . here some things i did , try them : make sure you are running the lastest version of kies change the usb port you are trying to connect if you have another computer to test , try it kiesair or airdroid maybe fit your needs there is a google usb driver try reinstalling kies make sure the storage mode is on if none of this works , try contacting samsung
very likely nothing at all got hacked . dlna is a standard used for devices like phones , smart hard disks , smart tvs , and pcs to browse and share media files ( videos , photos , and music ) . it looks like your phone came with a dlna server to make it easier for you to play/show media files on ( for example ) your tv . normally , you had go to a menu on your tv of connected dlna media sources ( devices offering media sources ) , and select your phone . your tv would then connect to the phone to get a list of what media files it has , and this warning would come up before the phone responds , to check that this is a device you were expecting ( and not , say , someone 's laptop on the wi-fi network in starbucks ) . if you have identified this device as your laptop , then it must be some software on that that is making the request . it is possible that it is malware running on the laptop , but more likely , it is some normal media-player or photo-manager software . even if you have not explicitly told it to scan for files on your device , it simply be trying to connect to your device when you are browsing for an unrelated media file , or indexing in the background to help you find files more easily in future . if you have left the dlna server in your phone turned on while travelling , then you certainly are not paranoid about security . it defaults to on to make it easier to use - most people would never realise it was there to turn on - but it is safer to leave it off until you actually want to use that feature .
is this a google account issue or an issue with the phone+software combination ? is it possible for you to use the same google account in another phone ( or different google account on the lg phone , since you seem to have reset it a few times ) ?
i uninstalled all updates to market app ( android 1.6 ) and since then i am able to download new apps/updates successfully
the cause of these problems is a bug in google framework services , at least in 2.1 and 2.2 . i have been able to fix it temporarily by clearing the cache for all google apps -- gfs , talk , voice , gmail , market , etc . -- but i do not believe there is a permanent fix . perhaps in 2.3 , i do not have it on my phone yet .
maybe you try two avenues : dolphin browser ( which does prompt for to clear cache , etc on exit ) , there is the mini version , this version as linked to the play store , and the hd version . history eraser - this clears all the history of sms , calls , browser history etc in one swell foop .
the pc / desktop opera version has that feature . unfortunately , it is not available in mobile versions . you can try the following browsers instead : dolphin Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear Cache When Exiting Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear History When Exiting Settings &gt; Exit Settings &gt; Clear Cookies When Exiting uc browser Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Clear data on exit Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Cookies Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Form Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; History Settings &gt; Clear Data &gt; Cache as of this time , i prefer to use uc browser , because dolphin is giving me a lot of issues on my samsung galaxy s2 , running cm10.1 .
here 's how to do root prestigio multipad pmp3670b : -download application " motochopper " , after extracted , just run the file " run . bat " -i think you know the rest : to have installed the usb drivers to have enable " usb debugging " etc . . : ) ) i searched for two weeks , every day , after i found a forum rusia . daca .
the jack is probably dirty , or the wires could have loose connections in the phone . try cleaning the headphone jack .
format the sd card and flash the stock rom again . this would guarantee clearing out any spyware . here is a tutorial describing how to take it back to stock . "…i say we take off and nuke the entire site from orbit . it’s the only way to be sure . "
i would suspect that there is no spyware on her phone . whatsapp shows when a contact is online or has last been online , so it is possible that the person assumes that when she is online , she is chatting with you . you can prevent this by opening whatsapp and going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Contacts -&gt; Blocked contacts and adding the stalker to the block list on her whatsapp account . this should prevent him from seeing her whatsapp activity . otherwise , designerwhocodes 's answer is the only certain way of removing spyware .
hold volume up and back key . have you tried this ?
looking at the developers website it should be as simple as copying the gallery vault backup data folder .thinkyeah/ to your new device 's sd card . you should then be able to install the app on your new device and open the vault with the same password you previously used .
in addition to chinmay kanchi 's comment , if you do not have a custom recovery to flash it , it is also possible to extract the . apks from the gapps package ( in /system/app ) and install them on their own to get the store running . i did this on my archos 32 ( which also runs froyo ) and it worked flawlessly without any root needed . unfortunately , i did this almost 2 years ago and i do not remember which exact apks were needed for just the market nor what order i needed to install them in . vending . apk is the store itself . i think i might have needed to install googleservicesframework . apk before that . marketupdater . apk might also be needed , but i think installed after vending . i bumbled through the process via trial and error , so doing things in the wrong order should not harm anything ( i remember that the install would just error out on a wrong-order attempt ) and you can just try again .
check the " barebones " page on the cyanogenmod wiki . it lists which apks are required for what . so instead of listing minimum apk list , you can just select the required apps for play . by the way google play , market or vending are the same things . at a minimum you will will need vending . apk and marketupdater . apk , and possibly googleservicesframework . apk
galaxy s has a notoriously bad gps . i changed from s to now s3 , and there is a huge difference . the s3 is extremely fast to get a gps lock , and incomparably more precise . so do not expect wonders from a galaxy s .
this shows the difference between agps and gps . agps ( assisted gps ) uses a small amount of mobile data to establish a rough location fix ( about 1km-100m accuracy ) based on the cell towers near you . this gives a faster initial location fix than just gps . since you had roaming disabled , agps was not available and getting a location fix on just gps can take a while , especially on some firmware versions of the galaxy s .
i have actually been writing an application that uses gps , so i can shed some light on this . onik is correct about the agps vs gps . additionally , though , gps can be affected by a number of factors which can reduce accuracy or the ability to receive a signal at all : gps accuracy is affected by a number of factors , including satellite positions , noise in the radio signal , atmospheric conditions , and natural barriers to the signal . noise can create an error between 1 to 10 meters and results from static or interference from something near the receiver or something on the same frequency . objects such a mountains or buildings between the satellite and the receiver can also produce error , sometimes up to 30 meters . the most accurate determination of position occurs when the satellite and receiver have a clear view of each other and no other objects interfere . as well with agps is dgps ( differential gps ) . ( but i do not believe phones have this , only agps ) . like the agps , the dgps uses a fixed gps location ( such as a cell tower ) to send information to the gps receiver . dgps , however , looks at both the satellite and the fixed location adjusts for any difference between the two , and then sends that information to the receiver . dgps is particularly helpful when atmospheric conditions interfere with reception . source/more information . in short , make sure you are outside and have a clear view of the sky . the initial lock will sometimes take quite a bit of time , but subsequent locks should not be nearly as bad .
i just tried the search button on my nexus s , and indeed saw the four sites you mentioned . i think they are some combination of bookmarks and history ; i doubt that you can explicitly control them .
it loads your most frequently visited websites . when you keep visiting a particular site lots of time ( say like 3-4 times on the same day ) , then the site will get displayed in the list .
i have had a similar problem on my optimus v , and according to other users of the rom , it is specific to the rom . sometimes the volume is max level no matter what . the temporary workaround is to actually turn the volume up all the way , then turn it down . as soon as i hear the volume blasting , i have to go against my intuition to turn the volume down ( as it usually is in the lowest setting already ) and turn it all the way up , then down . try that and see if it solves the symptoms . if so , the developers of your rom need to fix the underlying bug that causes the volume indicator to be out of sync with the actual volume .
i reccomend you contact the makers of pandora about this issue , as this looks like an app bug rather than a phone issue . i would suggest emailing them with as much info as you can possibly fit in . another option would be to check the settings in pandora - you may have missed an important setting that is causing this issue .
maybe this is not what you are looking for , but if you have installed busybox and a terminal application , you can continue your download with : wget --continue --output-document file.part URL 
if you are using google two step authorisation , then you can revoke the one-time password that you assigned to the phone remotely from your google account 's settings , i do not think that this is possible unless you are using the two step authorisation . go to your google account settings page , click the edit link beside "2 step verification " , click " manage application-specific passwords " , look down the list for the password assigned to your old phone and click the " revoke " link . next time the phone tries to access your google account , it should be denied access and your sister will see a warning asking her to enter the new password . if you have not set up the two step authorisation then , to do it directly on the phone , as long as the phone is running android 2.1 ( eclair ) or newer , then you can go into settings -> accounts and sync -> then select the account and you should have a remove account button at the bottom of the screen . once you have done this switch the phone off and on again ( just to make sure that no apps are running that have already logged in ) , and it should be removed . note that this will not remove all of your old data from the phone , it will just remove some of the google synced data , and stop anything new from coming down from ( or going up to ) your google account . to be sure that all of your old data is removed from the phone , you will need to wipe the phone with a factory reset .
if the account is the one you used to set up the phone originally , you will not be able to remove it without a factory reset . you will not be able to save the phone settings , but you can at least back up the apps and data using titanium backup .
if you go to the bottom of the search results page , you will see something like ( View Google in: Mobile | Classic ) , you can click on " classic " to view the current search result in desktop version of google , which of course have the ' cached ' link .
exchange refers to the microsoft exchange server email/calendaring system also known as exchange activesync . corporate usually is a generic term for business email and also usually referring to exchange activesync , but also can refer to imap or pop3 email access . as far as setting up your work email on your android phone , it depends on which way your work is using outlook . most likely you can open the " mail " or " email " ( not gmail ) app and go through the steps of adding your work email . you will need to know either the exchange server address or the pop3 or imap incoming server address and the smtp outbound server address . in addition to server addresses you will need to know what ports the servers communicate on . once you have the server information , open the email app and do the following : at the first screen enter your username and password , then click " next " . at the next screen select the appropriate type of email syncing for your account ( exchange , imap , or pop3 ) . enter your exchange server information or pop3 or imap server information and click " next " if you were setting up exchange , select t he frequency you want your mail to sync . if you are setting up imap/pop3 enter your smtp server information and click " next " . exchange setup should now be complete and imap/pop3 setup should now have syncing frequency options and then be complete .
as far as i know , this is just the way motorola designed their blur interface . see , for example , this screenshot from a blog post on motorola 's dev site : this basically appears anywhere that a developer uses a ListView object , which is fairly common as it is the native way to display . . . well , a list of things ( appropriately named , no ? ) . motorola describes their reasoning as such : the gray background at the bottom of the list is inherited from the device theme . its purpose is to show users where the list ends . in your case , the gray is instead white ( which i have also seen on the droid x ) , but the same concept applies . if you want to get rid of it you basically need to re-theme your device and get rid of the blur ui , which is generally not possible without rooting and using a custom rom due to how tightly integrated it is into the system . alternatively , you could email the developer and politely ask them to re-theme the ListView , since they have the option to explicitly override the default theming if they want . whether or not they think it is worth the effort is kind of out of your control at that point , though .
developers do not necessarily have to re-theme the listview to fix this - it can also be done by not forcing the listview to fill the screen . the problem is on the listview below - if layout_weight="1" , or layout_height="fill_parent " , then the listview takes up any unused space , and you get the ugly white background . setting layout_height to " wrap content " and getting rid of the weight solves the problem .
in the app 's settings try changing the default locale . different ones ( even " china" ) will change the interval by which the tuner seeks .
i have tried doing the exact opposite thing ( forcing audio to go through bluetooth instead of device speaker ) so it definitifely is possible to play at least different audio through different streams ( media , call , etc . ) it set it inside of tasker to " media " stream and it came out of my phone , so it might be possible to get it working . the app needs to support playing audio through multiple streams . i do not know if there is an app for that that does split it up . sorry for posting it as a answer , my reputation is not high enough yet to comment . . .
while this is not an answer that should be taken with any facts to base it on , i would think that the " ending " to the model numbers could indicate " batches " during manufacturing , or where the device was assembled . another thought i have is when manufacturing another " batch " some piece of hardware changed for what ever reason , even if they used a newer chip for something like the the gsm radio . i also looked up the sgh-t959v ( the 4g version of the vibrant ) and they only have 1 " sub-model " , which this device did not sell very well , and i have not heard of any " upgrades " to it . another example i could use to support minor hardware changes is these devices have , as you probably know , bad gps chips . samsung has made attempts to correct this while the device was being manufactured . my device does not even have any of those model numbers anywhere on it . all mine says is shg-t959 .
android app gmd speed time claims to speed up games by accelerating device time . the free version accelerates time up to 10x . it requires root access on the device and does not work on all devices .
download cheat engine for android here : www.cheatengineandroid.com
you can use no-frills cpu control classic app . get no-frills cpu control classic from google play . or the app page in f-droid description : no-frills cpu control classic is a trimmed down version of the popular no-frills cpu control . it is meant for older devices running android 1.6 " donut " or android 2.0 " eclair " or for people who want an app as small as possible : just around 400kb ! all the features of the standard no-frills cpu control are available in the classic version . the only difference is in the user interface ( "the looks" ) .
gamecih ( cheating hacker ) can change the game speed .
ok : after some more reading , it looks like clockworkmod did not back up the /cust partition ie : /proc/mtdblock7 in which the vodafone logo and boot animation was stored . when i flashed my device with a generic stock rom that overwrote the /cust partition permanently . when i flashed my recovery . img , it only restored the recovery partition ( which was the cwm recovery image after rooting ) . the only way i can now get back the stock voda animation is backup the partition ( via dd maybe ) from another device to an sd card and flash back to my device partition from the sd card . moral of the story : backup all partitions ( via romdump or dd ) and not just rely on clockworkmod backup which ignores these partitions . i arrived at this conclusion by checking my logs from the saved data partition ( after rooting ) when i saw this file in : /data/load_oemlogo . txt which references /cust/vha/au/logo/oemlogo . mbn update : yes i can confirm that the /cust and /userdata2 partition are not backed up by cwm backup and restore . i quote from translated version ( german ) from here : http://66.163.168.225/babelfish/translate_url_content ? . intl=us and lp=de_en and trurl=http%3a%2f%2fwww.android-hilfe.de%2froot-hacking-modding-fuer-huawei-ideos-x3%2f203731-how-flash-partitionen-von-supertoast-anpassen.html Completely importantly! Make always only times with CWM a Backup.  backup_partitons . edit : more info and updates .
source : samsung faqs : cell phones : what is kies lite mode , and what can i do when using it ? kies lite mode launches the application with a reduced set of features . this uses fewer system resources and lets some key features of kies run more efficiently . using kies lite mode , you can access and use these features more quickly : firmware upgrade , sync data , backup , and restore . you can switch to kies lite mode by clicking kies lite mode icon in the top-right corner of the screen . if you switch to kies lite and you close the application , kies will open in lite mode next time you run the application . to switch back to " normal " kies mode , simply click the icon again . or open kies in lite mode by double-clicking kies lite icon on your windows® desktop . so it would seem that the functionality is limited to : firmware upgrade , sync data , backup , and restore .
kies for samsung phones and tablets is more or less similar to what itunes is for iphones , ipods , and ipads . it allows you to synchronize your music and video collections , synchronize your schedule and contacts from outlook or yahoo , perform and restore backups , and perform updates to the android os . kies light is just an alternate , somewhat less featureful , gui for kies it does not allow for remote control capabilities . for that , you want another app , such as airdroid .
like it was pointed out , the Galaxy Tab was not designed in a way for it is battery to be easily removed . here 's a video on removing the case and exploring what is inside . hope this helps . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urgukerjohg
" one " is a line of phones and also a phone itself , much like samsung and their galaxy line . there is a phone called just the " htc one " ( which i believe is the newest htc phone ) , but there also 14 other devices under the " one " name and are differentiated with 1 or 2 letters after the name .
whenever i search for info i type " htc one 2013" . that narrows things down a little .
i knew that htc one is called also htc one m7 . sources : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_one , http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=2215 http://leadergeeks.com/2013/02/19/code-name-m7-the-htc-one-is-finally-unveiled/
htc one is the latest phone released from htc in their " one " series . they named it " one " for its simplicity , which confuses a lot of people , when they look it up , and compare it to other devices from the series such as one x , one s , etc . you can always look this phone up by it is codename which is m7 . for full codename list , you can check wikipedia
did you check if you card in working on your computer . if your card is detected on your computer without any messages then there must be something wrong with your mobile . else if your computer detects your sd card and gives you any message to scan/format before using it . . . then consider running scandisk on your card once your computer detects it . . . hope this helps . . .
you can try out any of the backup app , that would let you have fun ! the thing that you are saying i recently lost all the emails on my laptop computer . and they were important business emails . many of those emails still exist on my android phone . as the mails on your device might get removed as soon as you connect it to the internet ( sync might do that ) , if you need to install a backup app better download its .apk file to your computer , and sideload it ( e . g . copy it to your sdcard , and start the .apk using any file manager , which would trigger the installation ; make sure to have unknown-sources activated for this ) . a good choice would be helium backup : it creates .ab ( android backup ) files compatible with adb backup , and there are solutions available to extract those on your pc . is there any way to pull the emails off and then drop them in to my mail program ? no , there is no direct way to do that – you could only forward them , which you do not want . then i do not think there is any other way to do this . you can either create a backup file to just save the emails , then forward them . that is the only way to get back your emails , but still you will lose the time , sender name and other ! and it will be replaced with sender as : you , time : current time , body : body will have the email included as signature or something like that . that is it ! good luck , cheers .
yes . few years ago , google apps services were separate from normal google services . even cookies were different and compatible to each other . from last year , all google apps accounts are normal google account ( you will have to sign out from normal google account if you want to sign in with google apps account in a web browser ) . and , it supports android too . i have tested it .
since last year google apps accounts are full class citizens . starting with eclair android supports more than one google accounts and since the market 3.0 update of market all android apps treat all google accounts on your phone the same way . take note however that it is not possible to transfer your google wallet history and purchases . so if a year from now you want to change your domain name for your email address you will need to keep the old account on your phone or rebuy all your apps again . it is for this reason that i recommend you to create a gmail account an purchase apps with that not with your apps account .
had this very issue earlier tonight myself . the 51-android . rules needs to be world read-execute , and it is probably best to run service udev restart ( or reboot ) after changing this , then re-plug your device . if it still does not work , double-check the vendor id you have supplied ; with your android device connected , run lsusb . htc also use the vendor id 18d1 on newer devices .
if you only need to work with devices on a very infrequent basis , you can restart the adb server daemon as root . ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb devices please note that it is not a good idea to make the daemon run as root - any security issues in the daemon will now have root access and any user on your system who can run adb ( not just your user account ) can access the devices - as you are basically ignoring all permission settings in 51-android . rules . as of note , you do not need to be root to shut down the server - just use ./adb kill-server again .
i had this issue myself when rooting my kindle fire and i did : $ cat /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="1949", MODE="0666"  then in my ~/.android/adb_usb.ini file i added 0x1949  where 1949 is the vendor id for the kindle i believe . and after restarting the box , adb devices shows my kindle . or instead of restarting udevadm control --reload-rules and adb kill-server &amp;&amp; adb start-server should be sufficient .
if it is a hardware defect , i would suggest sending it to a service center for repair . you could plug it to a portable power bank so it lasts longer . but before you do that , you might want to back up your data to your pc or somewhere else first .
the reason for this is because that feature is not included on the application . it is more related to gmail which gives you privilege to talk but it does not notify you of online activity between your peers .
well the issue of it is that the gtalk do not let you have notificaion , assume that you are using cell phone , and all of a sudden it shows you a bunch of notifications for every friend who gets online ! secondly gtalk is no more ! its now google hangouts , you can update to that one now ! its super . you get your conversations everywhere , google+ , gmail , hangouts !
the best backup you can do is a Nandroid backup . i did not know what it was for a long time , but it works like magic . i will include instructions , but note that i have an evo , so they might vary a little . reboot into recovery this is different for most phones , for example , the evo you reset while holding the `volume down` button . or , since you have a rooted phone , you might be able to get to it by holding down the `power` button , then selecting `reboot/recovery` . once in this menu , select `backup/restore` choose `backup` , or a similarly named option flash your new rom or whatever , and if you are not pleased , simply follow the steps back to recovery and do a Restore . this will reset your phone to it is exact settings from before , down to which widgets you had on your homescreen and what settings you had enabled and disabled .
there is an easier way than this even . i use rom manager , and it automatically asks you if you want to back up your current rom before installing a new one . rom manager also let 's you install directly from your sd card , so you can do your backup , data and davlik cache wipe , and flashing the new rom all from this app . it comes in most custom roms too .
the recent changes list for v1.4.4857 ( released around 11/11/10 ) states : we added support for front facing cameras on samsung devices we fixed an issue that was causing some htc evos to reboot when launching tango so it looks like they needed to change something specific in their software to let you use the front facing camera , and they have done that now !
usually apps require internet access for ads , analytical data , or for sending bug reports/stack traces back to the developer . other reasons might include using google 's licensing servers to validate legitimate copies of apps with android market purchases ( google 's licensing servers use the check_license permission ) . similarly , some developers produce their own keys and license servers ( prior to google 's implementation ) . for instance , i am the developer of a tipping calculator app . it requires the internet permission to send analytical data back to me via flurry . one day i plan to add this remote stack tracing program for more detailed errors ( but i have not yet because so far my app has not really generated any bugs/errors ) . but the value of this information is worth asking for the internet permission . i can see exactly how many users of what android os are using my app and what are the most popular phones using my app . however , i also give users an " opt out " in the settings if they choose to not send me this information .
currently gmail released new app 4.7.2 with auto show image feature by storing all images in specific server ( correct me if wrong ) . see here link to apk file
as for latest version 4.7.1 ( 946962 ) , there is no way to show images automatically for all messages . but for version 4.7.2 ( 967015 ) it is possible . see my other answer to this question for more details . in version 4.7.1 ( 946962 ) it works as follows : by default when you receive a message , it does not show pictures and it displays a button to allow pictures for this message . if you click this button , all pictures will be displayed for this message , and there will be a button asking if you want to show pictures for all messages from the same sender . if you click this button , the sender will be added to picture approvals list . you can clear such list from settings menu , as indicated in the following screenshots . this way all messages will return to default layout ( do not show pictures ) .
good news for you : google is currently rolling out gmail 4.7.2 ( 967015 ) , which allows to show inline images without using the steps described in my previous answer . here is what you will have to do : download gmail app update . you can either wait to be rolled out to your device or download it from this page ( because in this case it will be an app sideload , you will have to make sure you enabled installation from unknown sources before ) . when installed , by default it will behave as previous version , i.e. showing the show pictures / always show pictures from this sender links , so you will have to configure this to not happen ( do not worry : this is done only once ) . tap the overflow menu on gmail action bar ( not the message one ) and select settings . then , in settings screen tap your account . in your account , scroll down to data usage section and tap images . by default it will be selected ask before showing , so you will have to select always show . go back repeatedly until you get to your inbox . from now on , when you open a message , you will be able to see inline images without confirmation . notice : this images setting ( always show ) will override the picture approvals state , so if you clear picture approvals as shown in my previous answer , you will still see inline images in all messages , until you change the images setting back to ask before showing .
afaik pdroid is the best solution . ( except you need to be rooted ) you could even set a custom gps location per app . permission explorer is a good alternative .
try to flash the original firmware for your phone , then dial *#*#7378423#*#* on your dialer app and navigate to service menu -&gt; service info -&gt; configuration . it should be indicated there .
it should say , " bootloader unlocked : yes "
i do not know the exact answer , but you can always manual link contacts , which is a workaround i use , in contacts , open one contact , then click the broken clip icon in the top-right corner ( i am using sensation xe ) . in the pop up screen , choose all contacts search for the one you want to link to and click it then the two contact items are linked if you click finish . you can click cancel if you do not want them to be linked .
short answer you cant . google music provides no api to access you music and playlists that are stored in the google music cloud .
i think google calendar sms reminders are supposed to come from only one number ( or only a few numbers ) , which might be different from user to user . for example , you would get reminders from numbers a , b , and c , while i would get reminders from numbers d , e , and f . so , if you add a , b , and c under one contact , that should solve your problem . however , there seems to be a recent issue causing reminders to be sent from many random numbers . the issue has been recognized by a google employee ( katherineg ) , so hopefully they are working on a fix . you might want to head over to that thread and add your country / carrier to the list affected by this problem .
it is not specifically the phone app . you can not enter a space into any field where the app has said it is expecting you to type a phone number . on the samsung dialer , you can use a * to match a space in a contact 's name e.g. 6453*56637 to match mike jones . i do not have an s2 to check this on , but that is how the dialer on the s3 works , and i would expect they are both the same .
a wired ethernet solution for some tablets is available with the bobjgear usb 2.0 to rj-45 adapter sold here on amazon . technical details about which tablets work with a wired ethernet connection is available here . specifically listed as not supported are samsung tablets except for the new 2014 pro line of tablets . tab pro 8.4 , tab pro 10.1 , tab pro 12.2 and note pro 12.2
your galaxy tab 8.9 connectivity specifications do not include wired ethernet : to solve your issue a simple usb to ethernet adapter would suffice , but as pointed out on the first comment on this answer , your device uses a proprietary connector , so an initial adapter is required : samsung galaxy tab™ usb and sd connection kit another pertinent issue as mentioned , relating an android driver and the support for usb to ethernet adapters , but this plugable usb 2.0 10/100 ethernet adapter ( asix ax88772 chipset ) , as mentioned on their support forum might help you . from amazon : plugable usb 2.0 to 10/100 fast ethernet lan network rj45 adapter ( asix ax88772 chipset )
i found that device https://sites.google.com/site/bobjgear/android-ethernet-adapter i think it is the solution . if you have some specific tablet like xoom you can use ethernet with that specific adapter
i am looking for usb ethernet for samsung note 10.1 2014 edition and this looks possible : http://www.bobjgear.com/which-tablets-support-ethernet.html
i am also facing the same problem , and here is what i discovered until now . some tablets do allow an ethernet port ( they even have the port itself ) . mostly you will have to buy an ethernet adpter ( rj45 ) to use it through the usb port , and an mini ( or micro ) usb adapter to connect to the tablet . be careful to buy the rj45 adapter that fits to the tablet 's chipset . otherwise , it will not work . those are the ones i know : ainol fire dual core ( not rooted - only w/ original firmware ) : out of stock at the manufacturer onda v972 ( still under manufacture 's portfolio ) hope this helps .
men a simple portable wireless acess point will do the trick . super simple and there are some with very tiny sizes , plug ethernet and turns into a wireless ap . use it frequently in hotels and companies without wireless .
no . swiftkey does not have a 9-key mode .
you could try to " repair " the bad blocks and see if that works . below is the windows and linux methods for doing it . repairing will not fix damaged parts of the card but flag them to ignore . windows : plug your device into a windows pc . Start&gt;Programs&gt;Accessories-&gt;Command Prompt if on vista or newer , right-click and choose to runs as administrator . if on xp , just run it . find the drive letter for the device . let 's say it is " g:" drive . enter chkdsk G: /r linux open a terminal ( applications-accessories-terminal ) and give the command sudo fsck -a /dev/sdd1 ( replace /dev/sdd1 with the actual partition device for the micro sd card ) ( fsck = file systen checker . ) failing that you will probably need a new sd card . if it is the ' usual ' fat32 corrupting ( which it does a bit ) then you may be ok , but if any of it is damaged then it will need to be replaced .
yes . . you seem to know the answer to the question yourself
al everett has suggested that " no android camera has [ optical zoom ] " , but the 14-megapixel altek leo android seems to have 3x optical zoom " ( not digital like other cellphones ) . " the altek leo will not be available until at least 2011 , though .
more often than not , digital . consider : how in the world would the motor for moving a lens fit in a phone case ? for that matter , where would the find the room to have variable focal length ? would the manufacturers really put such a battery-drainer in the unit ? how much more expensive would it be , too ? should somebody actually come up with a phone with optical zoom , it would be a big deal and a huge marketing gimmick . ( "the only phone camera with optical zoom ! " ) i have not seen any . have you ? that is not to say that someday someone will not make has not made such a phone . there sure are not any right now . unless they make a big deal about the camera zoom , you can assume it is digital .
the best way to tell if it is digital or optical : do the pixels look blown up ( and therefore blurry ) ?
um there is a way to tell if the phone has a optical lense . . . actually 2 ways . when zooming in , is there a motor sound coming from the phone ? when zooming in , does the camera lens look different ( duh , it zoomed so it should look different when looking directly into the camera ) . 99% chance that the answer is no .
i believe you had do this the same way you download apps available for other devices , by editing the build . prop file on your device ( requires root ) . see my answer here for more info on that .
hangout is the replacement to google talk . and on hangout you can see people online . go into hangout , click the + sign to have " new hangout " ( + sign is on top right , or simply swipe from right to left ) , and all people with a green hangout sign are online people . all people with grey hangout are offline , but you can send them ' offline ' messages so they can see it as soon as they are online . unfortunately this is only half the answer as i do not see a way to remove hangout back to google talk . if anyone can add to this answer , please do .
if you did not install hangouts via play store , it was supplied by the update . in that case , there is no way to get the old google talk back . an alternative would be installing a messenger app that supports gtalk and/or xmpp ( xmpp is the protocol gtalk uses ) . some messaging apps : xabber is an open-source , fully configurable xmpp client imo . im is closed-source and displays ads in the non-paid version im+ is closed-source
you can report the app to google . when visiting the app 's page in the web version of the play store , there is a link for " flag as inappropriate " . under " malicious or inappropriate android apps " ( and i would say this probably qualifies ) you are given two options for reporting the app . one through the play store app on your device , the other via a web site . application providers must adhere to the google play business and program policies . if you see an application that does not follow these standards , you can report it by flagging it from the google play store app on your android device . open the google play store app . visit the application 's page . scroll down and select flag as inappropriate . you can also report malicious or inappropriate apps to the google play team through the android developer help center .
these are not files but invalid file entries , caused by a corrupted allocation table on the sd card , which in turn is caused by a bad sector . a bad sector on the card is a good sign that card is defective and should be replaced . you can try recovering some files by running a disk check program on pc .
create a profile that is active when connected to the bluetooth device and set up an exit task to run whatever you want when the profile becomes inactive due to the device disconnects .
i had the problem with my ainol novo 7 crystal quad core and the solution was simple but took hours of research . the internal sd partition that goes beyond the memory reserved for the os and some apps may have become corrupted . go to the backup/reset tab in " settings " and click the erase sd card . you will be told that you will lose all the information on it but you will only lose that which you cannot access anyway . erase the card . once it is erased , you will be able to mount it when you go to " storage " and you push the remount button . hope this of help and use to you . it worked for me .
reading it again : the way you speak of synchronizing , you probably use imap . so if you move mails out of one folder on one client , this gets synced to the other clients as well . if the archive is a local folder , you will thus not find them on your s3 anymore ( as for this client , the mails simply got " deleted" ) . but if it is a subfolder on the imap server , you simply need to locate this folder on your sgs3 . how this is done , depends on the client used -- so we cannot tell you unless you specify those details requested in the comments .
50 mb is not much . consider that for installation , the apk gets probably temporarily stored there ( in /data/local ( not always sometimes it is in the /cache/download/ folder ) -- at least that is what the playstore app does , i am not sure about a " local install " where the .apk probably is available from your sdcard ) for processing , then gets installed ( below /data/app ) and initializes its data ( below /data/data ) . and during all that , it should leave enough free space to allow all other apps to work normally : creating temporary files , log files ( at least the latter again being stored below /data in many cases , e . g those you can access via logcat ) , and manipulate their data ( guess where -- yes , again below /data/data ) . so you see : most of these actions take place on the /data partition . now look what size the .apk of sbp shell 3d has . something about 10 . . 15 mb ? so when installed , it creates its data structure below /data/data as well , which adds to this . and during all that installation process , free space probably falls below 30 mb ( if it really requires a copy in /data/local for the install , even below 20 mb ) -- which is why the system alerts about " free space getting low " . the solution already came with the warning : uninstall some apps . or move some bigger ones / rarely used apps to sd , if possible . or clean up some cache -- but that will only help temporarily . you might also want to check some other space/installation related questions here : why is “insufficient storage” wrongly reported when installing an . apk via adb ? is there a way to workaround the phone memory limit for installed apps ? why can not i install apps when i have enough storage ? application does not get installed : insufficient storage available could be good starting points .
that button is for replying to a tweet
logs are written even when logcat is not connected , although i believe the logs are limited to a certain maximum size . they are , however , cleared on reboot . you can try using an app such as alogcat to persist the logs to files , and hope it can catch whatever is misbehaving " in the act " .
i finally managed to sort it out last night . some of the steps are redundant . boot in recovery mode format all paths visible in boot and mount ( possible redundancy here ) back to first level of menu , wipe factory clean , erase cache ( redundant imho ) go to advanced -> clean dalvik cache install the latest nightly of cyanogenmod ( for lack of a more stable release ) install their gapps ( even if the note 2 is not in the list of supported devices - if i read the table correctly ) i have done bits and pieces of the points before - but only all of them put together allowed me to have a working phone ( like i said before , there were lots of leftovers from previous experiments ) .
it is normal . it could have been because your daughter was playing a game on the phone , or just taking up a lot of processing power . also , having one 's hands on the back of the phone also does not help . i have had this issue with multiple devices when playing games specifically .
to connect your samsung galaxy s4 to a tv , you need to use an 11-pin mhl cable . 11-pin mhl cables are usually y-shaped , and state specifically that they are for samsung phones . that is the only way . you can not use a 5-pin mhl cable with this phone . you can not use an app or custom rom , or any other kind of software on the phone , to get around the need for the right cable . see how does mhl work ? for more information .
unfortunately you can not change the number of screens and still use the htc sense ui . at least not in any of the versions i have seen . you can uninstall it or turn it off , but then you will not have free access to all of the htc widgets , if you like those . if you really want the performance kick you will get from less screens in total , and therefore using less ram , you will have to go back to vanilla android . simply using less widgets , as you have done , will certainly help somewhat . i feel you pain too , i really only need 3 screens for my favorite widgets and folders , bit i kind of like some the the htc widgets .
in general , the less widgets you use on your home screens , the better performance your phone is going to have ( less processing for widgets ) . if you want to reduce the number of homescreens , then i suggest switching to another home launcher such as launcherpro which will let you change how many homescreens you have . launcherpro has some similar widgets to htc 's sense too .
use go launcher ex . i am using it for nearly as long as i have the dhd . very customizable , lots of themes and widgets even own locker screen ( go locker ) and : it is free !
apps2sd may be able to do this , but i have not looked too closely . the long way to do it would be to go through settings-> applications-> manage applications and then manually move everything back to the phone . ==addendum== apptosd does not give you the nice " move all to phone " like it does for move to sd , but it does list everything on the sd card . there is also a " on sd " tab in the manage applications settings so you do not have to go through each and every app .
there is an app called screen filter that will allow you to switch the menu button backlight off .
there is the leds hack app if you have got the root thing going .
it is hard to say without seeing it , but what you describe sounds like you have added a home screen widget ( a . k.a. appwidget ) . long-press the widget to pick it up , and a delete icon will appear ( it looks like a bin or an x ) . drag-and-drop the widget onto the delete icon .
unfortunately honeycomb and below is " dead " development , people are focused on doing more on ics than anything . when eclair rolled out , development stopped on cupcake and donut , and now its quite hard to imagine someone still working on those old versions of android . there may be around it involving rooting your phone but i doubt it . look at your link , the third requirement : deodexed rom . that is part of what is holding older phones back . my suggestion would just be to upgrade your phone but i realize that is not an ideal solution . sorry man .
there is an app which is perfect for your situation wifi manager you can also try proxy server pro note : these apps do not ask for root permissions . but if you are supposed to have root permission , which you do not in your stock rom , you may want to unlock the bootloader to have root access . see this for rooting details .
just try proxydroid this app need root permission and iptables support . it is a full feature proxy application including support for http/socks proxy types , global/individual proxy mode , multiple profiles . binding configuration to wifi 's ssid or mobile connection is also supported .
this is normally face detection that turns the screen off so that you cannot press buttons with your cheek . if moving the phone away from your face does not turn it on , then you should be able to turn it on with the power button .
you must have been confused by seeing too many files for the update . actually there is only one file to update to ics and hence it is the right file . the file is ruu , i.e. rom update utility . so from , http://www.htcdev.com/devcenter/downloads download desire s htc wwe ruu n/a v4.0 404.0 mb 14.01.401.2 and yes the region is wwe for this case .
" getting slow " can be caused by a couple of different things -- separately or combined . it could be an app hogging your cpu , or the system running low on free ram . it is even possible that some service runs havoc , blocking resources ( though this one would be a bit harder to track ) . easy tracking for beginners ( and for free ) there are several possibilities to find out what is going on . the easiest is to install e.g. os monitor and , when the device gets slow , starting this app and taking a look at the running processes . first order them by cpu usage : is there any app constantly using 50% or more cpu ? if so , you probably found the evil-doer . next order them by ram usage : any app " eating " extra-ordinarily much ? do not worry to much about how much ram is free . there is no such thing as " unused ram being a good thing " -- neither on android nor on linux . free ram will be used to speed things up , e.g. by caching files . of course , if more ram is used , those caches get freed . monitoring the system if the easy approach does not help , you need heavier armament -- and a little background knowledge to use such . there is e.g. systempanel which can monitor your system . more useful is the paid version , which can do so in the background , and also saves its monitored data -- so you could even check after a reboot . an alternative helper-app is system tuner ( here again the paid app is more useful ) . also , tracing memory might be worth a look ( can not hurt , it is free ) . found it ? when you found out the bad app , actions depend on what it is . is it an app that came pre-installed , or even belongs to the android system , you e.g. could not simply remove it . check the app 's configuration , contact the developer , or search the web for known trouble with the evil-doer are always good steps to take . of course , once you found the culprit , you can always come back here and ask a more specific question -- and with the background information you collected , we probably can give you better hints to solve the issue .
as dymotaos wrote , all possibilities to mount remote drives on your android device probably require root . but you do not have to deal with the command line and parameters , as the playstore offers some apps which can help you with this . one of them is cifsmanager , which can deal with windows shares 1 , a second one would be mount manager , which additionally supports nfs 2 : while cifsmanager is completely free , while mount manager in its full version costs you about 3 euro .
it should be possible . you would certainly need root . if you could mount your network share onto your phone , you could mount it under /mnt/sdcard/network_share . then your tv would simply browse that folder . to your tv , it would simply look like another folder on your sd card . this post shows how to mount nfs on your phone . you may need a special version of busybox . busybox mount -o nolock,ro,hard,intr,vers=3 -t nfs 192.xxx.xxx.x.x:/your/nfs/share /mnt/sdcard/network_share 
you can use nandroid to do this . if you update your recovery image to cyanogen 's 1.4 recovery then it has nandroid built in . these are tools from the community and are not officially tested or supported so make sure you fully understand what you are doing before using them .
there is a pretty thorough response on what is the right way to backup my whole phone ? with more indispensable information at why can&#39 ; t i boot into recovery mode ?
something very similar happened to me not long ago . the sd card , when inserted into the phone , would cause the phone to be very unresponsive and eventually reboot itself , over and over , as long as the card was plugged in . now for the bad news . i inserted a different sd card , which worked just fine in the phone . so i took the malfunctioning sd card and attempted to reformat it on my computer , but after reinserting it into the phone , the phone still claimed it was a " damaged sd card " and refused to do anything with it - even format it again ! though it did stop boot looping . after talking with verizon it seems the sd card really was defective and i am getting a replacement . i hope you are able to recover some of your files from the card before you have to replace it , or that you have backups ( though it sounds like you do not ) .
 Lock screen is probably the most discussed topic since release of jellybeans.  well currently there is only one solution to yours problem if device is not rooted . install another lock screen which will provide you that slider shortcuts and which will then be followed by stock lock screen with pin/password . one software is widget locker available in market . however this will be a waste of memory using dual lock screens .  Alternatively I'm looking for a solution for a rooted device. I will post once found.  most custom roms comes with this feature as stock like aokp and miui .
i think that samsung started using ota updates on gingerbread , i.e. since 2.3 , so you had have to update to this either via kies or odin before you can update the firmware without a pc . after that , the availability depends on your carrier if the firmware is branded or samsung if it is a nonbranded version .
encryption is certainly something that was introduced with honeycomb on tables , and ics on phones . there was no encryption for gingerbread . at least nothing that was released .
gingerbread 2.3.4 rom added support for device encryption , but the feature was not accessible from settings until honeycomb ( tablets ) and ics ( smartphones ) . to enable device encryption in gingerbread device , you need to add an exchange account . not sure , but it should be accessible through api too . there are also some hacks to enable device encryption directly in gingerbread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1405165
without having the android sdk/android development tools ( adt ) environment it would be useless to have the adb usb driver as matter of the fact that the adb usb drivers are used to connect to android devices only through the adb interface for development/debugging/root purpose . so as @bass has rightly said about the android sdk you need to have it installed from this android developer site . after you download the sdk you need to install the usb packages from the sdk manager ( if you are connecting nexus ) /from the oem site ( clueless about which make or device number you are trying to connect and different oem have their own debug driver 's ) for the debug usb drivers .
if it is showing the android composite adb interface , then the driver should already be installed . what happens if you type the below in the window 's command prompt ? it should show your device and serial number ( assuming the phone is hooked up with usb debugging enabled , and you are either running adb from the directory it is located in , or it is located within window 's preset path variable ) . adb devices
no you can not do that with the stock camera application . try some third-party applications from play store photography apps . may be you can find some luck there . edit - well i found this one for you . have any luck ? camera android
actually , i found that all downloaded files are always stored in /mnt/sdcard/Download no matter they are " opened " or " saved " so i can grab them from there with any file manager
my solution for so uses an undocumented feature ( an easy trick when there is no documentation whatsoever ) : longtouch the search bar , add it as a search engine , and then use opera 's own search bar for such sites . a trick you may like with so is to do this multiple times , then manage search engines , click on one of the so ' engines ' , and modify it so that you can readily add e.g. [android] to your searches . it may feel like a workaround , but the result is more comfortable than what i was used to on desktop systems .
a software update fixed this problem . must've been a bug in opera mobile .
if you are streaming music via your wifi connection , you might wish to check your wifi settings , and there go to " advanced settings " . here is defined how wifi should behave when the phone goes to " standby " . the default usually is to disable wifi , so you might want to set it to be kept alive : wifi advanced settings and sleep policy while screens might look a little different depending on the device being used , these screenshots should help you identifying the settings : )
try doing a data wipe and wipe the cache as well . i would then reinstall the cm7 package on the device . if the issue is specifically with cwm crashing , it could be because the partitions are sizes that cwm does not support . i had an issue like that with my nook color . i have a nerwer model and the data partitions were 5gb and the media partition was 2gb , the older versions had it reversed . i found a script that someone already created to put the partitions back to the old format and cwm worked fine after that . now , i am taking a shot in the dark here on this , as i do not have that device , nor have i really read anything about it or the issue you are describing .
(Menu button) More -&gt; Find on page .
if you " long-press " in the text field , one of the options that pops up , along with select all , copy all , etc is input method select that , and it should let you change your keyboard settings . most android keyboards also have a way to quickly change the language on the keyboard itself . on swype , you long press on the q to change language , on the samsung t9 keypad there is a " gear " button in the bottom-right that lets you change settings . do you know which ( t9 ) keyboard you are using ?
in android 2.2 's stock keyboard , a long press on space bar then swiping left or right should allow you to switch between languages you selected on Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard settings &gt; Android keyboard &gt; Input Languages &gt; Select Multiple Languages . note that it depends on your manufacturer , carrier , and rom whether your phone will have the dictionary for the languages you want to use .
downlaod the android 2.3.4 user 's guide . read " change the keyboard language " on page 35 . on the android operating system , the keyboard language selection is specific for models that use a customised android version as for example is the case with htc phones . the nexus s uses the standard version issued by google , for which the quoted link applies . i can not find a user 's guide for the latest android version 2.3.6 but the procedure for setting more than one keyboard language and the procedure for language selection when writing texts is the same as with android 2.3.4 . does this answer help ?
from wikipedia : battery life ( talk time and standby time ) of active dual-sim mobile phones is reduced , typically by about a third . for instance , device manufacturer samsung declares a standby time for its champ duos e2652 dual sim phone of 476 hours when used with one sim card and of 322 hours when used with two sim cards . to compensate the shorter battery life , some dual sim phones ship with better capacity batteries , for example newer lenovo p780 have a 4000mah capacity . wikipedia also describes different types of dual-sims , such as : pseudo-dual dual sim shift : accepts 2 sims ; only 1 active at a time ; 1 signal bar dual sim dual stand-by ( dsds ) : both active ; 2 signals , but only 1 call at a time dual sim full active ( dsfa ) dual sim dual call/dual talk : both active ; 2 signals , and can process both calls at the same time . i think this one would consume the most battery . update 2013-09-23: the answer to your 1st question is no , as described in the quoted wikipedia text above . for your 2nd question , i do not know , but i assume it would not run since there is no sim . probably also the reason why it consumes lesser battery .
use any application you want for recording your calls ! use an app like dropspace to set up sync lists , mark your recording directory and voila you are done and set to go like a boss :d
you can do this from the app you are currently using . go to the settings and click the dropbox link which can be found under cloud . make sure you have installed dropbox and you are connected to the internet . image : google play . click here for a larger variant . there are other options such as call recorder with dropbox as well .
wifi analyzer is a great app for viewing wifi information
this does not belong here , but that aside . . . you do not really " install " the drivers . the framework needed for usb otg is often found in custom kernels , you should be looking there . this question is also probably best asked on the forum thread of the custom rom you flashed . a quick look at your device 's forum on xda shows a fully working stock-based custom rom that supports usb otg out of the box . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2204384 i would start with that .
there are two ways i think you can do this , in the android app , click on the layer selection and go to the my maps layer , where you should see your private maps . if you want to access your bookmarked address , from the main maps screen , click the menu button and choose the bookmarks option . ( not sure about bookmarks , i have a french ui , so it shows as ' favoris' )
you might try the ultimate rotation control app -- when i tested , i found that it could force any of the apps i tested to rotate . it is a seven day free trial , then requires a license purchase ( us$2.99 ) . it turned out that i did not really consider the app that inspired me to download this any better when force rotated , so i did not purchase , but your mileage may vary .
i have not tried this myself , but it seems to be possible using the xposed framework and its appsettings module – provided your device is rooted . from its announced features : force orientation ( portrait/landscape/auto )
on android 4.0 at least , the " maps " app has a " my maps " layer . it will show you your saved maps . on older versions of android ( sorry , but i can not confirm this ) i think there is a separate " my maps " app .
open viber . tap the group that you have made . tap the gear icon on the top right on the app window . select leave/delete group .
try getting out of off-line mode while your phone is charging . if that always works the battery might grow old .
if you either go to airplane mode each night , you might want to try out some automating app like timeriffic ( free ) or tasker ( ~eur 5 ) which could switch on airplane mode at night , and automatically switch it off in the morning . this way you do not get stuck with a grayed-out menu item -- and in case you do and need to get out of it , you may just need to play with some profile in this app . another alternative would be using some toggle-switcher ( e . g . elixier or power toggles ) , which provide you with widgets to switch airplane mode and more . also , on many android devices , there is a pre-installed widget available which usually also includes airplane mode -- mostly called something like " power widget " or " energy widget" ; just check the lists of widgets available to be added on your device .
i found a google mobile help forum thread reporting the same problem . a google employee suggested a fix : deleting and reinstalling all the installed dictionaries . this worked for me .
often times , one of the main differences between android phone models is the supported frequency bands . this can be because they simply use different antennas for different bands , or because they support completely different network standards ( e . g . cdma and gsm versions ) . it is not uncommon for devices to be released with completely different names on different networks , in fact , when they are essentially the same device . for example , the original galaxy s had a number of named variants on different carriers : the captivate , the vibrant , and the fascinate . there can also be other hardware differences between variants as well . in this case specifically , the i9500 international version of the gs4 does not have an lte radio , although the i9505/i9506 does . in the gs4 's case , this is because they are built with entirely different systems on a chip : the i9500 uses an exynos whereas the others use snapdragons . significant hardware differences like this are , from what i have seen , not generally as common ( although i have no hard numbers ) , though some changes to less essential things like the camera or nfc support could exist as well 1 . the spec sheets for each version should outline this information , though , so it is worth checking since there is no real way to " generalize " these differences . the international versions will work on at and t and t-mobile usa 's 2g networks , as well as at and t 's 3g and certain t-mobile 3g areas ( ones using the 850 mhz band ) , but will not support lte on either . they will not work at all on verizon , because they do not support cdma networks nor do they support verizon 's lte band . even if they did , verizon will typically not activate non-branded phones on their network . if you are going to use verizon , you need to buy a verizon phone . can i use my device on a different carrier ? has more detailed information on how to make these determinations . a rom for one phone will not typically work on other variants , or if it does it will be somewhat broken . for example , running a rom for the gsm galaxy nexus ( maguro ) on a cdma variant ( like toro ) would often work since the hardware was largely the same , but you could not make phone calls or access 3g data or the like . in this specific scenario , i would not expect a rom for the international gs4 to run on another variant at all . they use completely different systems on a chip . in most cases , the only real " con " , as such , to owning an unlocked/off-network phone is that you cannot get official support for the device through your carrier . they will often be willing to provide some kind of equipment protection plan or insurance , but if you go into a store or call customer service for technical support they will not be able to help you . 1 with samsung it may be slightly more common , because of the nature of the situation . they designed the exynos chipset , which is why they use it in their devices in place of qualcomm 's snapdragon , but they did not have an exynos soc that supported lte at the time . thus , in markets where they intend to support lte , they sometimes go with entirely different chips ( like snapdragons ) .
you could install a 3rd-party app like go sms pro to replace the stock messaging app . this would allow you to customize the font size , colors , backgrounds , theme , and others .
go to your messaging app on your front screen or where ever you have it placed and then once you are on it go to the bottom left corner on your phone and tap it and then hit settings and scroll down and it says bubble style or background style and there you go you changed it and you can also change your messaging background
go to the messaging app and hit the settings button . you will see bubble style and background style . when you select bubble style you will see options at the bottom of the screen that you can scroll through ( the top option is the look for your outgoing messages , the bottom option is the look for received messages ) . when you select background style there are a few options to scroll through at the bottom of the screen as well .
i believe this happens on very large playlists ( > 100 files ) . i use doubletwist to sync and my large playlist is always out of order in gpm no matter what i try . fortunately the dt music player does not appear to use the playlist after creating it ; but instead uses its own database for the order .
i have the same problem on my nexus 5 with kitkat 4.4.2 . i have around a 100 tracks probably a bit less and the sequence in most albums is wrong . tried to clear the app data to rebuild its database but the problem remains . so annoying , pity because i love this app 's ui ! i think this is just a bug that needs to be reported and made more evidentbfor them to fix it .
had the same issue for say 50-75 files and when i reported to the developer at the bottom they asked me to simply update the app . later in the next release this bug appeared again so i simply disabled the app and went for another player or another player .
as @geffchang points out , you can use the google search facility . it does not just search the web , but items on your phone too . usually it searches your phone as you type , and provides a button to go to a web search , but that is different in different versions . the way you get to it depends on what device you have . if you have a big box labelled " google " on your home screen , tap that and enter text . ( nexus devices tend to have this . ) you might instead have a button with that label on your home screen : tap it . if your device runs jelly bean ( i.e. . it comes with google now ) and has on-screen soft keys for back , home , and recent apps , hold your finger on home . a ring will appear ( like the one you get on the lock screen ) . drag over to the " google " button and release . if your device has a hardware search key , whether it is a physical key or a capacitive one , go to the home screen and press the search key ( which looks like a magnifying glass ) . these days i think only htc phones and some unbranded ones have them . if there is not a search key but there is a menu key ( most samsung phones ) , long-press that instead . if none of the above methods work for you , go to the app drawer ( the list of all apps ) and look for one called just google . start that app . if you often want to search , and that is too long a process , there is a home screen widget ( called google search ) that adds the same search bar you find on nexus devices .
android has google search . in the homescreen , long-press the left soft key of your phone to trigger the search . also , if your phone has a google app , launch it . then click the left soft key to open a menu . click Settings , and you will find Phone Search . you can select which items to search .
the desire supports sdhc which is upto 32gb so it should work fine . i have a 16gb in my droid and there is no difference noticable from a smaller card ( other than it having more capacity ) . if you were to find a bigger card ( i am not sure they have any in micro ) you had need a phone that supports sdxc .
use the android kitchen . there is an option to unpack/repack boot . img there , under Advanced options .
if you have not created a system backup ( sometimes called nandroid ) before updating , you have only one option : install an android 4.2 through recovery or flash and then do a factory reset .
which version is your nexus 4 running on ? 4.4 ( krt16s ) or 4.4.2 ( kot49h ) check by going into Settings &gt; About &gt; Build Number 4.4.2 ( kot49h ) is newer and fixes a lot of the bugs from 4.4 ( krt16s ) . you might try updating if you are running a lower version . you can revert back to 4.2.2 ( jdq39 ) via : factory reset manual flash ( stock image here ) a system backup image as for the google play services battery drain : afaik it is caused by google now always accessing your location reporter and also waking up the phone from time to time . known solutions : disable the location reporter or prevent google now from accessing your location turn off high accuracy when location reporting ( gps ) is not in use simply turn google now off one more thing to take into concern are the updates . have you updated all the stock google apps . if not , just leave your nexus on wifi for a while to update all the google goodies and then try using it for a while on kitkat . if you notice the battery drain again revert back to jelly bean or simply try applying a solution from above to see if it fixes the drain .
happened to me one on my dhd my phone had same symptoms what i did was take the batttery out then hold the power button and then insert the battery into the phone again ( while holding the power button down/ pushing ) and my phone rebooted into bootloader and from there i switched to recovery hope this trick will work for you . good luck
to answer if google distributes binaries for your device : no , they do not ( unless you have a nexus device ) . they do , however , have the full android source code available so that if you wanted you could compile the source code for your device . however , that leads into your second question about the drivers and such . yes , you will need to find the drivers and any other proprietary files that your device requires for it to interface with android . you would have to search about compiling a custom rom for your device and how to include these files . likely , your simplest choice is find an aosp ( android open source project ) rom that exists for your device and install that . check the xda forums to see if your device is included on their site . if so , go into the development sub-section for your device to search for roms .
compass calibration works by detecting the magnetic field intensity of earth . but sometimes due to strong interference from other electronic devices like transformers compass sensor may get wrong idea about the magnetic poles of earth and can point in wrong direction . so to ensure that it asks users to recalibrate compass by rotating in figure 8 direction so that it can judge the magnetic intensity in all directions and then from that data it deduces the actual poles of earth .
at any point in space , the magnetic field strength and direction is the net effect of all the magnetic field sources affecting that point . the earth 's magnetic field is one of them . magnetized screwdrivers , cars , refrigerator magnets , etc . all produce fields . fields are also produced by current flowing through wires . it is like pouring water into a glass from multiple sources . once it is in the glass , you can not tell where it came from . there is no instrument that can determine the " actual poles " of the earth by measuring the magnetic field at a point . what the phone can do , however , is sense the point where the phone axis is parallel to the n/s magnetic force line and determine which end of the phone is north-pointing . if you do your dance far away from objects that might be magnetized , like cars and steel fences , the field the phone is measuring may be primarily the earth 's field and hence the phone compass will be properly calibrated . if you then put the phone into a magnetized car , however , it will point the wrong direction for north . the steel in every car is magnetized to one degree or another . high-precision compasses such are used on aircraft and serious maritime vessels actually have tiny correction magnets that are adjustable with screws for n/s and e/w errors . they are calibrated after installation by turning the vehicle onto known headings ( a compass rose painted by a surveyor on a taxiway far from metal buildings , for example ) and fussing with the magnets until the compass error is minimized . then the residual errors are recorded on a " compass correction card " for use in correcting the indicated readings . google for " compass correction card " to see images . in theory , the gps could be used to calibrate the compass when walking or driving since the instantaneous gps track is accurate . i have not heard of this being done , though it possibly is common . it would work even in a magnetized car . in an airplane or a ship this would not work , however , because the vehicle 's heading is to one degree or another usually crabbed slightly into the wind and the gps has no knowledge of this .
you do not need to do anything . every device using google backup with the same google account keeps its own separate set of data . when you sign into your google account for the first time after a factory-reset , the device will look through all the backup sets and try to pick the most recent one from the same device . it'll restore from that set of data , and use that to create a new backup set . only if you sign in on a completely new device that you have not used before ( not even before a factory-reset ) will it choose a set from a different device : in that case , the most recently backed-up set . so , you can leave your galaxy nexus backing up to its own set , and your galaxy s5 backing up to its own set . if you factory-reset one of them , it'll restore the apps and data from the same device . for a much more complete explanation of how google backup keeps track of different sets of backed-up data , see my answer to google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ?
you should " root " your nexus to gain superuser privileges , that way you can delete all unnecessary apps and data that does not correspond with its new uses as a mobile streaming media device . http://lifehacker.com/5886876/how-to-root-the-samsung-galaxy-nexus if you are unsure what an app does , before you delete it you can google the app name and find out its function . it would be better to save the app or file to your computer instead of deletion in case you need it its easily retrievable .
i did not have any issue making a similar change myself , using the guides online that walk you through switching your samsung or telco branded galaxy nexus ( on the samsung upgrade track ) to a google branded one on the much faster google upgrade track . do not skip any steps , and be sure to back everything up , and be aware that you are probably voiding your warranty . i linked to a 4.1.1 upgrade guide ; i am sure there are newer ones out , though most of the guide will be identical .
i can confirm that you will have no problems if you follow the steps . i upgraded yakju . also this did not void my warranty . i had the motherboard replaced sometime after upgrade .
this sounds like it could be one of two things : either it could be a problem with the pdf reader on the samsung galaxy tab or that the different screen resolution is just making both images appear on top of one another ( more likely ) . since the tab has a smaller screen it could be " warping " the image to appear differently when in actuality there is nothing wrong with the pdf . you will need to shrink that pdf . there are many pdf viewers on the market that will allow you to view pdfs accurately if the pdf reader is the problem . a simple market search for " pdf " should turn up a number of readers . you can try this approach but it is also likely that the reader on the tab is merely warping the image and that there is nothing inherently wrong with the reader itself . more likely , you can try shrinking your pdfs down to an appropriate size if they are too large . from what you are describing this may very well be the problem , your exact problem may be occurring because the images within the pdf are extremely large . they can be trimmed down . this will also reduce the overall file size of the pdf ( desirable ) . for more information see : http://www.ehow.com/how_4937702_reduce-pdf-file-size-easily.html
use ezpdf reader to view that file .
i was able to restore the factory firmware using the instructions here . worked with no problem on windows 7 . : ) i guess this is why we should use custom-recovery like clockworkmod ?
try rebooting into recovery and connecting to the phone via adb : adb devices it should give a message like this : List of devices attached 01234565ABCDEFG recovery  you can then copy the file off the phone : adb pull /system/build.prop c:\build.prop you can now edit it in any text editor ( recommend notepad++ because it will preserve the unix style line endings , ) and then copy it back to the phone : adb push c:\build.prop /system/build.prop if the issue was indeed within that file , the phone should boot now .
you restore the backup you made before editing such a sensitive file . rm build.prop cp yourbackupbuild.prop build.prop  if you did not have the foresight to make a backup , then i guess you can ask for someone with the same phone/software version to send you theirs .
they are included in android . the correct settings are determined by your sim mcc and mnc ( mobile country code and mobile network code ) . if you want , you can view the list of preset apns by looking at the source code , for example at android-source-browsing . the file name in this case is /etc/apns-full-conf . xml , but apparently it varies .
next to the pre-configured settings from /etc/apns-full-conf.xml as described in onik 's answer , some providers offer to send you so-called " service sms " for an automated configuration . opinions on those are quite confusing : some say those do not work on android or ios devices , and you had have to enter apn data manually ( e . g . simyo in germany ) , while others even let you select your device in advance to send you a tailored service sms ( e . g . t-mobile gernamy , where i selected an sgs3 and then was asked to enter my phone number to receive the sms ; or base germany , which is the same provider/network as simyo ; one might say that is due to the fact that simyo is a discounter brand ) . i am with mentioned provider named base ( belonging to the e-plus group ) . when i got my new optimus 4x , inserted the sim , and started it , i immediately got 3 service-sms , which were " executed " on my device . i unfortunately did not check the configuration before , so i cannot say what effect they had ( if any ) -- but at least i have got no error messages , and everything was working fine . edit : comments from onik ( on his answer ) and compro01 ( here , see below ) indicate : whether those " service sms " do work or not , might well depend on the ( device and ) rom used .
i do not think the audible touch tones menu item is actually related , since that controls whether or not you hear dial pad tones when dialing a number . the setting you want should be CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Silent State , and you will just need to make sure that it is checked . i have audible touch tones disabled as well , but it does not interfere with my ability to enable/disable the silent state option .
on my galaxy s3 wich i updated about two weeks ago , there is an " accounts " part in the settings , right after the " personal " one , where all my accounts are listed . do you have it ? i can also access to the sync settings from the contacts list , then press the menu touch button ( on the left of the home button ) and choose accounts .
i also have the same tablet . i just installed a 32gb micro sdhc and it worked right off the bat . it came pre-formatted , i installed it with power off , and on power up it was recognized and mounted . polaroid 32 gb cl10 micro sdhc flash memory cards for tablet pcs and smartphones ( p-sdu32g10-efpol )
this feature is not built into android , but there is an app - desksms , that allows you to do what you are asking . it does , however , require the use of a browser plugin .
you might want to take a look at e.g. airdroid , which offers a little more than just sms stuff : this app establishes a service on your android device , and you can connect to it via your favorite web browser : manage your files , contacts , sms , and more . no special client-soft necessary on your pc ( except for the web browser ) . if you want something more close to your nokia suite experience , take a look at myphoneexplorer client : here you need a special pc component ( available for download on the developers homepage ) . but then you can synchronize lots of things with your pc ( windows only ! ) , like e.g. your calendar with outlook etc .
sorry i am a bit late to the conversation . you could checkout popmyphone on the google play store . it sends/receives sms through your email , and works if your phone only has3g . if you receive an sms it will popup in your email system on your desktop/laptop/tablet . you can reply and the sms goes from your gs2 . search for popmyphone . there is nothing you need to install on your desktop/laptop/tablet or anything else that can receive email . disclosure : i am affiliated to the people who develop popmyphone
not sure if you are still looking for a better solution . but i recommend to try mysms . it is the best that i found ( and i tried desksms , airdroid , browsertexting and mightytext ) , and i am using it for a while now . it replaces your stock sms app on your galaxy sii and lets you text from your pc at app.mysms.com. messages are synced across your phone and computer . until now the app has never let me down ! if you also use a tablet , they have also an app for it .
i literally had to scavenge the code up and down to get to the solution . a xml called defaults . xml contains the default input method node . that needed to be changed to the package name of the jellybean 's latinime . this is yet to be tested ; will let you all know if it runs okay .
what is the partition format of the sd card ? fat does not supports symlinks , although i believe it should be possible to create a symlink in ext3 that points to a fat directory . also , there are operations that even root are not allowed to do , such as writing to a read-only drive or writable drives that are mounted read-only . what is the output of ' mount ' command ? also , your command looks fishy ; try using absolute path ( i.e. . do not prepend the path with ./ , instead prepend with / ) : $ su # ln -s /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard/external_sd 
a bit more playing around led me to a ( if not the ) solution . i found an " enable headset buttons " check box in meridian , which prompted me to dig further into beyondpod , where a found a similar setting . everything works as i would like now . i have since gone back and checked a couple of things though , which are not quite as i expected . i thought if you re-enabled the controls within one app , it might disable the other . this is not quite what happened . when i re-enabled meridian , it responded to the controls , although beyondpod still showed it as supposedly responding , which it did not . once i would disabled meridian again , i had to go back into beyondpod , disable and re-enable it is control in order to have it respond again . my main gripe was that if i were listening a podcast , and bumped the headphone controls , the music would start playing over the top of my podcast audio . while it may be a cute multi-tasking demo , it is not a particularly practical use of this feature , imh ( bc ) o .
yes , flashing a custom rom will void your warranty . however , it is very simple to revert to the stock rom with a galaxy s for warranty purposes . rooting will also void your warranty , but the method below does not require root . the easiest way to a get a new os for a galaxy s is to use odin for windows ( download here . search for " heimdall " if you want to do this on linux ) . you just need an odin-flashable rom . for the galaxy s vibrant , i highly recommend the rom i currently use , bionix v1.3.1 , which has a touchwiz-free version . i assume you have a gt-i9000 however ; you should look for one that suits your purposes in xda 's i9000 android development forum . edit : according to this post , the only completely touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod , which is unstable/buggy . so if you do not want cm and just want to replace the launcher , you can do that without flashing another rom as amanda says in her answer . otherwise you can continue with the instructions below for using odin . once you have the rom , do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery if non-i9000 , attach the phone to your pc via usb . hold volumedown plus either the home key ( i9000 ) or volumeup ( non-i9000 ) and the power button reinsert the battery . let go of the power button only about 1 second after the white device logo appears ( if it does ) after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , you can let go of the keys since this is download mode . start up odin . if non-i9000 , detatch your phone from usb . attach the phone to usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the custom rom ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
in order to replace the os there are a few steps that must be taken . i do not have a samsung galaxy s phone nor do i know how locked down it is . at this time , i do know that the sgs is not available on cyanogenmod yet ( popular stock-ish android os rom ) . in general , the steps for any phone would be : root the phone ( varies by phone ) download rom manager flash a recovery such as clockwork recovery make a backup of the phone 's original rom with nandroid use rom manager to download a rom , such a cyanogenmod flash the rom with rom manager . some phones it is not possible to flash a rom because of a locked bootloader . most motorola droid phones except for the original droid and xoom have this problem . however , as already mentioned , you can still replace the home launcher with another such as launcherpro , adw or numerous others .
i am not familiar with the samsung galaxy , but in general if you want to install an aftermarket os you need to root your phone and in general rooting your phone will void the warranty . do you have other reasons for wanting to change the os or is it really just touchwiz ? according to this xda post , the only touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod . it is very unstable on the galaxy s though . however , you can install a different launcher such as launcherpro . touchwiz will still be on the phone , but just in the background , so you can have a more " stock android " experience by using another launcher . i hope i have answered your intial question . do not hesitate to ask new questions about how to go about disabling touchwiz if you do opt to go that route .
quick answer : yes it is possible to get a nearly stock android on your galaxy s . i just flashed gingerbread to my galaxy s last week or so . you can find any relevant information here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/17020-all-models-cyanogenmod-7-for-samsung-galaxy-s-phones-experimental/ contrary to what is written in the first post i would actually say that it is already pretty stable for a rom which is described as ' experimental ' . since i installed it i cannot remember of any system crash or similar . ( which does not mean that it will not destroy your phone . ) there are some missing features/bugs though . notably : radio , frontfacing camera . another funny bug is that your data connection only works after you lock and unlock your phone . ( you have to do this once it boots so it is not a big deal . ) and oh , gingerbread is awesome . edit : if you are on linux you can use heimdall instead of odin .
you could try to use a third party emulator which by my experience , works very well . i am not going to tell you that it will not lag from time to time , but take the trial and you will see how much better this emulator runs . it is not a free application , but it is not expensive either . you can find it at youwave android emulator . give the trial a try and get back to us ; )
the emulator is slow because it is an qemu that emulates a whole different cpu architecture as it is used by consumer pcs : arm ( vs . x86 ( _64 ) on your pc ) this means that every cpu instruction on the emulator 's arm cpu has to be emulated , which is per se slow . also the emulator is afaik single-threaded . this means that speed-up can only be achieved by fast cpus cores - multi-cores will not help here - and a reasonable amount of ram .
honeycomb ( 3.0 ) is notoriously slow in the emulator . you could try to get most of your functionality working for the phone first , to minimize using honeycomb . there are some bios settings to enable virtualization support in your cpu . i think turning these on may speed up the emulator , but i am not sure . ( the exact names for your system i do not know , but they will have " virtualization " or " vt-x " or something in the name . you could also try dedicating a processor to the emulator . you can change the " processor affinity " for processes in windows using task manager . if you change it so that your emulator prefers one processor and your other main tasks ( like eclipse ) avoid that processor , you may see some gains . if your processor is hyperthreaded , make sure that you treat the two virtual cores as one core and assign the emulator to prefer both virtual cores . ( finding the processes may be easier with processexplorer because you can click the target button and then click a window and it shows you the process for that window . ) update : see the using hardware acceleration section on the android docs to see how to use your gpu and virtualization support in your cpu to speed up the emulator .
one svn app is available in google play . but i think it can work as svn client only , i have not tried it though .
have you tried the " apollo music player"-app by the cyanogenmod team ? as far as i know you cannot read and play music from the external memory if the application is not able to . so you will not fix it by installing the app on the external sdcard . the appolo music player is : free great equalizer high quality this cannot be downloaded from the google market , but you might grab it from xda ( just be sure to enable to permit installing from unknown sources ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2196385
see if this helps .
an alternative to converting wmvs to a format that the stock video player recognizes is to install a video player that can handle it , such as mobo player or arcmedia
i really do not know what the " best " means . you can find a great one , but you cannot say it is the best one forever . and i just want to suggest you the following two converters which i think is very great . free : freemake video converter paid : leawo video converter
you can not prevent that . if the system ( or app ) reload the content , this is because it has decided to reload it . there is no option to prevent that . but you can create your own browser that will handle the resume as you want ; )
you may try to use swap memory . it works for certain amount of time and relies on the quantity of apps you have got open at the same time and how heavy they are . research about it , but you need unlocked bootloader and being root . other option could be a device with more ram ( > = 1gb ram ) . cheers .
just uncheck " do not keep activities " from the " developer options " under general android settings .
sounds like there is something funny with either your usb cable , the charger or the socket on your phone that is causing it to detect it as a full pc connection , rather than just a dumb charger . you should be able to get rid of that prompt for the moment by going into settings -> wireless and network -> usb settings and selecting the mass storage mode rather than the samsung kies mode . however you really ought to try with another charger and cable to see if that fixes the actual problem , pure-charger cables should not be detected as a pc , the signal on the cable is different and the phone should detect that .
go to settings > applications > development > and check usb debugging after that if you connect your s2 to a pc it will connect in usb mode and you will not get the kies application popup .
they seem to have removed this option completely for s4 active . one keeps wondering why samsung chose to use kies , which slows down file transfer substantially and , moreover , may do weird things like changing the photo date of image files when moved across the device 's folders . . .
if you have rom manager before , then you can install any rom which you will find on different sites
unless you have a previous backup , there is no easy way to recover them . use handcent or gosms - they have in-built scheduling to backup sms to your sd card or to send the backup to an email mailbox you specify .
spoiler : the following does only work on rooted devices ! if they are already gone , in most cases it is too late . however , some chances are left if your device is rooted -- but they are not that easy to achieve : you would need a complete ( physical ) file system copy from your internal storage , and pull that to your workstation . once you have achieved that , you can use a process called file carving to get hold of even deleted files . this might get especially tricky as most devices use yaffs2 for their internal storage -- a file system rarely used on any workstation . some file carving software solutions include : scalpel available for linux ( prefered ) , mac os x , windows foremost linux ; can also work on images created with dd -- so if you were able to create such on your device , the yaffs2 barrier is gone ) testdisk supports a lot of operating systems concerning this special case ( especially with yaffs2 ) , i would say the best approach would be to go with a dd image and foremost . as on yaffs2 things are not that lightly " deleted or wiped " ( to prolong the life of nand-flash , " stuff " is rather marked deleted and only overwritten when that storage block is needed to store new data ) , chances are quite good to recover " stuff " . not everybody 's easiest way , i know -- but there is no " easy solution " i could see .
you could use an " overlay " like e.g. ulysse speedometer , map speedometer , gps hud speedometer , digihud speedometer , or navigation speedometer : digihud and ulysse as map overlays ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) though above screenshots are not from osmand , the overlays work the same there : )
it may be a firmware upgrade ( firware over the air fota ) . there is a fota app . go to apps in settings . click on clear data for fota app . check for update again .
going by the error message which the device is giving conveys that the android update has crashed midway . this crash during the update is possible due to loss of network connection or the device booted during the update . as the update has crashed you will not be able to update your phone even if your place an sd card or not because the operating system of ay android version irrespective of the hardware is always installed on your on board storage space but not on the sd card . the only possible solution for your crashed update is first you need to do a factory reset . doing a factory reset will completely wipe our memory and will retain your device as it was in the start when you purchased it . before going ahead with the factory reset please be sure that you are ready to wipe your data and have a backup present with you . after doing the reset make sure your device is completely charged and have a good connection to the internet . if you do not have any one of the above then you could again face the same issue and to the max may not be able to use the device in severe cases . once both are achieved you should be able to easily update your device
if you do not mind factory reset/wipe the phone and try updating again ( back-up data before doing so ) . it should do the trick . but before trying above method , also try this because i doubt that the device is lacking memory resources on both sd card and internal memory . try to make some free space in internal memory/external memory ( 400 mb-500 mb must be suffice ) .
have you tried doing the update from your pc instead ? you can download the mobile upgrade software and connect your device to your pc to perform the update . launch the tool and update your phone by following the step by step instructions ( refer to the user guide provided together with the tool ) . your phone’s software will now have the latest software . note that this will wipe your device according to the user manual which also recommends using the one touch center software to backup/restore your personal information all personal information will be permanently lost following the update process . we recommend you backup your personal data using one touch center before upgrading .
looks like google has released a new version of authenticator ( as of march 21 , 2012 ) under a new package name : com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 . old version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator new version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 different package names means that you can have them both installed simultaneously , but my guess is that google will eventually remove the old version from the play store . installing authenticator 2 without uninstalling authenticator allows authenticator 2 to import your currently configured sites . i have read a few posts from people claiming that google lost their signing key , and this why they have to release a new app under a new package name . i want to emphasize that there is no evidence to support this claim . while it is true that signing keys cannot be changed with app updates and therefore require a completely new app/package name , a more plausible explanation could be that google wants to integrate authenticator more tightly ( e . g . , shared uids , signature permissions ) with other apps ( see below ) . additional info for those interested : the signing key used on the old version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 24:BB:24:C0:5E:47:E0:AE:FA:68:A5:8A:76:61:79:D9:B6:13:A6:00 ) is also used to sign : scoreboard , goggles , finance , google voice , shopper , transalte , chrometophone , earth , reader , and a few others . the signing key used on the new version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 38:91:8A:45:3D:07:19:93:54:F8:B1:9A:F0:5E:C6:56:2C:ED:57:88 ) is used to sign : google maps , google play store , gmail , google+ , google chrome and google music . update : google has put up a blog post talking about the new up as well as the upgrade procedure .
if you are only interested in looking at http requests , then it is possible to do that by installing a web proxy and configuring android to use it . however , that is not completely reliable , as not all apps respect the central proxy settings : firefox is an example of an app that does not . a web proxy does not require root , but the user has to set it up by hand : you can configure it automatically only if you have root . if that were not the case it would be a bit of a security problem in android : a normal app could eavesdrop or otherwise interfere with other apps ' network communication . of course , even for real packet sniffing , you only need to root the device if you want to install the sniffer on the device . to see the device 's network traffic , it is much easier and more convenient to install a sniffer on a desktop linux machine acting as a ( wi-fi ) router .
if you have a compromised kernel , then it does not matter whether you have root or not . packet sniffing app goes through the kernel 's public interface for sniffing packets , which is why they are subject to security restrictions ; a compromised kernel can simply bypass all that and read the packets directly from the kernel internal data structure or directly from the hardware . kernel code runs under supervisor mode which gives them direct access to the hardware including being able to read any parts of memory of any program running on the system . if it is a branded phone that had been customized by your telco , they build the device image for your device , including the kernel image . in non-branded phone , it is similar situation except it is with the manufacturer . additionally , manufacturers can also install malicious hardware .
since both sets of instructions you link to consist of running some closed-source software that interacts with your phone through the debug interface , only the authors of those programs can tell you precisely what they do . as ce4 says in his comment , the one on the xda-developers website exploits a vulnerability : that is , a defect in the phone 's software . the defect lets a program run as root on the phone , and this software uses that to install a program permanently so that it always runs as root . the other software could be doing anything . if it works for your phone , it probably exploits the same vulnerability , but only the author can tell you for sure .
i would use the motochopper exploit from the first thread . the exploit is from dan rosenberg ( djrbliss on xda ) , a known security researcher who has published some android root exploits so far . if the exploit does not work , there is no harm it can inflict . if it does work , harm can only be done while persisting the root access but i have not seen any problems with that ( either it does not work at all or it just works ) . the second alternative seems to be a streamlined free/paid service that is probably probing your device and it will eventually use the same motochopper exploit from the first thread . background info : announcement on xda exploit : http://vulnfactory.org/public/motochopper.zip
if you want the timeout increased permanently , you can use the hint given in troniczomb 's answer . but keep in mind that display is one one the heaviest battery consumers -- so if you often forget to turn off your display manually , your battery might last much shorter . a more intelligent approach would be using some automation software like e.g. tasker or llama , and have your display timeout set according to your situation . i use e.g. tasker for that : when one of my reading apps ( rss , ebook , web ) runs in foreground , tasker increases the display timeout to 3 minutes . as soon as i exit them ( another app or the homescreen comes to foreground ) , display timeout is reset to 30 seconds . of course you can adjust those values to your needs . as a side effect , you will be able to automate a lot of additional stuff . for me , tasker e.g. automatically activates gps when i start some related app , and deactivates it afterwards ( on 4.2 , this will require your device to be rooted ) . it also switches wifi off when i left home ( and turns it back on when i return ) , and adjusts ringer/audio volumes when i am in the office , plus more .
go to settings -> display -> sleep , and you can change the time out requirement from there .
the old reader 's website has a list of apps that are known to use its api . the only android app currently listed is : listener launcher which is an alternative launcher , so probably does more than you want . however a quick search of the play store for " the old reader " comes up with : the old reader ( unofficial ) app , and the greader ( free version ) ( paid version ) app both of which claim to sync with the old reader , amongst other services .
you can not transfer system apps ( that is , the apps that came preinstalled ) to another device or back them up . the apps will be built into the funtab 's rom ( or system image ) , and even if you could extract the files , they almost certainly will have copy protection to stop you using them on a different device . to make an analogy , imagine you bought a pc and it came with powerdvd . now imagine you were to break the pc and buy a completely different one from a different manufacturer . you would not have an install disk for powerdvd , and the old installation would have copy protection so you can only use it on that specific model of pc . if you wanted to install powerdvd on your new pc , you had have to go out and buy it . preinstalled apps on android are no different . if you had downloaded angry birds from google play ( or most other marketplaces ) , you had be able to install it on any device with your account . you would not need to back it up : google would know that you had bought it , so they would let you download it again for free . preinstalled apps do not work that way , though .
here is an old question on stackoverflow about the same thing . it does not look like there is any way to view them directly , but there are various apps that can do it .
yes , you can delete log files on your device . . . using the app sd maid ( explorer tab ) on a rooted samsung galaxy note 1 ( n7000 ) , android 4.1.2 , lt5 build , i found 900+ log files in /data/log . after clearing the literally hundreds of dumpstate* files , i got my internal memory back from only 207mb up to 1040+ mb ! now i can complete all the missing updates . these files were dated back over more than 1 year and seemed to serve no valid function any more . afterwards the device booted , was faster and no functionality was lost . looking at the dates of these files they coincided with some system crashes and sd card mounting problems i had received in the past . but in order to even see these files you will need a rooted device . using the clean master app on a rooted device also found a lot of files which could be deleted . here are the links to the apps in google play store as requested sd maid : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.thedarken.sdm clean master : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguard
logcat messages are not stored in files , but rather in circular memory buffers . you may clear these buffers using the following command : adb logcat -c  source : using logcat
by doing a factory reset and formatting the sd cards , i would say that it is safe enough to sell . if you want to be perfectly sure , flashing the original rom with option of wiping the cache will make the phone as good as you got it when you purchased . of course , still you have to format the sd card in that case as well . to know how to flash the original rom for you lg optimus gt540 , you can visit this page , which has a step by step instructions about this process . you should be able to find similar such page for your other samsung device just with google search . update : i found this web page , which explains about to how to downgrade i5800 to 2.1 . by that process you can get the original rom ( watch out for the region ) and safely sell .
if you want a specific app to react to bluetooth commands , you have to set it to high priority . i know poweramp has such a setting . check the spotify settings for a high priority option .
the solution is to install program wake lock and set the setting to PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK . this keep necessary power for sd card even if of charger and with disabled display . it obviously cause a bit more battery consumption , but far less then constant sd card remounting . no root needed .
i was able to resolve the issue by calling sprint and having them fix it on their end . looks like gv does not properly give the phone number back when you remove the service from your phone on their website and dial *38 .
to auto answer your calls : go to google.com/voice then click on the settings button then go to the tab called " calls " change the call screening setting to " off " then " save changes "
there is no such site that lists all the available rom 's for all the devices - if there was , it would be huge . the best way to find a custom rom , as well as ways to flash and guides , is to check the more popular forums - such as xda-developers or the android forums .
that is easily accomplished using tasker . if you do not know , tasker is the most complete automation solution for android . it does not come for free ( 5 euro -- but you can get a free trial on their homepage ) , but is definitly worth the price . just take a look at the tasker userguide for a full description . tasker combines conditions and tasks to profiles . in your case , the task would be something like : task autosync : auto-sync : on you will have two conditions , one for each profile ( tasker always connects conditions by and , so you need two different profiles : profile home : condition : wifi connected ( add your home network 's details ) task : autosync profile college : condition : wifi connected ( add your college 's network 's details ) task : autosync now , when you are not connected to any of these networks , switch off autosync manually once ( you will not have to repeat this ) . next time you connect to one of the two networks , tasker turns autosync on -- and resets it to the previous state ( off ) as soon as you are disconnected . if tasker is too heavy for you , i am pretty sure there are other automating tools which can accomplish this simple task ( llama - location profiles for example ) . but now that you have got the idea , you will find the related app fitting you .
the reason why you still see those ads when you have blocked internet is because they are cached . if you erase the app data , then you will not see those ads , but all login information ( if used ) will also be deleted . there is not any specific process on the android system that is responsible for fetching ads . the application itself fetches the ad . so unless you find a way to kill a thread on the app that fetches those ads , you will not be able to do anything . your best course of action is to : buy the paid version of the app . ( supports developers :- ) ) install some adblocker app . ( might require root . ) bear with the ads .
such ads are not fetched from the internet , they are built into the app . usually the ads would feature some other app from the same developer .
the fact that you are rooted is great , because that means that you can isolate the problem by trying to switch to another rom . if the problem disappears , then it was software related and it is then solved : ) i suggest you look at galaxy mini android development on xda-developers and find a rom that you think looks nice . ( i am noting one of them now has the word " wifi fix " in it ) . do not forget to install a custom kernel after the rom if the instructions tell you to do so , you do not want to run a flashy new rom with an old kernel . the reason new rom + kernel is something that is important to try is that these components regulate the functions you mentioned ( wifi , bluetooth etc ) , so by replacing them completely we know if there might be a hardware malfunction or if there was some kind of software bug to begin with .
did you try hot booting ? if your android device starts acting funny , what do you do ? that’s right , you reboot the device and everything goes back to normal . but , what if there was a faster way to solve your issues ? many times , the culprit of any and all failures is the shell itself . this can be easily terminated via any of the available task managers out there , but here is a better solution . xda member appelflap has developed an app that will only reboot the android shell . this has several advantages , like the fact that you will not have to go through menus and/or lists of apps to find the shell to stop it . also , it is faster than performing a soft reset . and best of all , it is a one touch kill . source : http://www.xda-developers.com/windows-mobile/reboot-the-shell-only-with-hot-reboot-for-android/ unfortunately i could not find the app the developer made . the linked application thread only contains the text " on market now " with no name or anything to follow up . so you might want to try searching on play store for hot reboot . in my htc desire running ics there is option to hot reboot which boots my phone from boot animation . i am not sure but i do feel its a tleast twice faster than normal reboot . there are some claim that hot reboot is twice faster as well . for eg : http://www.intomobile.com/2010/09/29/hot-reboot-android-video/
have you tried this app or similar ones like this - fast reboot - google play . you could also try disabling some apps from auto starting via apps like these - startup manager - google play another thing to do could be to install a custom rom , which may have lesser bloatware but may come at expense of stability . in custom roms you may also have option to disable boot-animations , although the difference would not be much .
you simply looked in the wrong place in the settings . factory reset is located in the privacy options . as for the " hardware way " described in the other answer : the key combinations are device-specific . as you did not mention the name of your device , guessing the correct combination is like playing in a lottery ; )
try these steps : turn your device off press both volume button and power button . you should be accessing the boot loader by now . look for the option " clear storage / factory settings " using the volume button . once found press the power button to confirm .
the easiest way would be using a " profile switcher " . as your demand is time-based , a good and easy choice would be timeriffic ( available for free and high rated ) . here you could simply say : 24h/day disable these things . an alternative would be profilescheduler , which also allows switching profiles by click ( so you do not need to setup a schedule , just the profile ) . ah , btw : needless to say that this does not require a rooted device ; ) edit : if your intention is to keep other people from tempering with certain apps , you might want to take a look at so-called " app lockers " -- with which you can password-protect some/all your apps ( including e.g. the play store app to keep them from installing something else ) . here possible candidates include : app lock ( free , high rated ) app protector ( free , good rating ) ultimate app guard ( free , high rated ) and many more . and btw2: using an app locker , you can also protect the settings menu ( to avoid easy changes to e.g. bluetooth status ) . edit2: if the devices are rooted , you could even bring a " local firewall " into play : use droidwall to define which apps may access the internet ( via mobile and/or wlan separately ) , plus an app locker to password-protect droidwall . this way the apps themselves would be accessible ( unless you lock them completely as well ) , but their access to the net would be handled separately ( by droidwall ) .
for the following procedure you will need adb installed on your computer ( if you are not already have that , see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . alternatively , a terminal emulator app should do as well . android apps are managed by the " package manager " , which as a command-line interface called pm . so here 's what you can do with it for your case : of course you have to replace com.package.name with the package name of the app you want to deal with . easiest way to find that is visiting its page on google play , and take a look at the url : the package name follows the id= parameter there . it is the -k parameter telling the package manager to keep the app 's data . now , when you re-install the app , its data is already there ( was not removed ) . all this does not require root ( at least as long as we talk about a user-installed app ) .
android has not got function which you described . if you have root access on your phone , you can make a copy of folder /data/data/com.xxx.xxx , reinstall app , and overwrite generated folder by your copy .
no app can " optimize " or " maintain " the battery in any way as it can not get the necessary access to the hardware -- probably not even if it required root . this app explicitly advertises that it does not . anyway , the manufacturer 's engineers surely have already implemented all the necessary optimizations . there is no way that the app 's developers knows anything useful about every phone 's charging circuitry and battery that the engineers do not . in short , there is no way this app does anything useful at all . ( it might even be malware , but i do not get that impression in this case ) . ( note : the following is probably not true ) the only thing an app can do ( on a rooted phone ) is to recalibrate the battery . if the battery is miscalibrated the os might think that it is as good as empty and force a shutdown although there is still a useful amount of charge left . one app that does this is the aptly named battery calibration .
mythbusted i installed this app yesterday with some uncertainty and it detected ( and fixed ) a number of problems . i then found this thread which made my suspicions even more so . today i ran the app and it detected zero problems , not surprising since the battery presumably got no new problems overnight . out of curiosity i set the date to a month in advance and ran the test again , and suddenly there are eight ' cells ' with low charge and two inactive ! so obviously all this app does is check when it was last run and the longer ago it was the more ' faulty ' cells it throws up in a random pattern to make it look like it is found ' faults ' which it can then fix . do not waste your time , i assume the only thing this does is provide ad revenue to the developer .
have not tried it as the cloud player 's not available in my country yet , but does the trick that makes the normal music player ignore folders work ? try creating a file called .nomedia in the folder that your podcasts are saved into , and see if that makes the amazon player ignore them .
as manishearth wrote , this might indicate trouble with the card ( and very likely does ) . the boot you describe might have been " too abrupt " , not cleanly unmounting the card and thus corrupting its file system ; in which case the " good ol ' chkdsk" should help ( btw , android ships with fsck for the very same task , which you could execute via a terminal app or adb shell – see check and fix sd card errors within android itself ? ) . on the other hand , it could also mean hardware trouble with the card , which even could be the reason for those reboots , reversing cause and effect : not being able to read/write , or encountering too many " corrupt blocks " , might have triggered some event ( like re-mounting the card read/only ) . i am not sure whether such would trigger a reboot ( as stuff counted essential by the system usually does not reside on the sdcard ) , but it would not be impossible . thus trying a new card will not hurt . ps – a little background on app2sd : as shipped with android 2.2+ , this only moves parts of the app to your card , while other parts remain on internal storage . especially the app 's data remain here ( in /data ) , which is why after a re-installation of your apps they were already ( or rather " still" ) available . for more details , you might wish to take a look at our app2sd tag-wiki .
the discussion you have been reading is about compiling a modified kernel and a custom rom for the galaxy s4 , using a replacement wireless driver that is been changed to add support for ad-hoc wi-fi networks . the path /driver/net/wireless is a path in the kernel source tree , which contains the source code for the driver that needs to be changed before compiling the new kernel . it does not refer to any path on the device itself , or anything else you can change on the device .
this is a general android question that applies to all devices . messages ( sms ) are queued if there is no signal . see screenshot ( device is in airplane mode ) .
multiple things with your issue : i would never trust a tech who recommends a task-killer for this problem . disqualified 100% . same for the one claiming all android phones last for only one day . that is bogus . it always depends on usage . i have one lasting 7 days ( well , no sim card inserted , not wifi activated -- it is rather used as a stand-by computing device for some apps -- but it is a phone , and it runs longer than 10h ; ) , and my " standard phone " ends up at ~75-80% after 14h usage . tech #2 and #4 sound more reasonable : any app ( especially if " consuming push services" ) can be the cause for such a problem ( see below ) , and monitoring battery usage is a generally good idea ( that tech i would trust most from the ones you mentioned ) different kind of usage causes different battery drain . sometimes processes go havoc and drain the battery quite fast . i had that " big surprise " multiple times already , last time yesterday : went down from ~80% to 5% and " emergency shutdown " within ~2h while in my pocket -- i only noticed that by the " beep " on shutdown . but this should not be a regular ( daily ) issue ; i experienced this maybe 4-5 times in a year with my current device . recommendation : take a look at the battery statistics ( usually found in settings &rarr ; about phone ) to determine which app ( s ) are causing the most battery drain . maybe you have got some " bad egg " on your device , if this happens regularly . second recommendation : take a look at how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- maybe that is what affects you . again , this could be a mal-functioning app . battery only lasting for ~10h is nothing rare with heavy usage . remember these are no longer " dumb-phones " , but rather " pocket-computers which also can make phone calls " . useful resources also include : how can i tell what is really draining my battery ? how to debug a battery issue ? how can i find out what causes “android os” to consume battery ? follow the tag battery-life
how far can we trust on the battery capacity that these manufacturers mention in their devices and in their product specification ? this is one important question which we can not overlook during such debates . also , the battery capacity is at its best during its first charge cycle and it actually drops with every successive cycle , though the rate of drop varies from type of battery to number of cycles and many other factors included . so , the only true way to measure the current battery performance is to monitor how many amps being drawn during a particular operation/duration . unless you are doing for a research purpose this kind of investigation does not pay off in any way . btw , if your 4000 mah battery drains in 4 hours from full charge , the current handled is around 1 amps and i think that is too much for these kind of electronics . in your case , i would lay all my suspicion on the over optimistic battery rating of your manufacturer .
you can try to install a webdav server to the android device , then mount the webdav server as a drive on windows 7 . here is a free webdav server from google play ( of course , there are many other webdav servers in google play ) . and the steps to mount the webdav server as a drive on windows 7 .
there are several ways to do it . unfortunately it is not as easy as it should be . follow the instructions here : http://www.7tutorials.com/how-map-drives-windows-7 if you already have the share in file explorer , for instance after inserting an usb device , right click on the share and select map drive and select a drive letter .
in order to assign a drive letter to a removable device , that device must support ums ( usb mass storage ) protocol . unfortunately most newer android phones , especially those without a removable sd card , do not support ums . instead , they support mtp ( media transfer protocol ) and ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) protocols . in such devices it is not possible to map storage as a drive in windows . see more details on this superuser . com question . with that said , on some selected samsung and sony android devices it is possible to enable the ums mode for external storage only ( sd card ) . see this app . also , if your goal to simply copy files to and from an android device via command prompt , adb will allow you to do so . this utility is part of android sdk tools . you will need usb drivers for your android phone to be installed , usb debugging activated in developer settings on the phone , and authorize the pc to debug the phone ( via a prompt on the device . ) after that is done , you will be able to use adb push and adb pull commands to copy files and directories , and various linux shell commands via adb shell &lt;command&gt; ( e . g . adb shell ls /sdcard/ ) to navigate the directory structure on the phone .
how many other aps ( access points ) and devices are their in the vicinity ? if your first ap ( on channel x ) is causing overloading ( or interference ) on that channel , other aps are going to change signal strength and/or change to other channels . basically , you are dropping a large pebble into a small pond . there is always going to be other effects . if this happened under controlled conditions ( i.e. . out in the country ) , with no other signal sources or traffic , then you would have a legitimate puzzle . .
i had the same problem and found a workaround by going to settings-> sound-> quiet mode and repeating toggle " turn quiet mode now " until i see the notification on the notification bar . after that the scheduled quiet mode will work , but you had to do this after every restart of the phone .
yes , im using 32gb card . i have kept 4096mb as ext4 partition and rest i have formatted as fat32 . link2sd works fine . you can go max 4gb . download mini partition tool format your class10 sdcard 1st partition being fat32 , and second keep ( 4gb ) it ext2 ( ext4 might not work ) shutdown your phone , put back your card . star the phone . and then start linking your files with link2sd . i have bought plus version , it is very useful . since my phone has only 16gb internal memory .
running into the same problem . . . . adding more info : i just had my droid 4 upgraded to 4.1.2 . when trying to configured imaps , i am getting the same error . i run the imap server i am connecting to , so i can do some additional troubleshooting . i am running dovecot as an imap server . here are the log messages : i also ran a packet capture . the phone goes through the tcp 3-way handshake ( syn , syn-ack , ack ) , and then does nothing . no packets after the last ack . that probably explains the inactivity message in the dovecot log . in the configuration , i told the client to use tls ( accept all certificates ) , use port 993 . i have tried multiple ' authentication methods ' ( auto , plain , etc ) . nothing worked . these settings ( imaps , 993 , auto ) worked fine on 4.0.4
the kies backup/restore function should work , as you are not rooting , upgrading or changing roms . however , it can be a little flakey , so be prepared for this to not work and to lose your system and app settings . see 1 . a reset certainly will not harm it . however , lags are likely to be due to one of your apps misbehaving , so a backup/restore will likely put you right back in the same boat you are in now .
there were too much data on my galaxy note , i just want to clean it up , but accidentally deleted the whole contacts and photos . how can i get them back ? is there any solution to recover deleted content from samsung galaxy note ? here is my recommendation : dr . fone for android , you can use it to scan and recover deleted contacts and photos directly from samsung android devices , as well as sms and video . watch video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaxifroe54m
two things to check given gmail is already set to sync . first , double check you have notifications ticked inside the gmail app , this can be found by opening the left menu and opening the settings located at the bottom . secondly , in settings open data usage , then open the three dot menu and ensure that " auto-sync data " is on and " restrict background data " is off . note : these directions are based on stock 4.4 , if they do not correspond just let me know what phone and software version you have .
there are a number of possible reasons for an inaccurate location , mostly relating to the lack of a good gps fix . if the phone cannot get an accurate gps fix , it will use more approximate methods of deriving its location - such as cell tower locations and wifi hotspot locations . possible reasons for no good gps fix , in vague descending order of likliness : you are indoors , or the sky is otherwise obstructed ( trees can have quite an impact ) gps is turned off or disabled on your phone , or you are using google maps on a device that does not have a gps receiver . you have not used the gps for a day or more , or you have moved a long way since you last used it , and it is taking a while to get a fix - this can take a minute or more in some circumstances , especially if you do not have a data signal . the gps is not working properly . some phones have gps trouble occasionally and require a restart . there is interference with the gps - e.g. naval forces sometimes conduct exercises with gps jamming , and i have had . . . variable results trying to use it near a large naval base before . normally if google maps can only give an approximate fix it will show a circle around your position , showing uncertainty . it might help with diagnosis to know whether you are seeing this circle , as that will indicate whether maps knows that it has an approximate location or whether it thinks that it has an accurate one and is wrong .
according to lifehacker , you can use a headphone splitter in reverse to achieve your goal .
download the android app from here - google play store - openhtml
a few people allude to the issue of having spaces in the file name . i will clarify . android is based on linux , and therefore uses a posix file system . this means that file names with spaces cause issues . do not use spaces if you are creating a file or directory ; leave them out or use periods ( . ) , dashes ( - ) , or underscores ( _ ) . to load an existing file with space in it , you must quote the file . using the example from the question replace : content://com.android.htmlfileprovider/mnt/sdcard/Documents/To%20Read.html?text/html  with this : content://com.android.htmlfileprovider/mnt/sdcard/Documents/"To Read.html"?text/html  if you are otherwise simply opening a file , you may quote the whole string . like this : "/mnt/sdcard/Documents/To Read.html"  in addition to spaces which can cause problems , posix systems permit characters in file names that are not permitted in windows . to avoid issues when copying files between systems , even though some are still permitted on windows as well , do not include the following characters in file names : / \ ? * : % " &lt; &gt; | + # ' to avoid further problems use a consistent style of capitalization in file names . note that posix systems are case sensitive , which means file names are case sensitive . this means that file . txt , file . txt , file . txt , file . txt , george . txt , etc . are all different files on a posix system , while they are considered the same file on windows .
you should be able to point the browser at the file you want with a url of the format file:///path/to/file.html . for example , i just did this on my evo with a file i saved to the root of my sd card as post.html by launching the browser and entering the url file:///sdcard/post.html . alternatively , my file manager lets me open an html file with " html viewer " . this is not as feature-rich , though , and did not seem to render images for me ( whereas the browser way loaded everything properly ) . my file manager does not give me the option to open the file with the browser , or either of the other browsers i have ( firefox and opera mobile ) .
if your file is at /mnt/sdcard/test/file.html you can access it through the browser from using : content://com.android.htmlfileprovider/sdcard/test/file.html note : your file location should not contain any spaces i.e. /mnt/sdcard/test location/file.html does not work , even if the url replaces it with %20 . additionally , bookmarking the url helps !
because default html viewer is used then no space between the filename e . g " about us . html " is incorrect . rename as " aboutus . html " it will now open
just rename the file by appendinh " . html " to it . for example , if the file name is " abcd " , rename it to abcd . hmtl . this works for me in android 2.3 .
on my droid 4 ( ics ) from verizon i get the browser 's address box and type : /mnt/sdcard-ext/my_page/index.html  then set it as a bookmark . i use chrome , not sure if i can set it as a home page like on my pc . this is on my sd card in a folder with lotsa pix . to hide the pix from cluttering up your gallery , give the directory a period in front of it like /.my_page/ . use root explorer or a terminal emulator to check the location . i think mnt/sdcard/ may point to device internal storage .
just type file://localhost/ it works in opera mobile .
you are completely right with your assumption : whenever an app is installed , it is first copied to /data/local . you can check that directory if either you have got a file manager permitting you to go there , or have the android sdk installed . no root needed , as this directory is readable and writable for the shell user . but to your last question : no , i am not aware of any mechanism to control that delay ( never saw a corresponding setting ) . if it can be configured ( and is not hardcoded in some place ) , this will most likely involve root privileges .
i had this problem recently with my milestone 2 . unfortunately i had to send it to service . now it works , but whole touch panel was replaced with a new one . just to clarify my problems : right column of touch panel ( above search button , btw it did not work as well ) did not work for more than one month . in more extreme weather conditions ( temperature below 0 celcius ) touch screen was pressed at random positions just like you have described .
this seems similar to an issue i had this summer : i ended up having to get a new phone . semi-dead zone on touch screen on droid 1 basically there was a horizontal bar worth of space on the screen that seemed to have random touches firing , and also in the same zone , it often was not registering my real touches . it was definitely a game of chance , and it was progressively getting worse . it got so bad i could not accept phone calls . there was a comment on mine that suggested it was an electrical connection problem that could cause inconsistent contact -- which explains the spazzing out on my phone . this could very well be your problem , too . i do not think it is a software issue . if you flashed a new image on there or restored a backup of before you started having issues and you are still having issues , that almost rules out software issue . though it is interesting that now you are having the opposite happen . but that is also similar to my problem , the fact that sometimes it would go crazy with click misfires , and other times it would be completely dead . if it is indeed the same problem i had , unfortunately it is not really a user-servicable solution . . you are gonna have to either get a new phone or a warranty/insurance claim . good luck to you ! maybe all the issues people are having with their touch screens will convince the manufacturers to start using quality wiring . ( not really , but one can wish , right ? )
this really does not sound like a software problem i am afraid . almost certainly hardware . your only choice really is to send it to the service center , as mentioned . sorry i could not be of more help . p . s before sending it to the service center , put the stock rom back onto it !
there is a lengthy discussion about this on : http://androidforums.com/droid-support-troubleshooting/87515-my-droids-touch-screen-going-crazy.html the main point seems to relate to either oil and dirt covering the screen and/or heating up issues from dirt within internal components . there are some suggested solutions such as carefully cleaning the screen and the speaker opening . it also seems to be strongly affected by moisture .
it is a security concern . the android documentation does not provide a lot of elaboration , stating simply : the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . however , the privacy concern is relatively straightforward to extrapolate . once the bootloader is unlocked , the device can be flashed with unsigned images . this means that it is relatively trivial to root the device , and there are actually multiple ways it can be done , such as : flashing a system image with root tools built in flashing a boot image that runs adbd with root by default ( an " unsecure " image ) flashing a recovery image , then using that to overwrite the system or boot partitions with ones that allow root access once root is obtained , all of the information on /data essentially becomes accessible . this could be emails , contact information , or many other pieces of personal information that you likely do not want in the wrong hands . therefore , it makes sense to wipe all of this data during the unlocking procedure to ensure that there is no off-the-shelf " official " way of bypassing the sandboxing restrictions implemented by the android operating system , which would thereby allow someone to steal personal data . of course , there may be ways to root without wiping on some devices , but they rely on exploits rather than official methods like a bootloader unlock , meaning they are basically bugs .
its a good question as to the motive in why they insist on this when getting manufacturers to make the handsets for carriers . the reason , i think , why carriers enforce " locked bootloaders " , is really simplistic , in the event of handsets being stolen , and a tech-savvy thief can unlock it , it wipes the personal data in place thus ensuring that contacts etc are removed . and , in a what i would perceive , a twisted roundabout-way , the victim will not get billed for unsolicited texts/calls etc to their own contacts ( i.e. . billing for calls etc ) made whilst the handset is stolen , that is , if it is still in original state , i.e. locked , that is , provided the relevant authorities have been informed . so the desire for the thief to infiltrate and get at the handset to work with another carrier would force the thief to unlock the boot-loader . . i would be inclined to believe its for that reason , carriers are in fact , protecting themselves and covering their position in maintaining the contractual clauses with the customers . . . ( this is only hearsay based on what i have read about carriers ) and yet carriers , still maintain their stance in selling handsets with locked boot-loaders despite uproar from the community , i.e. lack of openness , difficulties in modding etc and do try scare off using this tactic " unlocking boot-loader voids the warranty " . some carriers would even get the manufacturers to make the handsets impossible to unlock - for example , orange 's san diego , which was released earlier on in 2012 , circa february , intel-based chip-set running android - it took 8 months to get it rooted , and by then , the community declined . . the detrimental side effect was that the price of that handset dramatically dropped a lot and lost its value due to zero openness and the developer community lost interest in modding for it ! all a boot-loader is - its a piece of code , and if received instructions via fastboot -i 0x0fce oem unlock [SOME_HEX_KEY] or similar , to unlock , the boot-loader code is instructed to wipe the /data partition - nothing more . it does not physically damage the screen , functionality , ram , charging etc . . fud ( fear , uncertainty and doubt ) with what i have written , hopefully makes sense .
you are probably not going to like my answer , but i do not think there is anything you can do about it . i have tried to turn this off myself in the past , but the android os is such that you will receive a force close vibration no matter what . now , regarding your application actually force closing , here are my two best guesses ( since i can not see any of your code ) : you are trying to use a feature that requires documentation in the manifest file . you are overburdening the ui stack by not threading processes that take a long time to accomplish ( i.e. . contacting a server and receiving data , handling remote data , etc . ) , which can be solved with asynctasks . also , if you are getting frequent force close errors , please use ddms . it is an absolute god send for this kind of stuff . i know a lot of people who just try to " figure out " where they went wrong . debugging is a skill in its own right . sorry i could not directly answer your question . i instead tried to pinpoint where else you may be going wrong with your applications , which , to me , would seem to be a bigger issue . edit : to show you how i arrived at this conclusion : i firstly tried to look through all settings ( including my galaxy s manual ) , and obviously no cigar . i noticed that there are two classes that a developer must look into to at least see if this vibration can be turned off programatically ( for your specific program ) . these classes are the notification and vibrator classes . upon inspection , you can see that there is nothing within these classes that will allow you to do that . it is a system property . realizing that you must put in a " vibration " intent into the manifest in order to even manipulate the vibration should further prove this point :  &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.VIBRATE"/&gt;  i was not really prepared to mess around with the actual android low-level code so i brought the issue up with my friend ( who has been messing around with the actual android kernel and os itself for a while ) in order to validate my suspicion . he said that this property was built in . in other words , you would have to override the property within the os itself in order to change the force close vibration . for me , that was the end of me trying to turn off this property .
it might be a digitizer problem , you should take it to a warranty . usually problems like that can be cause of a digitizer issue .
there is an app for that . photosync ( sync to picasa ) automatically syncs local folder to picasaweb , so you can select your camera folder . it is free and not so huge as g+ app . you can set your local folder and picasa folder and sync them on eg . hourly basis .
i would bite the bullet and install the google+ app . in addition to instant upload , the google+ app will give you unlimited storage of the photos that are uploaded via instant upload : all photos uploaded in google+ will be automatically resized to 2048 pixels ( on their longest edge ) and will not count towards your free storage quota . source : http://support.google.com/picasa/bin/http://picasa.google.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=1224181 i do not think you have to use google+ other than register online and install the app for this to happen , so there is really not much effort on your part needed to get the benefits of instant upload . you can also manually " share " photos from the gallery app to picasa , but that is more tedious .
simple2ext ( as described here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/20328-solution-to-unable-to-download-big-apps-from-the-market/ ) did the job for me . i am also running cm 7.0.3 and had problems with downloading big apps from market . sometimes it helped clearing the dalvik cache but not always .
i had something similar happen to me months ago , and the only solution i found was to make sure my apps and accounts were synced with google and doing a factory reset . the thing was i was stock at the time , and i do not know how a factory reset will affect cyanogenmod . i would jump on their forums and see if anyone else is having a similar issue , and if not you should submit a bug report to them so they can see if it is a bug in their release candidate . edit : since this is a pretty old question and cyanogenmod has been updated i think it would be worth it for you to upgrade to 7.0.3 . i have not had any issues at all with the market now that i have moved to a stable version of cm7 so hopefully your issue has been resolved in the newest stable release .
try this call confirm app . this application is going to ask you whether to call or hangup the contact what you touched on call history .
from a packet capture , the codecs are : gsm-efr 8khz amr 8khz gsm 8khz g . 711/pcmu 8khz g . 711/pcma 8khz here 's the tidbit from the rtp packet capture : i could not find a way to configure the codecs either .
try this from the cm forums : if you use adw or launcherpro and if after using any memory intensive application you hed back to your homescreen . . . you know the drill . . . . . lag , lag , redraw , redraw , then finally you are able to function again . make a nandroid backup in your terminal application on your phone ( if you have to ask what this is , google it , download it from the market ) enter . . . su (enter) echo ro.HOME_APP_ADJ=1 &gt;&gt; /data/local.prop (enter) reboot (enter)  if you want to undo what this command does , simply remove that toggle from : /data/local . prop , or if you did not have this file ( like i did not ) prior to the mod . . . remove it entirely this is also from bryan denny 's answer to this question . you will probably still have a problem with foreground apps closing when you keep your launcher in memory but i think that is just an issue with trying to use too many memory intensive apps with a phone with 256 mb of ram . you can also try to take the memory priority management into your own hands with autokiller memory optimizer . it allows you to set your own custom minfree priorities for android to follow .
i have noticed the same thing happening occasionally - i find that if i turn the wifi ( on the phone ) off and on again it will usually pick the wireless network up straight away - that is not quite as drastic as having to enable/disable airplane mode .
i am using htc desire with froyo and have a netcomm nb6plus4wn , but have not exprienced any problems with connecting to wifi . is your home wifi one of the saved wifi networks on your phone ? ( it should do this automatically if you have connected once before ) . i find that the phone takes much longer when searching for new networks , but is fairly quick if it is connecting to an existing/saved one . also , i have had some problems with 3g internet and this was solved by turning the phone off and on - maybe give that a go ?
in the absence of a definitive answer i did a lot of experimentation . firstly , if you have http intensive apps this version android ( 2.2 ) , will not change connectivity until the operation is complete . switch to airplane mode . you can still connect to your router but app traffic is suspended . you shield get a connection at this point . deactivated airplane mode and you should be running on your router . if anyone can nominate tools that can help track http app activity on android , please post .
full text to speech is only hidden and can be re-enabled in older htc versions of android through a keyboard hack . alternatively you can install goggle voice search just to enable search via voice . text to search is fully supported by htc in the froyo software update and can be accessed via the keyboard or holding down the search key .
have a look at vlingo : http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.vlingo.client it learns over time and many people find it more accurate than google 's voice recognition .
i have an htc desire and speech to text works fine . are you holding down the microphone keyboard button to the left of the space bar ?
this is normal behavior , my brother has a moto e ( same amount of ram ) , and it ends up unloading lots of recent apps , if this was a priority you maybe should have gone with a different phone ( the moto g has a good processor , so can run plants vs zombies , but it can not multitask as well .
i also see this behaviour with my desire c model . when i reported it as a bug to htc they responded that it is intentional behaviour as the desire c lacks a charging led . personally i think you should still be able to have the screen turn off and it does not make sense to have an option in the settings menu that does not do anything . if enough people request the change htc may put in the ability to turn off the screen while charging in a future software update .
gps does not understand static direction at all ; it can only infer direction from motion . but there is an electronic compass inside the phone as well as the gps . you might want to download the " gps status + tools " program from the market ; you can see detailed status information for both the gps and the compass .
the default , built-in android browser does not do a lot of advertising of itself at all ( as it does not really need to ) . most 3rd party browsers put their name and/or logo in as many places in the ui and menus as possible . if you can not see any browser names or logos in the interface then you are probably using the default built-in browser . to see if a specific web browser on your phone is being used as the default for any actions , then go into settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all , and find it in the list ( the built-in browser will be called either " browser " or " internet " in the list , depending on your version of android ) . when you the browser 's icon in that list the application info screen should appear , and if that browser is currently set to be the default , then you should see a section labelled " launch by default " where it will say " you have selected to launch this application by default for some actions " . if the browser is not set as default that section will say " no defaults set " . if you want to change the default browser , just click the clear defaults button on the one that is currently acting as the default , and next time you click a web link you should get a box pop-up asking you which browser to use , and giving you the option to set that as the default . it is hard to tell from your question , but it is worded in a way that could also just be asking for more specifics of what the default , built-in browser is , in which case this previous question should help you out : android browser
go to settings - applications - manage applications - all - select the icon you use and this will give you all the information about the program
no , there is no way to do this unless you have some special-purpose hardware . as someone already commented , normal android devices do not have a radio transmitter that can be made to transmit on any frequency .
just from the market description , astro player looks like it might .
the problem is that whereas the bluetooth connection functions as a bridge network device , wifi tethering creates a nat which may prevent some functionality . see if enabling transparent tunneling or ipsec over udp on the client help . since tethering does not support port forwarding , you can not use pat on the device .
if i may , i suggest kk keyboard . i am not advertising , but i use it myself , because my keyboard did this too .
see this image released by htc . it describes the update process in a very detailed form : edit : fixed link
in addition to the incredibly long htc infographic in mpeti 's answer , other manufacturers have come out and said why their updates lag behind official google releases , and why they do not release updates for older models : sony mobile : ice cream sandwich – from source code release to software upgrade , selected excerpts and headers below : however , before we can roll out those software upgrades , there are a lot of activities to first of all get ice cream sandwich to work and become stable on all sony ericsson phones . we call this the bring up phase . secondly , and perhaps most important , we must certify and approve the new software release with all the different technologies , networks , and hardware that a modern smartphone should work with . we call this the certification and approval phase . the bring up phase : getting ice cream sandwich to work on our phones integrating android patches getting the software stable and adding localisation the certification and approval phase : making sure the software and hardware is compliant additional approvals might be needed many operators also want to customise the software according to their requirements when all of this is done , we are ready to roll out the software release variants as software upgrades to operators and consumers around the world . motorola used to have a good blog entry on this , but seem to have deleted all their older blog content in the last few months . however the wayback machine has an archived copy of it : archive . org : motorola update on ice cream sandwich , selected text and headings below : once source code is released from google , it doesn’t automatically update to your device . each new version of android launches with one device partner , in what is called the “google experience device” or ged , the showcase device for a new android release . the ged partner for each launch works with google during the development of the os so that the device and new android version are ready for a coordinated simultaneous launch . once that ged device ships , the rest of the android community gains access to the android source code as its made public shortly after – a critical milestone for device manufacturers and component suppliers , enabling us to start work on integrating the new release into our existing products . merge and adapt the new release for different device hardware architecture ( s ) and carrier customizations stabilize and ‘bake’ the result to drive out bugs submit the upgrade to the carriers for certification perform a customer pre-release release the upgrade we are planning on upgrading as many of our phones as possible . the ability to offer the upgrade depends on a number of factors including the hardware/device capabilities , the underlying chipset software support , the ics support and then the ability to support the motorola value add software . also , pc mag why it will take so long to upgrade phones to ' ice cream sandwich '
android phones have at least 2 fingers in the pot that iphones do not : the hardware maker and the network carrier . the hardware makers often consider their drivers trade secrets , and therefore must learn the new versions code and then adapt their drivers . manufacturers also often provide custom " skins " that must be updated for the new version , and sometimes wholly redesigned . any changes must then be approved by the carriers . they often addon their own features , which must be updated/redesigned and tested . then they must run networks tests for each phone to ensure it will not crash the network . while these tests must go on for iphones also , they are probably done before the new version is released , as apple can produce all the phones running the new version at once for testing , before the code is released to even developers .
when google releases a new version of android , the build is then processed by the manufacturer . this takes several months for them to assure the update can take advantage of the phone 's features , and so they can install any additional features they want . the process is then repeated for the carrier , which again takes several months .
this is a 2-part question . part 1 asks why android phones do not get the newest update right away , and has been answered adequately by the other answers . part 2 asks why older phones often never get the newest update , and has not been answered yet . as lebeau says , there are other corporate stakeholders besides google . google only creates the new versions , and , besides the phones it directly creates , like the nexus line , it does not get much say over whether and when the others put them into the phones . also like lebeau says , all these other stakeholders have to learn the new version before they can implement it . this is why the phones get new versions later , and why certain phones , like the nexuses , get the versions before anyone else , because google has already learned the new version . as for part 2 , the hardware makers want us to keep buying new phones every couple months , right ? otherwise , how will they keep all that dough rolling in if we keep using our old phones ? they had be in the same position the computer companies are in : with storage and ram enough for any purpose , why buy any new hardware ? the answer is to stop updating old phones , so if we want the newest features , we have to get a new one . google probably does not do this as much , as it is already selling you android , so why does it need to sell you phones , but it probably does it a little bit . the network carriers , for their part , probably help with their draconian rules like preventing rooting ( or else you void your warranty ) . this is why , as you say , " a July 2010 android is basically a paperweight" . as for your comment about improvements being " mainly userland " , i do not know how all that works , but i am sure it is not that simple . the upgrades may be in software , but not all software talks to the user . plus , the hardware makers put " skins " on our phones , so we do not see the inner workings , and it is likely that when they finally upgrade to the newest version , they put some new stuff in themselves , so that an htc one phone at android 4.2 is different from a samsung galaxy siv phone at android 4.2 . probably either htc or samsung throws some new features out to put in 4.3 , and you do not even notice they did it . then , when let 's say the htc one does not upgrade to 4.3 , but the htc two does ( i am making this up ) , you are forced to get htc two to get ( some of ) the new features of 4.3 , as well as some features of 4.2 you did not get with htc one . i am not certain this happens , but it is normal business procedure , so i would not be surprised .
i think there are a number of reasons why updates are so slow for android devices : the time it takes a manufacturer to apply their customisations to the new version and ensure everything works ok can be quite long . this has improved over the last year or so as google give them an android pdk , or the platform development kit which should allow them to work on their customisations several months in advance of the public even hearing about the next version of android . the time it takes for networks to test the update and apply their customisations . there is little incentive for manufacturers to apply the update ( especially on 1+ year old devices ) as they are trying to sell their newest devices to customers . most customers do not know or care what version of android is on their device so why would the manufacturer spend time and money updating the device to the latest version . you can also look at this article which goes into a bit more detail , including why apple is able to release updates ' so much quicker ' ( essentially because they control both the hardware and software ) .
well , i guess you launcher is experiencing problems with the your android device . i would say if the problem persist first try clearing the cache and the data store by the launcher app , you can do that by heading over to the settings> application manager> tap over the launcher and clear the cache and the data stored . now try opening the launcher again and see if it shows you the same error again . if it pops up again then i would say better to uninstall the application . rest i will leave it upto you !
this app should help . since you have rooted your device , it should work fine .
it is possible to root these devices without tripping the knox flag s4: [ root ] saferoot : root for vruemj7 , mk2 , and android 4.3 note3: root de la vega [ knox 0x0 root - lots of versions - no exynos ] note2: [ root ] galaxy note 2 on android 4.3 without tripping knox
i think you need to unlock it to the part where the new hope building is already accessible .
android 's built in decoders are rather picky about the files they will play - limited encoded resolution ( possibly less than that of the device 's display ) , limited bitrate , limited formats . if these are new files , try encoding them to be less demanding . if these are files that used to work , see if something on the phone is perhaps slowing it down - on on rare occasion i had a file that generally plays start failing part way through . a reboot might be worth trying .
if you have the issue with files , that you were previously able to play , try to reboot your phone . if playback works afterwards , you seem to have the same issue as described in this problem : samsung galaxy s : unsupported file type ( mp3 ) i do not know of a fix for this yet , the only workaround seems to be a reboot .
unfortunately , if you were running sdk 1.6 or later you could just update without installing a new sdk . but for 1.5 you need to install a new sdk . per this link from google http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html ( see quoted text below ) . . . how ever , you can backup your projects and move them into the new sdk environment . so it looks like all may not be lost . just read that link above pretty thoroughly . updating ? if you are currently using the android 1.6 sdk or later and want to update to the latest tools or platforms , you do not need to install a new sdk . instead , you can simply update the individual components in your sdk using the android sdk and avd manager tool . for information about how to do that , see updating sdk components if you are using android 1.5 sdk or earlier , you should install a new sdk as described in this document and move your application projects to the new sdk environment .
" press 1 to accept the call " sounds like google voice 's call screening . check your gv call settings to ensure that call screening is not on at all . ( you can individually turn it off for certain people or groups , but the main setting would need to be " on " . ) more on call screening at google voice support .
samsung galaxy s2 sgh-s959g android version 2.3 in boot loop update : downloaded odin 3 v . 1.85 , flashed with stock-sgh-s959g . tar . md5 ==> no change still have the same problem ( also checked sammobile for firmware = nothing available )
in recovery mode , use this : adb shell mount /sdcard adb push {filename} /sdcard/{filename}  update #1: an alternative suggested by ce4: pull out the sd card , copy all needed files externally , and put it back in update #2: it seems the user did not install cwm correctly . after fixing this , adb push now works as expected .
that is hard-coded into the framework am afraid . look in frameworks/base/core/java/android/os/Power.java public static final int LOW_BATTERY_THRESHOLD = 10;  the alternative is to roll-your-own rom to do this , there is a broadcast intent for battery low warnings ( action_battery_low ) but that is only for system signed apps afaik and cannot be intercepted . the alternative is to listen for the action_battery_changed broadcast and perhaps using tasker , just to mute the battery warning sound . . .
this is strange behavior , and one i have not actually seen before . do you by any chance have an app installed that could be turning the wi-fi on ? also , how long do you wait between sliding the slider and turning the screen off - it may not have had time to update . i have only ever since this issue once , and i believe that it was a software issue . if you cannot fix it , i would recommend ' forgetting ' your works wi-fi network , so that android does not automatically connect to it . you can do this by long pressing on the wi-fi network in the wi-fi settings menu .
the comment on the question : my guess is that your carrier has installed some sort of " connection optimizer " onto your device with the most recent update . which actually just means that it will use wifi when it is available because that will result in less overall traffic on their 3g/4g network . on sprint device you can go to settings-> wireless and networks-> more . . . -> -mobile networks-> connection optimizer to enable / disable this . try poking around your wireless settings to see if you have something like this . this solution worked for me . i have had the same problem as the op since i upgraded to android 4.0.4 a couple months ago on the sprint network . 4g and wifi would both turn on by themselves at random times , no matter how many times i turned them off .
ygps , as far as i can discern ( i do not own a fairphone ) , is an app which lets you view what gps satellites your phone is currently connected to . i am guessing it probably provides the same kind of function here , and is likely draining your battery life because it is constantly making gps calls in the background . my guess is that , being a poorly developed app , the developers decided to call every permission possible to ensure they would not run into any issues . it is likely only using the gps function of the phone anyway , but considering you were going to anyway it is probably not a bad idea to disable it .
after some further research i think it is not possible . at least on a level where one is not modifying the os .
definitely not possible , the audio routing is something of a mutually exclusive/flip-flop principle . if the headset is plugged in , the routing goes to the headset and is taken away from the in-built ear-piece . vice-versa , if no headset is plugged in , the in-built-ear piece is used . likewise , for when during in-call without headset , audio routing goes to both ear-piece and mouth-piece , no other mp3/music cannot be played . for vice-versa , when no calls are happening , audio is routed to the speakers . . . that shows what is actually involved in , what is known as " audio routing " and is very complicated process hence the emphasis on mutual exclusivity/flip-flip operations of the audio fundamentals .
try using the opera browser . it compresses the webpages before sending to your phone . edit : here ' s a test done by pc world that engadget featured showing the skyfire browser being slightly faster than opera mini .
no , adb root does not survive reboots ( thankfully , that would be a nice security hole . . . ) in your case , i would guess that the permissions on that file got changed , allowing you to push it the second time .
if you prefer reset , and if it is only about your contacts and photos , you can sync them to your google account . go to Settings &gt; Select "Google" under Accounts &gt; Click on your Google Account and now select Contacts and People Details . for backing up photos from your phone , you can upload them to google drive using google drive app . after reset is completed , all your contacts will be automatically synchronized from your google account .
the answer to 1 ) is : the installer does not use the same releases as you see on the download page , it has separately signed releases so they are not directly comparable . sorry i do not know how you can predict when you might next get an update when you have used the installer . the answer to 2 ) is : latest release for installer devices are here : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/cyanogenmod_installer#supported_devices for the galaxy nexus that is : 11.0-installerxnpq09p further info : on that same wiki page it says : how do i get updates ? updates are done via settings > about phone > system updates . when a new snapshot build is > available , your will also receive a notification . devices flashed via the installer will only get updates when a new stable snapshot build is available . i suspect that might be out of date however . the following seems to be the most recent up to date information : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cm-11-m4-post-release-items installer builds are those served via the cm installer applications ( windows , mac ) . these > builds are specially signed and named separately – there is no concept of an ‘m’ build for > this release channel – so saying ‘installer skipped m#’ is an incorrect interpretation . > this channel only ever receives specially created stable builds – they even come with their > own naming structure ( eg xnpq02r ) . there is an additional blog post that rehashes some of the information on the m4 blog post above with a bit of extra clarification here : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cyanogenmod-11-0-m6-release hth . stephen
as explained by the comments and liam 's answer , this is due to the noexec flag used by the system when mounting the sdcard . if your configure file is a shell script ( as it usually is ) , you can still trick it to be executed : cd to the directory as you described above , and then execute sh configure . sh is the shell interpreter , and that binary should be located in /system/bin , where files are executable . passing your script as the first argument , this will open a new shell process which executes your configure script .
this is due to 2 things : the file does not have execute permissions [ and ] the file cannot gain executable permissions as it is on the sd card . the sd card 's filesystem can accept file permissions , however it is mounted with the noexec flag , as stated in a comment . this stops files being executed . solution : copy the net-snmp-5.7.2 directory to the /data/local/tmp directory as root . set the configure file to be executable by running chmod 0777 /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure as root . you should now be able to execute the configure script by typing /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure and pressing enter . note this should all be done as the root user : )
go to setting--> applications---> gallery--> clear cache after clearing the cache , open the gallery app , it will automatically regenerate thumbnails .
why would you have to look in the app settings ? just determine its location via certain organizational/explorer apps ( es explorer comes to mind ) , and voila , where it is—that is your answer .
i am not surprised you are confused : the term is indeed used for two different things , as you have found . for developers , a widget means a View: a single gui control inside an activity , which can show information or be manipulated by the user . examples include Button , TextView , and SeekBar . the app component that lives on the home screen ( or lock screen ) is properly called an appwidget . stock android ships with appwidgets for the calendar and email apps , amongst others . however , terms are used differently in user-facing documentation and labels . Views do not need to be described to the user , so the term widget is used for appwidgets , presumably because it is shorter . but because it is in the user-facing documentation , and app authors have to label their appwidgets as widgets , they tend to use the term widget for both , when it is possible to tell from context which is meant . it is common for the same thing to be described differently to users and developers ; the only confusion in this case is that the users ' word for one thing is the same as the developers ' word for something different . it is almost always clear which one is meant , because the two components are used in different circumstances : if you need to be unambiguous , you can say " View" or " appwidget " .
follow these simple steps to make sure whether the problem lies with your video or the application- try to update the app from the play store if available . after the update power off your device and wait for few minutes . ( 2-3 minutes max ) power on your device and open your app and check for any other video is it able to play or not ( from the start till the end ) . if the video is able to play then the problem lies with your video which you are trying to view as it might be blocked or censored in your country . if most of the videos are not playing and showing the same error then you need to have a follow up with the you tube support team with the video link and the device specifications .
i doubt you could do that manually . why not just install the os again ?
a boot-loop can have different reasons . though in most cases this happens after flashing a new rom , other things might affect it as well : e.g. some system related apps which have services or the like started quite early . but those special cases usually rather result in a force-close-loop than in a boot-loop . things you can try : safe mode see whether you can boot your device into safe mode ( according to an xda post , this should be achieved by keeping vol- and power pressed simultaneously until the phone is booted up , and shows the string " safe mode " in the lower left corner ) . if that works , it is one of the apps you lately installed which causes this problem . go and remove the app ( via settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps ) , reboot , and you should be fine . in case you get problems leaving safe mode : power down , take out the battery for 30s , insert it again , power up . recovery mode if safe mode is not reachable either , you can try booting to recovery mode ( should be vol+ + vol- + power ) . in the menu appearing there , select to " wipe cache " . reboot . if the problem still persists , and you have no custom recovery , all that is left to you to try is a factory reset . this will wipe all your data and the apps you have installed . you can do so from the very same recovery menu by chosing " wipe data " or " factory reset " ( it is labeled either the one or the other ) . in case you have a custom recovery , you can try first to only " wipe dalvik cache " .
even on models that have a built-in flash , using it is not worth your time . point flashes almost always make the picture look bad , especially when the camera is a crappy phone camera . i suggest making sure the subject is well-lit instead . that all said , the screen is not bright enough for a flash . best case it would provide a little " ambient " lighting in a dark room and you had have to take the picture up close .
from stackexchange-url you might need to activate adb root from the developer settings menu . if you run adb root from the cmd line you can get : root access is disabled by system setting - enable in settings -> development options root access is disabled by system setting - enable in settings -> development options once you activate the root option ( adb only or apps and adb ) adb will restart and you will be able to use root from the cmd line . source : stackexchange-url
netflix has a troubleshooting guide for android devices . see if any of them works . if not , share your findings .
i would reinstall the tf101 driver and install the android sdk drivers . this xda post has some additional info .
ok , i uninstalled and deleted the drivers for the tablet and then reinstalled manually and it worked .
i have tried this on froyo , i can remove the unwanted swype words by : 1 . swype the word . 2 . select that word . 3 . hit the ' swype ' key . 4 . you will get a confirmation to delete the word from swype dictionary . on latest android version , you get a list of words on the top of the keyboard . if the unwanted word comes on top , long tap it . you will get an option to delete it .
swype uses a separate dictionary . you can access the settings for both from within the system settings : from the homescreen , open settings &rarr ; language and keyboard for swype continue : swype &rarr ; personal dictionary for the default keyboard : my dictionary there you can edit/add/remove words from your user dictionary .
the easiest method is probably to install a uk rom . if you do not want to root or use a custom rom , you can probably find a stock one . i recommend searching xda .
install set locale and language , locale selector , or other related apps from google play !
not sure if it does what you want to , but i use quick system info pro ( free ) . in this app , via " basic info " , you can get to the battery details , and check the " power usage " . this gives you a break-down on which processes are responsible for power usage in percentages . i have found it to be the most extensive monitoring application i could find . also , the dmesg and logcat viewer ( alos in the app ) might give you an indication which messages are exchanged and thus which application/thread is responsible for activity .
my droid bionic ( running android 2.3.4 ) has a " network lost tone " setting under settings/sounds . if you the phone is in silent mode with vibrate enabled , this setting might cause a vibrate , although i have not experienced that particular scenario . your phone probably has a similar setting .
here i found a detailed description how to unroot your asus tf101 transfomer . the procedure is not trivial and you need to follow several step , but most of them can be done through adb so there are chances that you can do it .
i had the exact same setup and problems described by @"somebody still uses you ms-dos " . i am using a mac 10.6 and trying to root motorola defy following the cyanogen 's wiki and using rageagainstthecage to root . the wiki suggests using " psneuter " to gain root . instruction below come from the rootzwiki . download latest version of psneuter , and extract . then run the following adb commands adb should hang , wait a while and then type ./adb shell  if you see a '#' sign instead of the '$' then you have temporary root .
i am late to the party but in case anyone googles this and finds it - my own experience of this is solved if you perform the rooting without an sd card in the phone that way windows does not mount the phone and get in the way
this is not exactly an answer to this question , but to the exploit itself : i just became fed up after two days of suffering . i used a tool named superoneclick and in 10s it rooted my phone .
try running adb start-server using sudo . on my ubuntu machine that i use as my test environment , i always need to start adb service using root .
i had the same problem ( rom : 34.177.3 . mb525 . retail . en . de ) . the only rooting method that worked was gingerbreak ( http://project89.com/root-defy-without-pc-gingerbreak-200/ )
in most ( all ? ) cases , rooting voids your warranty . i would assume that in jurisdictions with sane laws , physical damage clearly caused by the dropping would still be covered ; they can not reasonably claim that the rooting caused the damage or would prevent them from fixing it . that said , most jurisdictions do not have sane technology laws , and most carriers seem to jump at any chance to screw people over for money . if they find out it is rooted , i would expect them to try to charge you the full cost . so unroot / flash stock if you can .
i have rooted every phone i have ever had and they never charge you for rooting it . as already commented , i doubt they even look . here are some examples : i used to have assurion and they never charged me for a rooted phone . i bought a phone one time , rooted it and returned it . never heard a peep from them .
after you install an app that takes over the dock intent it will ask which one you wish to use as default . the one i use is called gentle alarm which has a nice dock display and some additional alarm features . it is however a paid app . i know there are several free apps out there as well .
you can disable automatic updates from google play store app . head over to settings &rarr ; auto-update apps . you can also set it to update over wi-fi only , from the same settings page
there is two ways to deal with this : try droidwall to block outgoing connections on 3g data , in that way , if in the vicinity of the wifi network , droidwall will allow data over wifi . the other way is to go into settings > more . . . tap on that , mobile networks > uncheck data enabled to prevent 3g data in and out . only caveat emptor with droidwall , it requires rooted handset .
if your device is running at least android 4.0 , you can use androids native data management : data usage configuration on android 4.0+ ( source : droid-life . com , click image to enlarge ) here you can setup an overall data volume ( a requirement for the second step -- but one can set that rather high , like 4 gb ) : tick the set mobile data limit checkbox , and play with the bars . that done , select the apps to block ( tap their entries you can see in the second screenshot at the bottom ) , and set their limit to 0 ( scroll to the end of the app 's page , and activate the checkbox labeled " restrict background data" ) . a popup will inform you that the app might stop when there is no wifi available , as it will no longer be able to use background data on the mobile network -- plus that there might be additional controls inside the app itself . now these apps no longer can " silently eat your dataplan " , but only when you actively trigger actions . you find described screens in the system settings , mobile data ( the one with the pie-chart symbol -- see above screenshot ) . p.s. : if the above is not applyable for you ( android &lt ; 4.0 , or a wifi-only device with android 4.3+ ) , please also see my answer here .
install titanium backup - ( this requires root access ) from play store and you can backup thinks like sms/call logs/apps and app data . in your case , you might want to backup the app and the app data for that particular app , save your backups . once you restore the phone , you can use titanium to restore that app and data .
you could try factory resetting you tablet . not sure if it might help . it is worth a try .
the problem was that the ext3/ext4 filesystem on /dev/lvpool/system , normally mounted at /system , had a corrupt superblock . the fix was to connect to the phone with adb and run e2fsck manually , like so : after doing this , the reboot option in clockwordmod recovery brought cyanogenmod back up with no issues . a large amount of googling provided no guidance in this direction , so i am posting this q and a in the hopes that it saves someone else the chore of digging through forums and/or reinstalling their recovery and/or rom in vain .
currently android does not have native support for multiple calendars , your phone is working just fine . the touchdown app is awful , avoid it like the plague . basically , the calendar , mail account and everything associated with your personal account are a single item . it may be possible to add the account that relates to the shared calendar as a second exchange account on your samsung and access the calendar that way . of course if it is a colleague 's inbox that is not practical . maybe talk to your it about setting up a dedicated team calendar that anyone has access to ? you can definitely add a second exchange account to your phone , you could do this to access the new team calendar . worth a try ?
maybe install a qr code reader from the app store . that is what i did when setting up authenticator .
the solution for your issue can be found on the app 's help page . as i already guessed , you need to install a barcode reader app . but not just " any " , ist has to be a specific one . and moreover , even my guess for zxing reader was absolutely correct – if you take a closer look at the screenshot taken from that place : screenshot from the google authenticator help page ( click image for original size ) btw : the name " zxing " stands for zebra crossing , but i doubt it can decode the zebra 's natural barcodes : ) as it reportedly works as well in this context , i recommend using qr droid if you want to use the qr reader for additional tasks as well . qr droid has a much nicer interface , offers additional features , and gives you much more flexibility .
use " unlock root"software it works for almost every mobile phone even i had same problem it roots and also unroots if you want
the launcher application on some phones does not provide the ability for a scrolling wallpaper , the only way to fix this would be to download a separate launcher . here is a list of most of them - https://play.google.com/store/search?q=launcherc=apps
http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-s3/586033-galaxy-s3-cheated-some-us-leaving-out-scrolling-wallpapers-2.html#post4756930 citation : " scrolling wallpapers glitch when they have infinite scrolling . if you scroll past the end of the wall paper , it'll sharply shift to the other side of the image . i would imagine some find this to be unsightly . the developers at samsung probably see this as a problem and probably thought infinite scrolling was a more important feature than wallpaper scrolling . "
3g watchdog keeps separate totals for wi-fi and 3g data use , so there should be no confusion about whether it is from the mobile network allowance ( 3g data ) or some wi-fi hotspot . the watchdog can also be set to disable your 3g connection at some level ( eg 80% ) before you hit your limit . avg ( antivirus ) now includes a data usage monitor , but just warns and does not disable , as far as i know . if i had a limit , i would prefer to have the connection broken in case i started a high traffic application ( eg world wide webcam ) and might be charged for traffic above my allowance ( network i used in 2012 charged around 100 gbp / us$ 150 per extra gb of data , something to avoid ! ) .
assuming that you are using a galaxy ace with android v2.3 ( gingerbread ) , i suggest you to use an application like 3g watchdog or onavo count . but if you are using a android phone with android v4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) or higher there is a built-in option in settings menu called " data usage " .
most of the times , if not all , rooting is necessary to upgrade to a newer version , especially if it is unofficial ( custom rom ) . you also have much more power on your phone , but it has the drawback that the guarantee will be voided . in your case , i have found that it is easier to upgrade . you just need to install pc-companion and after you connect the device on it , it will download the latest update ( jelly bean ) . if i were you , i would download the update first and then i would root my phone . http://www.knowyourmobile.com/sony-ericsson/sony-xperia/17465/how-update-your-sony-xperia-arc-s-android-40
sony stopped with ics , it didnt release jellybean for arc s . if you are rooted and installed cwm recovery you can install jellybean custom rom . there are plenty of rom available here . just read the instruction before installing the roms . there are roms which are only for unlocked bootloader .
if i understand what you are after , this should do the trick : add a P ( pause ) at the end of the phone number for whichever contact ( s ) you do not want to be the default . i imagine a W would also work , but i can only vouch for a P . ensure the " default " contact ( if that is what you mean ) has the normal number . in your scenario , just change bravo 's number from , say , 1-800-555-1234 to 1-800-555-1234P . i just tested this approach and both numbers dial . the first thing i tried was adding an extra digit , but that did not work .
a factory reset seems to work for some people . you might want to back-up your files / data before doing this . source : problems with jelly bean 4.2.2 update
change to standard mode of your home screen mode
just hold the back key and it will come back , its probably in hidden mode since the icon is highlighted and shows its on .
try enabling the " stay awake " setting under developer options to keep it " active " while connected to the usb .
we have been looking for an answer to this for some several months . unfortunately , the most hopeful response i have seen is this one , which suggests moving the mac mini to linux , whose usb stack is described as ' more forgiving': stackexchange-url we are going to try shifting to a spare ( pc-based ) linux box for the time being ; i will try to remember to report back whether it is more reliable .
i am afraid this is not possible with htc email application . this email app sync the " inbox " folder automatically , but every other folder you have is not synced , the app gets all mail in the folder when you enter that folder to see what is inside . you have the option to use k9mail , a free e-mail client for android which supposedly has support for push mail and sync of multiple folders .
go to the email app select menu then select more then send n receive select download options under download options select ( all ) then go back n check the folders they should sync n you should see your emails .
if i open the mail app , when connected to exchange , i can then go to menu > folders and select a folder to view . it will the grab content from the folder allowing you to view it . if you have your settings configured for all mail then you should see emails in those other folders . my settings for mail are as follows under settings > send and receive : entire mail html as items arrive ( i have time set to an hour before and after my work schedule ) all smaller than 1 mb in order for each individual setting , that is what i have .
i use moxier mail , works much better and worth the money , it syncs all the exchange stuff and even provides access to the gal for contact lookups , plus the widget can display the configured synced folders only . good stuff . plus you can continue to use the pattern unlock .
if you purchase the paid version of launcher pro you can crop widgets . just long press on a widget with launcher pro installed and running , and then let go . it should be highlighted in an off orange/yellow color . in the lower right corner is a little arrow type icon , click this and drag to crop the widget . not sure how to do this otherwise .
as i see an alternative keyboard may solve your issue , and this seems to be an acceptable solution , and you even mention something you cannot find -- hereby i proudly present : hacker 's keyboard checking its guide , there is in fact a section suggesting such a feature : you can configure the gesture used for this in the keyboard 's " gesture and key actions " settings menu . if the swipe action is too hard to trigger , try binding the " close keyboard " action to the " volume down " hardware key . this will not interfere with normal use of the volume button while the keyboard is closed . though this applies to " close": if there are gestures you can configure , it might as well be able to have one for " open " . the faq may reveal some more clues . saintwacko notes in the comments : to be able to open it anywhere , you go into the settings for the keyboard and check the box for ' permanent notification ' . it will then keep an entry in the notifications which you can tap to bring up the keyboard at any point . so this would be an alternative possibility -- the hook being it is hooked to this special keyboard .
i used a combination of " hacker keyboard " and " smart status bar " . both free , no root required . i set " permanent notification " in the hacker keyboard settings . now , all i have to do in my full screen game is swipe from the top of the screen to bring down the notification menu , and then i select hacker keyboard . simple as that now .
i had that same problem and bought a bluetooth keyboard in order to get around it .
my math lab problem solved with the hackers keyboard ! download the hackers keyboard , then go into settings and enable ''use permanent notification'' . this puts the hackers keyboard logo at the top right of your screen next to the clock and settings button . click on the settings bar or clock at the bottom right and press ' 'show hackers keyboard'' . it will popup for you in flash and other times when it does not do it automatically .
that should be possible . there are plenty of backup apps available on google play which allow local backups , such as sms backup and restore or sms backup . for contacts , there is e.g. contacts backup , and for both together super backup : sms and contacts . they all store the backed-up data e.g. on your sdcard . though i found no explicit mention of sim messages , i would assume they are covered – but you might wish to check for yourself to make sure . update : as it turned out , above apps do not seem to cover sim storage . but i have just stumbled upon backup2csv , which explicitly lists to export contact directories ( sim card and phone ) ( it also lists export text messages ( sms ) , but does not explicitly mention the sim card in that context ) .
you can use the g cloud backup to backup you sms , contacts , call log , photos and more to a secure cloud servers .
i am not exactly sure what you mean by " the fit visible feature " . give a try to qpdf viewer , it is a free android pdf reader that does have a text reflow mode accessible ( under view menu from the action bar ) . a simple double tap fits the document to the screen size – which is pretty useful on tablets .
gustavo . i had similar problem . i am using ebookdroid . it is free and it crops and splits pages . good luck .
i am not sure about foxit reader , but i am using the paid ezpdf reader . i am really amazed about its ability to show and fit the content to screen when reading columns of text ( like in newspaper ) . it has other super features like horizontal scroll and automatic scroll to next part .
try 1 clear play store app 's data and cache ( fix for most of the app related issues ) . try 2 1 . remove the google account 2 . reboot 3 . re-enter your google account . takes a couple of minutes .
it could be your data connection is lost . - try to pull out the battery in your phone . - take your sim card out and re-insert it back in . - turn your phone back on and try your download again . this works for my s3 tmo
you might be interested in assisted gps assistance falls into two categories : information used to more quickly acquire satellites it can supply orbital data or almanac for the gps satellites to the gps receiver , enabling the gps receiver to lock to the satellites more rapidly in some cases . the network can provide precise time . the device captures a snapshot of the gps signal , with approximate time , for the server to later process into a position . accurate , surveyed coordinates for the cell site towers allow better knowledge of local ionospheric conditions and other conditions affecting the gps signal than the gps receiver alone , enabling more precise calculation of position . ( see also wide area augmentation system and cellhunter . ) calculation of position by the server using information from the gps receiver the assistance server has a good satellite signal , and plentiful computation power , so it can compare fragmentary signals relayed to it by gps receivers , with the satellite signal it receives directly , and then inform the gps receiver or emergency services of the gps receiver 's position . many mobile phones combine a-gps and other location services including wi-fi positioning system and cell-site triangulation and sometimes a hybrid positioning system . [ 4 ]
if i am not mistaken it is to access google 's ( presumably large ) wireless mac address location database which like skyhook ( a competing service , also previously used on ios devices ) allows a handset to scan for wireless networks nearby and send their mac addresses ( possibly ssids as well , i have not looked into it too depply ) off to google to compare to their database and fire back an approximate location based on their data collection ( which you consent to help provide by enabling this feature ) . to the answerer mentioning a-gps , i think the op was already using a-gps and using google maps over a 3g connection but had wi-fi disabled . i believe this technique is achieved similarly with the use of cell towers , measuring the signal strength between the connected and neighbouring towers and comparing it to a stored database ( such as ofcom 's attempt available in the uk ) , location area code ( lac ) and cell id ( cid ) . for anyone curious you can find these on most android phones using the *#*#4636#*#* code in your dialer although for whatever reason it is encoded in hex so just convert it back to decimal if you like . tl ; dr - triangulate your location quicker using wi-fi signals while your gps gets a satellite lock , a-gps serves the same purpose but achieves this using a different method ( secure user plane location i think , if anyone wants to read up on it ) .
i was able to solve the question : the problem was i couldnot find the driver for the device . did it the manual way by selecting the android adb interface driver . and then used adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  to push the file on to sdcard . more references on the same can be found here .
the difference in the filenames reflects the codename for the kernel version . the phone only shows the version number , making things difficult . the good news is that you can use any 2.2 kernel with a 2.2 rom ( or 2.3 with 2.3 , etc . ) . i would just use the newest ( they are alphabetical , so js8 is the newest ) . you can always experiment and see which one gives you the best performance , or hit up the xda forums where people will certainly have discussed it .
according to samsung uk it will be getting ics , so i would say that it has to be compatible . quote from samsung uk 's twitter : Hi, good news - the Galaxy S II will be receiving ICS, but there are no dates confirmed as yet. We will keep you posted.
there is a specific document describing the official requirements of ics called the " android 4.0 compatibility definition " . you can compare this to the phone 's specs to see if it matches the official requirements and hope that samsung continues to support your device long enough to upgrade it to ics . if not , your only hope is for an unofficial port of ics , similar to teamhacksung 's ics port for the original galaxy s . these are not officially supported and will cause you to void your warranty .
yes , it is compatible . maybe this can help you : installing android ics 4.0.3 on samsung galaxy sii
technically they can inspect the http headers and look at the user-agent field to determine browser and os ; but imagine the millions and millions of http requests for web pages and applications in a given day . they can do trends , and data mining techniques to find out - but is it worth all that effort for them just to track down someone using a few more mb of bandwidth ? probably not .
is the app from the carrier itself ? if you root your phone and install a custom rom you are erasing the phone and anything that was pre-installed by the carrier . it should work fine after that , or if you have a international version of the phone . also , they can only see how much data you are using , and they just make it slower if they see you are using too much .
eldarerathis may be right ( from his comment ) . the tethering app itself might be monitoring your usage , with statistics being sent to the service provider . try using a different tethering app- if that might help . but again , i say , it might not make a difference whether the device is rooted or not .
dont think the gmail profile picture and the sms picture will sync up . when you are in an sms chat try pressing your own picture and updating it with a picture of you .
when i send sms to another phone , it is not sent as my google profile , eg . example@gmail.com, but as my number , eg . +123456789 . if you add your own number to your contacts , and then add profile picture , you will see it in sms chat .
nope , no limit . source at xda-developers forum
if you are looking for a solution , i suggest downloading a third party keyboard . i am 95% sure each keyboard has its own dictionary . i use go keyboard , which i prefer over the stock android keyboard anyway , based on the larger letters and the period that does not hog most of the space where the keyboard should be .
this appears to be a bug in the 2.3.4 update . it is being tracked here .
try searching with a file manager on your sd-card . i do not use Line myself , so i can not do this for you . i think there will be a folder named Line or something a-like on your sd-card . most likely there is a . nomedia file in this folder , which is the reason why the pictures and videos are not shown in the gallery app .
device storage/pictures/naver_line
pictures and videos from line app are stored under following directory . sd card -> android -> data -> jp . naver . line . android -> storage -> gallerybig all the audio files are placed under directory sd card -> android -> data > jp . naver . line . android -> cache > mo > ( folder ) > [ audio files ]
ok , i think they have fixed it some weeks ago , as i did not notice any new sms message that comes after a real hangouts message .
the functionality is different with kitkat as you can choose your default sms application in the wireless and network settings . below is for 4.4 and for 4.3 and below . open the google-plus-hangouts application . for android 4.4+ ( kitkat ) ( as per the above ) : click on menu then settings . click on sms . click on the setting " sms enabled " under the general heading and change your default sms application . for 4.3 ( jelly bean ) and below : click on menu then settings . click on sms . untick the setting " turn on sms "
go to settings -> under data usage tap more tap default sms app and select your sms app source with detailed instruction : http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-57613499-285/manage-default-sms-app-on-android-4.4-kitkat/
i have recently flash a custom rom called " omnirom " ( aosp , kitkat based ) , and i think this problem is now gone . not sure why it occurred , and why i do not see it anymore . maybe it is because of a bug on 4.3 .
it allows you to " mark " a card . it is a kind of bookmark that allows you to find this card easily later . the most common case is when a card needs editing , but you do not have time/tools to edit it right now , so you mark it , and you will fix the card when you are back home . why not edit the card right away , instead of just marking it ? examples : you are reviewing in the bus , and you notice a kanji that you probably entered wrongly , so you need to check . but you need the library 's huge kanji dictionary , which is too heavy to carry in the bus . you realize you made a typo when entering a latex formula . you will only be able to fix it next time you are at your desktop computer . you have a doubt about a card , and must ask a native speaker , but there is none around . reference : http://ankisrs.net/docs/markedcards.html thanks for using ankidroid !
no , your provider can not give you a recording of your phone call , and it is not saved on the phone by default . there are a zillion apps on google play for recording phone calls , but there are two things to be aware of:- some phones simply can not record calls . this is because the " cellphone chip " in your phone has direct access to the microphone and speaker , so the phone call sounds do not ever pass through android 's phone system . if your phone was designed this way , probably you can record your side of the call ( because android still has access to the microphone ) , but not the other side . it does not matter which call recording app you use , because it is a limitation of the hardware . in some countries , it is illegal to record a phone call without the consent of the other participant ( s ) . before doing anything , you should check , especially if you intend to use the recording as evidence to confront the other participant later or in a legal dispute .
the security audits in the market only bring advantage when you just pull your apps from the market . also be careful with apps from untrusted sources , for example the app could exploit a security bug in the os and so get root rights . then it would get all rights without asking you for permission . probably such an app in the market would be found after a short time . but if you download an apk on the internet from an untrusted source you should be careful and think about if you really need it and can trust the source . another great project is taintdroid probably what you ' re watching for . but at the moment i think you can only use it when you have a nexus devloper phone .
google does do occasional audits . there were apparently some wallpaper apps recently that were doing nefarious stuff and were pulled from the market and any phones they had been installed on . it is imperative that users pay attention to the permissions that are being requested ( why would a wallpaper need to know " phone state " or my contacts ? ) and simply not install anything that looks wonky . pay attention to the ratings and the comments and , if something looks too good to be true , it probably is . everybody wants everything for free . the price of that is that your marketing demographics are being sold to anyone willing to pay for them . i do not begrudge developers the ability to make a profit .
i think one of the better ways to " know more " about an app would be to check out its reviews online - there are loads of android blogs , plus reviews written by users in the market comments . you can also check them out on sites like http://appbrain.com
looking around looks like the best options would be : uloops reloop caustic nanoloop i havent tried any of these on my tablet yet however ( advent vega ) . let me know what you find
using google chromes app marketplace you could look at this aviary webcloudapp . it is pretty good but falls short of garageband . http://www.aviary.com/online/audio-editor?lang=ensrc=chromeos#
a partial solution is to create a silent notification sound and use it as default , and then set custom notification sounds in each of the apps you use , assuming that the apps allow you to choose your notification sound . most stock sms apps and whatsapp allow this , but the latest version of skype does not .
have you tried doing a factory reset ? in my samsung galaxy s4 , it is in : System settings &gt; Acceounts &gt; Backup and reset &gt; Factory data reset . see if you can find something similar to your phone . warning : you will lose all your data when you do a factory reset . but since you uninstalled all your apps , it should not be any problem / issue .
simply get yourself a terminal app ( a good choice would be android terminal emulator ) , start it , and enter the command free . the output then should look like this : this example is from my motorola milestone 2 , and you can see : it does not use any swap : " total " available swap space is "0" . if your device would use swap , at least the numbers for " totals " and one of " used " or " free " should be &gt ; 0 .
it all very much depends on the " startup manager " used , and whether your device is rooted . as dotvezz answer assumes , there are some just de-activating the corresponding " listeners " ( apps can be notified on events , and thus get started when they appear – the most famous event being boot_completed ; but there are many more , like network changed , sdcard mounted , battery low . . . if you are interested in details , see e.g. what is the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) . however , doing that requires " root powers " . thus " startup managers " working without " root powers " basically do nothing other than task mangers : killing the app once it started on a given event . they also in most cases stick to the boot_completed event , and do not care about others . then there are those managers supporting both modi . best one most likely is autorun manager , my favorite i used for quite a while . now your question is specifically about startup manager . as you can see in its app description , and like i have written above , this app just cares for the boot_completed event : it does disable/enable startup items from system boot . its permissions do not include SUPERUSER ( aka root ) , so it cannot modify receivers/listeners . so it most likely just " kills " the apps when they start . prove on that you again can find in the app 's description : note : for android 2.2 and higher os non-rooted devices , some processes will restart themselves right after being disabled . they would not do so if they were really disabled . but many apps do so when being killed . autorun manager , which i have mentioned before , supports both modi : if used in " basic mode " ( which does not require root ) , it kills configured apps on start . in " advanced mode " ( requires root ) it " silences " their listeners , so they never receive the event broadcast and thus do not automatically start .
some research indicates that this is most likely done by revoking permissions to the apps you specify . specifically , the app needs android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED in order to run at startup . however , while this is the most likely situation , i can not speak for the exact functionality of startup manager . additionally , if you are concerned because the app 's description is not clear about how it works , you can alternatively use autostarts , an open-source android startup helper tool which controls which intents actually get sent to which apps .
yes , you can root it without installing a custom rom . the rooting instructions on this site just tell you to install a custom recovery , which can install su for you .
yesterday i tried with the howto ( how do i root my nexus 7 ? ) and now i have a rooted nexus 7 ! well , i discovered , the " oem unlock " is not necessary , since the device was already unlocked . . . : ) thank you all for your help ! greetings luca , with a rooted nexus ! : )
looks like this is not possible . in the opera mini faq , it says : you must have a compatible phone with an internet connection . when you download opera mini , you will be told if your phone is known to work . to see if your handset can run opera mini , visit the list of supported devices .
try adding adb 's folder ( platform-tools ) to your path . the adb executable used to be in the tools folder on versions of the sdk up to v8 iirc , but it was moved in v9 , so ddms . bat is probably looking for it in the wrong spot . see also this thread on stackoverflow ( accepted answer there courtesy one of our mods here ) to see if this is in fact the issue . edit : if you need it , here 's a decent guide for changing your path environment variable . it is written for xp but i do not think the process is much different ( if at all ) for vista/7 . the basic premise is at least the same . another edit : it looks like it is the same process according to this guide for win7 .
the image transfer from s3 uses s beam , which is a proprietary technology used by samsung . it does not use nfc for the actual data transfer , but instead creates a wifi direct ( ad-hoc ) network between the devices and sends the image over wifi . nfc is just used for " pairing " the devices . since nexus 4 is a vanilla android , it does not have the necessary application for this , and i suspect this is why it opens the play store . instead , most nfc-capable android devices support android beam , which uses bluetooth instead of wifi direct to transmit the data . there is a suggested solution in another question that could work for you .
i have the same phone and got it to work on eduroam just now ( was actually googling for solutions when i managed to solve it myself ) . was your problem also that you could not find the right part of the settings ? weirdly you need to first just try to connect any old how ( so it is saved as a network you use ) and then long-press on it and choose " modify network " . this time you get a much longer list of options and can choose peap etc as in the university instructions -- at least , my university instructions work ( http://www.oucs.ox.ac.uk/network/wireless/services/eduroam/android/ ) and i believe the point of the network is that you only need to set it up once . however i am already on the 4.1.2 update . if you still can not get on you could check if the ota is available for you yet ( all settings -> about phone -> system updates ) .
i had the same problem with my razr i ( android 4.0.4 ) and was able to solve it by installing wifi connection manager . within the app , 802.1x peap is available for configuration .
go to Settings &gt; wireless and network &gt; mobile networks . in the network mode , select gsm only . i was having the same issue , and this step solved the problem .
as a nexus 7 owner , i can confirm for you that it does not have a led flash for its front-facing camera . in fact , off the top of my head , i can not think of a single device that does . documentation of a feature that is not present is going to be hard to come by . a good verification of this fact , however , is in ifixit is teardown pictures ( see steps 12 and 13 ) . camera and light sensor , no flash .
you can create an application for any device that runs the android os , this is not restricted to specific device manufacturers . restrictions in the execution are caused mainly because of the version of the android os that runs on the device ( the differtent api 's ) or the difference in hardware capabilities between devices . if you are planning to make an application you should by all means have some programming experience . with the use of some very helpful software development tools you could create personal application like suggested . be sure to check out the documentation provided on androids official website to get a solid introduction on this topic .
while any android device can be programmed , there are some caveats you should be aware of . first , what features are available to you as a developer depend very much on what version of android is installed on your tablet . very importantly , a tablet that is running a version of android below 3.0 honeycomb ( or ideally 4.0 ice cream sandwich ) will not have any of android 's tablet-specific features accessible to it . second , an app you develop will not necessarily run on all android devices ( or even all android tablets ) . obviously tablets that run a version of android lower than what you have targeted with your app will not run it ( though there are ways to make such apps run with some features missing ) . but also , android device manufacturers often add a layer on top of android ( for example , samsung adds a layer called touchwiz and htc adds sense ) . if your app uses any of these added features , it will not run on devices that do not have it . lastly , i do not know where you are , but in india , where i live , there are a ton of cheap unlicensed android tablets . if you buy one of these , all bets are off , since these manufacturers have not committed to rigourously testing their devices for full compatibility , which is one of the conditions required to be an android licensee . in general , stuff will probably work on these tablets ( provided the above criteria are met ) , but you can not count on it . since these tablets do not have access to the google play store , so you are going to have to sideload any apps you install on them . despite these exceptions , the majority of applications will run flawlessly on most android devices . the android development tools are pretty good at warning you about api incompatibilities and it is pretty difficult to accidentally use a device/manufacturer specific api .
you can change the appareance of your device using the go launcher ex applicationn that is available in the play store . if you are looking for the intergration of ( new/old ) features on your device your best bet might be installing a different rom . a rom is like a modified version of android . it requires your device to be rooted though . there are not many rom databases on the net but the unlocker provides you the tool to select a rom based on your device manufacturer .
to change the home screens , you need to install a new launcher application - search the play store for Launcher and see what is available .
after reading a bit this seems to be a pretty common issue with folks who are running skyraider on their devices . i do not know exactly what they are talking about , but apparently your radio needs to be the right version in order for your wifi to act properly . this thread over at incredibleforum looks like it might be where you need to start .
if you have a bootloop ( samsung logo looping ) , it is because you messed up the rooting procedure . i had this problem when i tried to root a relative 's ace . since you have tried factory reset and it does not work , enter recovery mode and do factory reset . ( recovery mode : press and hold volume down + power button for 15 seconds , navigate up/down by volume button and power button to select ) . reboot and see if it fixes the issue . if it does not , there are two options : flash cwm from recovery ( here 's the cwm zip file to flash from stock recovery ) , then reboot to cwm and install a custom rom . this is what i did , as i wanted to load cm7 anyway . if you want stock , download odin , get stock firmware from sammobile . com or xda forums ( look for developmet section under your device specific forum ) and flash it .
most likely the app has chosen not to show them for that particular input box . from a technical perspective , this is controlled by flags on the TextView object that represents the text area control ( e . g . the TYPE_TEXT_FLAG_NO_SUGGESTIONS option ) . i do not believe there is any way to override this setting if the app chooses to disable it . it is probably also important to note that it is a bit of a one-way street . suggestions are enabled by default on all text areas , but will obey the global setting , so an app can not forcibly enable suggestions in any way . if you have the global setting turned off , they are off everywhere . the logic that the developer documentation provides for allowing apps to forcibly disable suggestions is that in some cases they simply are not very useful . the specific relevant quote would be ( from the above link ) : . . . this is useful for text views that do not contain words from the language and do not benefit from any dictionary-based completions or corrections . . . i would wager the market disables them because app names and such have no obligation to be dictionary words , so suggestion attempts would often prove rather futile . i would also understand the same being true of your second example , which sounds like a source code editor ( i assume that is what you mean by " syntax highlighting" ) . it would be sort of akin to visual studio underlining misspelt words in source code - it provides no benefit since most of the text will not be dictionary words .
the fix is available here via gist on github . i can confirm it works and blocks the exploit against the linky in the op 's question . have ran it on gingerbread 2.3.7 and successfully blocked/defeated the exploit . in case of link rot :
i just tested my own phone by loading dylan reeve 's web page and to my surprise the lookout app i have installed stopped it . i guess lookout also functions as a dialer . according to this page there is a version that supports 1.5 ( although i am not sure if that version does include protection from ussd attacks ) . i have not tried it myself but , according to this post you can download apk files from the play store to your computer . if you succeed just copy the apk to your phone manually and install .
uhhh . . . i get google+ notifications all of the time . check : Settings | Apps | Google+ | Show Notifications is checked in the google+ app , Overflow menu (three vertical dots) | Settings | Notifications is on . tap that entry and choose which types of notifications to get . i see posts and mentions mentions shares comments comments on a post after i commented circle subscriptions circles adds me photos tags me comments on a photo i am tagged in comments on a photo i tagged photos added from instant upload events invitations or updates to events reminders about events i am invited to activity on events i created communities invites me to a community
no . a factory reset does not re-lock your phone .
no because efs files will not be updated by factory reset
there must be some windows machine you could use for 10 minutes . follow this tutorial and you will be good : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=31986973postcount=21 unlocking bootloader 1 ) download the following file https://www.dropbox.com/s/pfhdbykms3imxr4/g330d%20a%20key%20to%20unlock.rar 2 ) go to settings> application> fast boot and " click off " 3 ) power off the phone ( to make sure pull out the battery about 5 seconds after switch off ) 4 ) enter to the fastboot mode by pressing ( volume down + power button ) about 15 seconds and connect cable to the computer 5 ) double click and open > > g330d一键解锁 . exe file form unlock folder that you downloaded 6 ) type the unlock code that you got form huawei official website and press if you did not yet , here is huawei official website to unlock bootloader ( it is easy to follow in english version ) > > > http://www.huaweidevice.com/worldwide/servicepolicy.do?method=toapplyunlock 7 ) it will automatically restart and your bootloader successfully unlocked install cwm 1 ) download the following file - https://www.dropbox.com/s/61a0e0553cu7wwt/recovery6.0.1.2_ascendg330d.rar 2 ) power off and pull out battery about 5 second 3 ) enter to the fastboot mode by pressing volume down + power button about 15 seconds and connect cable to the computer 4 ) run this recovery6.0.1.2_ascendg330d . exe file that you got from downloaded zip file . 5 ) there will be see in china lungaue in cmd . actually , i do not know what but type 1 and press enter 6 ) enter again 7 ) it will be reboot automatically and successfully installed cwm 8 ) to go to the cwm recovery , press volume up + power button after power off root 1 ) download the following file https://www.dropbox.com/s/2ytam587dakpdp9/root%20recovery.zip 2 ) copy the downloaded " root recovery . zip " file to the sd card 3 ) go to recovery and install zip from sd card 4 ) after reboot system , successfully rooted your phone .
i think mighty text is the best app to send sms from a computer to a phone . it makes the device suitable to send the sms . hope you will love this .
for a system independent solution , you might want to take a look at e.g. airdroid : airdroid runs as an app on your android device . when you start this app , it offers you to start its service . having done so , it displays an url to connect to with a web browser , plus a password to authenticate . doing so on your pc , you can manage your android device from within the pc 's web browser : edit your contacts , send sms , play your media , change the background image , and much more . even the clipboard can be shared . preferably this is done while both devices ( the android device and your pc ) are connected to the same network , of course -- but you do not need a cable , as the name airdroid correctly indicates the " over-the-air " use of wifi : ) other than with the nokia pc suite , airdroid does not save a copy of the android device 's data on your pc . this is , however , afaik done by myphoneexplorer client -- which was already mentioned in mattlin 's answer ; but this is only available to windows users .
mightytext - send and receive sms from your computer . it will automatically get synced in your phone .
try myphoneexplorer to control ( almost ) any android device . you can easily send and receive sms on your pc when this software is connected to your phone . or htc sync manager for synchronizing .
http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2573353 here is a short code to get teh phone to show debug mode : *#197328640#
as explained in my comments on the question itself : a restore is more than just the .apk files . all parts of the system need to fit together , or you might run into trouble ( unstable system , things not working as expected , apps crashing , and the like ) . there are different approaches to backup and restore , and one should not mix them without the required experience . nandroid a nandroid backup ( as it is done by e.g. clockworkmod ) basically creates full images of all your device 's partitions , without any abstraction . this does not necessarily mean one could not pick single items out of a nandroid backup , but its not that trivial . if you restore a single partion only ( such as /data ) , it must fit the other parts of the system . the /data partition also holds the /data/dalvik-cache , for example , which consists of the byte-code for all installed apps , optimized for the rom which created it . if you e.g. would restore the /data partition from a backup of rom-x to a device with rom-y , those dex ( dalvik executables ) would not fit . also rom-y might use different directory structures for several things , which are not reflected here . you see , it would not be such a good idea . adb backups backups created with the adb backup command are a different case : they are " abstracted " . if you look into such an archive , you will not find the directory structure reflected . thus at least in theory , an app backup ( including the apps ' data ) created on rom-x should restore fine on rom-y , as the adb daemon on the device should take care of what belongs where . titanium backup somehow comparable with the afore-mentioned adb backup . tibu uses its own format , and furthermore offers a " migration mode " when restoring backups from a different rom . tibu can also extract apps/data from nandroid ( and adb ? ) backups , and hopefully fits them in fine even between different roms . other details as you correctly noted : no , titanium backup is not needed to restore a nandroid backup . the same script collection ( nandroid ) used for the backup process would take care for the restore as well , again from the same place ( clockworkmod recovery ) . but as described above : titanium backup is able to read from backup files created with nandroid . as a last line , i want to repeat what i wrote in the beginning : nandroid , adb backup , and titanium are using completely different concepts . though it is possible to mix them on a restore , this should only be done by experienced users understanding those concepts and knowing what they are doing .
as far as i know , the 3.2 update on the a500 has not been rooted ( some discussion here ) . there is one xda thread where someone has described a method of downgrading so you can root , but nothing that lets you root 3.2 in and of itself . if you want to have root access then i would suggest rooting the shipped version , then manually upgrading to a pre-rooted version of the latest ota update .
you will need to use odin . this blog has a guide for how to flash 2.1 . to summarize you put your phone in download mode , connect it to your pc , load the firmware into the appropriate field ( s ) in odin and hit start . the site has a link to firmware but if it does not work try samfirmware . com .
use a different email app that does not do it or allows you to shut it off .
it appears it is not possible , even on gmail.com, according to this answer . gmail does understand the " eom " tag at the end of the subject and will not prompt you about having an empty message body if that exists anywhere in the subject ( even if it is the only thing in the subject ) .
rather than a notifier and managing all of this yourself , had you thought about using a dynamic dns client ? this would allow you to always use the same name to contact your phone over the internet ( or even a local lan ) and the 3rd party would manage the problems with changing ip addresses for you . there are a number of dynamic dns clients on the market , i have not tried any , but it is a pretty common solution for machines that change ip , so i can not see why there would be a problem .
this is pretty much what happens if you connect your phone to a corporate ms exchange server . i think it is possible with other exchange active sync compatible servers that support the exchange mobile device security policies . if any of the foss exchange/messaging clones currently implement the security policies , then this would all be possible on any android 2 . x phone without needing anything other than built-in software on the client .
i do not know of an app that meets your exact requirements . but a simpler version that is ( in my opinion ) equally secure is an android app that listens for a specific sms message , and wipes the phone . remote wipe does this . of course , it does not entirely kill the phone 's software ( that would be very device-specific and require a modified bootloader in most cases ) ; and it might be useful to use one of the apps that reports the phone 's physical location too , if you want to recover it .
try cerberus app for android . this app works on both rooted and non rooted devices ( giving some additional options to rooted devices ) you create account , and login , which allows you to fully control your phone , even so that no one notices that you are doing anything ( even if he who stole your phone is using it at the moment ) . some of the main features are taking gps position every few secs , and posting it to this server as soon as it gains any kind of internet connection . you can even send sms to your phone with special codes and messages will not appear on your phone , but it will answer you with sms with gps coordinates and other information without the user holding your phone knowing it . you can take front camera or back camera photos . you can record voice , etc . it has many more features . if you are interested , you should totally check this app out .
the attender from htc asked me to remove my exchange account and add it again , and the problem is solved .
i doubt there is an answer to this beyond " because that is how google designed its apps " . android itself does not require a google account to use , only google 's proprietary applications do . cyanogenmod and other pure source builds of android are actually forbidden from distributing the google apps within the firmware package itself because of their proprietary nature , and if you install such a rom without the associated google apps add-on you will not even have the ability to add a google account in your settings . if you do not want to be tied to google then do not use the apps they produce , but also do not be surprised that they want you to sign in when using services that they provide . it is really not that different from any other app or website that requires sign in to use the services it provides , in my opinion , but if you do not like it use different apps . re : the question about why maps specifically requires a sign-in on android but not ios : the comments about the ios one being developed by apple could certainly be correct , and i do agree with those statements . in addition , apple may not want you to sign in google 's servers with their maps app . it would create a tie ( however loose it may be ) between you and google 's services , which i am sure apple is trying to discourage as much as possible to prevent customers from jumping ship to android . another angle you have to keep in mind is that google is pushing pretty hard to tie together all of its online services as much as it possibly can . based on their priorities and their business model , it makes sense that the android version would try to integrate as tightly as possible with their other services and with the web . it is in their best interest ( from a business perspective ) to try to make android apps and their web counterparts as seamless as possible in order to attract users to android who are already heavily invested in google 's products . of course , this is just conjecture on my part , i think only google could truly say why maps works the way it does .
you need a google account only if you want to use google services . if you do not want to use google services , you are free not to have a google account . however , it looks like you actually tried to use one of google services ( google maps ) and you were suprised that it requires a google account . by the way , you can use the rest of android without a google account since the operating system itself is free and open source .
yes , you can move any apps that do not normally allow it , including system apps , if you have root . note that most apps that does not allow moving usually do not allow it for a good reason , so if you force move you may get crashes and other stability issues . you need an app2sd application that uses root , like this : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.droidsail.dsapp2sd
applications that came installed with the system usually do not allow moving to the sd card ( some may have good reasons ) . you can deal with this as follows ( following this guide ) : adb shell , then su - to get root access ( you will need to have this set up separately using something like superuser ) pm uninstall -k followed by the package name then install the application from the market , in which case you should be able to move it to the sd card .
rendering tamil characters is a challenge as there is no one glyph to one character mapping as in english . earlier versions of android ( before 4.1 ) does not have this support natively . which means unless the manufacturer or the author of the rom decides to additional support , tamil characters cannot be rendered properly . there were few hacks which helped those users who did not have such roms . but those hacks were not always successful . with many users lamenting on google 's support pages , i guess google decided to provide this feature from android 4.1 onwards . these are the ability of the vanilla android rom ( i.e. . the factory images for nexus 4/7/10 ) : supported : display tamil characters with proper conjunct rendering in browser display tamil characters with proper conjunct rendering out of browser in file names , sms , contacts ( which means you can have a contact and its details in tamil characters ) . display tamil characters with proper conjunct rendering in apps like notes editor , facebook , twitter , ebook reader etc . not supported : no keyboard to input tamil character - swype has tamil language support . you even swipe along the keys to type which is much better and much needed input method for tamil input . no interface language as tamil - which means the menu , home screen , settings etc will not be in tamil . i have a rooted lg p500 which runs android 2.3.3 . thanks to lg which had added support for proper rendering of tamil characters in contacts , file names , text ( sms ) messages and many other apps . with swype keyboard i am even able to type in tamil as well . however , when i tried to use a clone of cyanogenmod rom based on android 4.2.2 , i observed that tamil characters are not even displayed ( all characters were displayed as empty space ) . replacing fonts did not do the trick . i later understood that due to limited /system partition size of my phone , the rom developer has to chop off some components and i guess whatever did help to render the tamil characters has been axed . i also have a nexus 7 running vanilla android 4.2.2 and it works superb with tamil . again , swype also works and i am even able to mix and match english and tamil characters in all apps . so if you want to ensure tamil can be read without any user intervention , i would suggest you to buy phones that have android 4.2 installed . again chances are there they can be trimmed as my lg p500 experienced .
finally got solution after 2 days of headache . problem is my usb data cable . i have got original samsung 's usb data cable with phone but unfortunately it is not working . though charging can done via this cable . i have tries few chinese cables also but problem remains there . but as soon as i use my friend 's original samsung cable it working like a charm . so any of you have this problem first thing to do is check from another usb cable . and importantly go for oem 's original cable .
i do not know the syntax , but terminal emulator on my samsung galaxy s lets me run tail . i would assume any console app would allow it . as noted in the comments below , tail is part of busybox so you can get it from there . there is a root app on the play store that includes busybox if you do not want to search for a package to sideload .
it sounds like you have hard-bricked your phone . the only thing you can do to get it back is send it in to get it jtagged , or jtag it yourself . the jtagging process is quite complex and unless you have a lot of experience in hardware hacking , you probably should just send it in to have someone else do it right . i had a similar situation to the one you are in : is there a way to restore my samsung galaxy s3 ( sch-i747 ) ? which ultimately led to : how risky ( if all ) is it to return a rooted android device under &#39 ; warranty&#39 ; i returned my phone to at and t under warranty and they just send me a new one . i did a lot of research on at and t and samsung to see their policies on returned phones . basically after searching the internet for a couple of days i had concluded that the general consensus is this : should you return a bricked phone that you were trying to root ? no , it is a breach of the warranty and the warranty is null and void will i get caught if i try to return a phone that i bricked while trying to root it ? highly unlikely . if your device is not under warranty , then you have to send it in to get jtagged . in order for your phone to get jtagged , they have to open it up and do all sorts of stuff to it . if your warranty is still in effect , i would highly recommend going that route first .
it is probably the same thing although rom is supposed to be the area / location where stuff is only ever written once ( during manufacture / initial flashing ) .
right now skype for android is limited to vzw , but you are not missing much . you can not use it to make skype out calls over a data connection , only skype to skype calls . you can make skype out calls but vzw redirects the call over their voice network so it uses your minutes . also , you can not use it over wifi , only on 3g . i believe vzw is behind all these restrictios , and i believe that the carrier restrictions are not from skype either . most carriers will block the app unless its gutted like the skype app for vzw . if you want a full featured skype app , do not hold your breath . i suspect the carriers will continue to work dilligently to f#@k up the experience . if you are looking to make data calls , look into finding a good sip service and use sipdroid . you could also try frings new fring out service but i am not very optomistic about that one . update : it is now possible to make skype out calls over 3g with some hacks
as of skype 2.1 for android ( august 4 , 2011 ) , according to the skype blog . the following android devices are supported : acer a5 htc desire ( 2.2 ) htc desire hd htc evo 3d htc evo 4g htc flyer htc incredible s htc sensation htc thunderbolt - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) lg revolution - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) samsung droid charge - verizon ( 2.2 ) ( us only ) samsung galaxy s samsung galaxy s ii samsung galaxy tab sony ericsson xperia mini pro sony ericsson xperia play sony ericsson xperia ray
skype is avaiable now for everyone on the market , in case you are still looking !
not until skype opens up their app on other carriers . which rumors keep coming out that it will happen soon , but has not yet . xda has some threads on attempting to get skype working on non vzw phones , but no dice .
if you want to make skype calls over wifi you can use fring or nimbuzz , both should be available in the market . i think you can also do calls over 3g but ymmv and it will eat into your data plan like a fat kit in a chocolate warehouse . if you are on verizon wireless in the us or on three in the uk ( possibly elsewhere ) you can download an official skype app that only uses data for presence ( who is logged in etc ) , when you want to make a skype call it calls a toll free number which is then redirected to skype so it is not using your data allowance and not killing the network for others . i do not know about the us but in the uk this only works over 3g and will often fail to work if you have wireless enabled and are within range of a wifi network . using this app on three ( uk ) you can make skype out calls and even configure your phone to automatically use skype for international phone calls instead of just dialling the number normally .
there was an official skype lite app available on international android markets for quite a while ( it was definitely on the uk market at one time as i had it on my old phone ) , but they have pulled that totally now , and as far as i know it is literally only available to one carrier in one country , which seems like a bizarre decision .
another confirmation that the back tick is not on swype . but , you do not need to dig that deep to switch . . long press in the input area , choose " input method " and then you can select the samsung or android keyboards . another long press and two clicks and you are back to swype .
i have never used that symbol on my phone before , but looked in my version of swype , not the galaxy s version but still the latest update , and did not find the backtick . looks like you will have to send an email to the swype team and hope they listen , or get around using it . sorry man .
if you only need the backtick for when you are entering code on stackexchange sites , then there is actually no reason to type the character . any time you are in a question or answer box , there is a set of icons just above the box , pressing the 101 010 button puts a pair of matching backticks into the text box at the current cursor location , with some replacable text in between , now just type over that text with swype ( or paste over ) . works perfectly on my galaxy s with swype enabled . edit for more recent versions of swype , see miquelfire 's answer where the backtick is now available as an extended character on the .' key beside the space bar .
holding down the '. key will get you a menu of extra characters to type . i saw the ` there . 2012-10-09 update : i recently check with the beta version of swype , and noticed that the ` had moved to r4 key , but my original answer is still valid for the version of swype built into my phone . future versions of swype may move special keys around , and you may need to hunt them down .
only for samsung galaxy s ( but nevertheless very , very important ) : speed , speed , speed . my galaxy is much , much quicker in handling all things - the lag that was present in previous versions up and including 2.2 is completely gone . update : maybe not only for samsung galaxy s ( come to think of it ) , but i have only the samsung galaxy s at my disposal .
i am not aware of an official changelog anywhere , but you can look at the commit log on the git repository here . anything between the 2.2_r1.3 tag and the 2.2.1_r1 tag was a change added in 2.2.1 . the summary : it is basically just bugfixes , hence why it is a smaller increment ( as opposed to 2.2-&gt;2.3 , for example ) . note : if you are getting a 2.2.1 update from a carrier then they may have added other changes to their own software , so the above applies to the android os itself and not any additional components .
i have faced the same issue on my device . it was 2 years or so when i started experiencing the problem . the battery was draining inside 3 hours , even when the phone was in stand by , flight mode . when i checked my battery status  *#*#4636#*#  the battery health was shown good . i checked the battery operating voltage during the same period and the discharge voltage using a mulimeter . the was a bit higher than expected and operating range , meaning the battery was short . under the circumstance , i changed my battery . inside 3 months i experinced the same problem again . the issue was traced out to the charger , which was sourcing by battery with a higher than expected voltage continously causing damage to the battery . proper solution , 1 . change the battery , it would have already been short by now . 2 . check the charger , ( i dont know to check , i approched a specialist for this ) , get it replaced if necessary . now my phone is about 3 year old with still awesome battery performance . only , issue at present is touch wiz ram hog , which wats up 80% of my ram even on first booth and wiping cache memory and disabling prebuilt apps which i dont use .
was the battery life decrease sudden , or has it been getting noticeably worse recently ? if so , might be time to get a new battery for your device . regarding the restart , are there any apps that you have installed recently that might have a bug or something leading to restarts ? when a phone reaches that age , i would personally root it and flash something like cm or slimbean , to get some solid battery life back out of the device ( i have personally flashed chameleonos on my s2 to get the best of both customization and battery ) .
try installing another player with support for many codecs , like vlc . if that one plays the video 's well your android device is ok and probably using a non supported codec .
mp4 is a container that can contain different video codecs , it sounds like your device is creating its videos using an unusual codec that not many other devices have loaded by default . as seth and hcpl have said vlc player can play almost any format and should be able to play your videos . if you want to know what codec is being used , then try opening the video in a codec identifying app like gspot , this should tell you exactly which audio and video formats and codecs are in your videos .
you only need to make sure that the chargers produce the same about of voltage and current . there should not be any issues with that .
in my opinion there is no harm to your device if the charger produce the enough voltage to charge the device . you have to keep in mind that the charger should not be low power producer as your device needed otherwise it will be harmful for that , but if the charger produce the same power or higher then it will be fine for device because if the charger produces high output voltage your device will only take how much it need .
it is almost certainly a software issue , i have read forum posts saying that the call gets dropped when apps/accounts try to sync over the data connection . as a temporary solution you can turn off account sync/background data . hopefully it will be fixed in 2.2 .
you can always go to the wi-fi settings menu where you connect to wireless networks and see if you are connected . you should see below the ssid the word " connected " if that is the case .
if you are connected with wifi , your mobile connection is automatically disabled .
there is not a specific place that it shows , but the wifi connection will take priority over the cellular data . if you wanted , you could perform a speedtest to check your service provider , but that should not be necessary . also , if you are worried about updates and whatnot using your cellular , the downloads will initiate on wifi ( if you have that option ) but they will continue on cellular if you lose the signal .
try betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you information on which apps/processes/services are initiating wakelocks , how many times they are doing it and how long they are keeping the device from going into a deep sleep . this may help you identify if it is an app or a system process that is going crazy and waking your phone when it should be idle . they both have free versions but i have only used the pro version so i am not sure if the free versions will accomplish the same thing .
try uninstalling some applications . the same thing happened to me and i fixed it by uninstalling my most recently installed app .
this happened to me , samsung galaxy s3 , was killing the battery . after chasing my tail wrt applications , i found a post about the power connector on the bottom of the phone . if it gets slightly bent down it will cause a problem ( short against something i assume ) and cause the screen to intermittently become active . take a non-conductive ( not metal ) thin piece of something and very gently move the power connector so it is centered in the hole where it sits . then try hooking up the power charger ; it is easy to move it too much , so the it can not plug in . the idea is to center the connector in the hole . if this looks beyond you , find your nearest friendly geek . fixes the problem immediately .
i am one of responsible developer of uzumapps . we developed app called " wakelock detector" ( wld ) for showing statistics of wakelock usage . it is an alternative app for betterbatterystats or gsam monitor . if your screen lightens up randomly , then i think some app is holding " full_wake_lock " with acquire_causes_wakeup flag , check : powermanager our app shows " full_wake_lock " statistics also , which will help you to determine the suspicious app . most probably it will be the currently running process . wld at googleplay
what worked for me was going onto my pc , opening gmail contacts , and deleting the contact photos one by one . then voila , the non-compressed pictures are back on my android .
apparently , this is fixed as of android 4.1 jelly bean : see the api overview for jelly bean and you find this :
this is due to a limitation of gmail more than anything . gmail only supports contact icons with a resolution of 64×64 , while ics supports up to 256×256 . when you give a contact an icon , android uploads that new contact icon to gmail . . . which then promptly downscales it . . . . and then android thinks you changed it to the low-res icon and uses that instead of the nice and pretty one you picked out .
i am not sure if your issue is the one i am addressing : gmail does not save anything bigger than 96x96 . so when your contacts are synced with gmail , they are downsized . if you wipe your phone and re-sync , the 96x96 photos will be downloaded to your phone . i could not find any solution but to write my own app , which uploads the high quality photos to picasaweb under a private album . give the app a try : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oxplot.contactphotosync
let 's get one thing clear , the contact resolution is still too damn low , even after the " fix " for 4.1 where the pictures were slightly enlarged . as of now , there is only one workaround if you want crisp contact pictures . create a folder with high resolution contact pictures . it is a great idea to backup this folder to dropbox or similar , you do not want to have to collect these pictures again . download hd contacts ( free ) from google play . this app will let you specify one " hd " ( high resolution ) contact picture for each contact . you can backup the database of contacts/apps from here , and you can redo all contact pictures in a batch when needed ( like after installing a new rom ) . until this is fixed server side and google allows the sync of shiny high resolution pictures , all we can discuss is workarounds , and this is the one i find to work the best .
you probably can not copy and paste the files , because the blank sd card does not have the same partition structure and filesystem flags . what you can do , though , is clone the original sd card onto the blank one . note : the new sd card must be the same size ( or larger ) for this to work . these instructions will make an exact copy , including partition structures , partition flags , and even disk fragmentation . it is an exact bit-for-bit copy . warning : this could mess up your computer . if you put in the wrong parameter for the of= part of the dd command , you could completely overwrite your main hard drive . make sure you triple-check the destination mountpoint . especially if you think the mountpoint is /dev/sda option 1: mount both cards at the same time if you can mount both sd cards at the same time , you can save a step and some time . insert the original sd card on your computer and find out the mountpoint of the original sd card . open up the Disks application click on your sd card in the list on the left . at the top right , just below the name of the sd card , it will list the mountpoint . it will look something like /dev/sdc or /dev/mmcblk0 or similar . insert the blank/target sd card on your computer and find its mountpoint ( using the same steps ) open a terminal ( aka command line ) run the following command , but replace original_mount with the mountpoint you found , and also replace the target_mount with the mountpoint of the blank card . <code> sudo dd if= original_mount bs=128m of= target_mount </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) . option 2: mount one card at a time if you only have one sd card reader , you will have to make an image of the original sd card , then swap the cards and write that image to the new sd card . insert the original sd card on your computer and find out the mountpoint of the original sd card . open up the Disks application click on your sd card in the list on the left . at the top right , just below the name of the sd card , it will list the mountpoint . it will look something like /dev/sda or /dev/mmcblk0 or similar . open a terminal ( aka command line ) run the following command , but replace original_mount with the mountpoint you found . <code> sudo dd if= original_mount bs=128m of=/tmp/sdcard . img </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) . remove the original sd card and insert the blank card . the mountpoint should be the same , but open the Disks app again just to make sure . run the following command , but replace target_mount with the mountpoint you found . <code> sudo dd if=/tmp/sdcard . img bs=128m of= target_mount </code> the command will not show any progress until it is finished , and it could take up to an hour , depending on the maximum size of the original sd card ( a 1gb will not take that long , but a 64gb might ) .
i can not say why you might have trouble duplicating an sd card , but there are a few things i can say , based on both reading and actual experience , that might be helpful : if you are talking about the original nook color , at least ( i am not sure whether or not there are later models still called " nook color " that work differently ) , rooting has nothing to do with it , since the device will boot from the sd card , presuming it is bootable , and not from the os on the internal storage . ( it is actually the os , not the device , that is " rooted " . ) an sd card that will boot and run on one nook color should , barring hardware problems , boot and run on any other , and a good copy of an sd card that works should also work and provide the same functionality as the origina . also , i can see no reason why an os , such as cm , that worked before to run a particular application will not be able , deprecated or not , to run the identical application with identical support files now .
you can not make the widget change from analogue to digital , but you can replace the analogue one from a digital one . hold your finger on the clock widget and drag it to the delete icon to remove it . then , to add a digital clock widget , go to the app drawer and click widgets , and find digital clock in the list . hold your finger on the digital clock to pick it up , and drag it where you like on the home screen .
android default browser uses webkit check out second paragraph : wikipedia webkit description
it looks like the cyanogenmod installation instructions for m7 are missing a section for flashing clockworkmod recovery onto the phone . right after you unlock the bootloader , you need to do the following : download and install android sdk tools from here ( expand the " download for other platforms " , and it should be under the " sdk tools only " section . ) download the latest version of clockworkmod recovery image from here . scroll down to " htc one " and select either the regular or touch recovery . save the .img file somewhere on your computer . download and install usb drivers for the phone . restart your phone in bootloader mode by turning it off , and then turning it on while holding the volume down button . connect the phone to your pc via usb cable . your pc should recognize it . open command prompt ( assuming windows here ) and navigate to the platform-tools subfolder of where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . cd C:\android-sdk\platform-tools ) ensure the connection works by issuing the following command : fastboot devices this should show you the serial number of your phone . if this returned nothing or gave you an error , something went wrong during usb driver installation . flash the recovery by using the following syntax : fastboot flash recovery [path-to-recovery.img-file] . for example : fastboot flash recovery c:\recovery-clockwork-touch-6.0.4.6-m7.img this sends the recovery image to your phone and flashes it . wait for the success message . issue the following commands : fastboot erase cache followed by fastboot reboot-bootloader your phone should reboot back into bootloader mode , and you should now be able to enter recovery and continue with flashing cm .
try solve it with the android toolkit wich helped me . boot it via the program itself ( boot stock . . . . ) . you might need to install the drivers first ( the program helps you with it ) . see more here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1809195
if your cell phone or other android device is always booting into safe mode , follow the steps below . remove any case or gel skin from the phone . if the case is pressing on the menu key it can cause it to load into safe mode . remove the battery and sim card ( if present ) from the phone . wait at least 30 seconds . with the battery still out of the phone plug the phone into its wall charger . place the battery and sim card back into the computer . turn the phone back on . while the phone is loading do not press any keys or buttons . after the above steps have been followed your phone should be able to load into normal mode each time you start the phone . if the phone continues to load into safe mode an app you have recently installed may be preventing the phone from loading normally . remove any recently installed app on the phone and try the above steps again . finally , if the phone continues to load into safe mode after following all of the above steps we suggest performing a master reset , which will reset the phone and erase all settings and software . source : http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch001362.htm
i had the same problem . spent a night to fix it . first i thought it to be a software issue . . browsed and tried infinite fixes . i tried re seating flex cable that connects the volume buttons and the motherboard . i tries to factory reset through boot loader . thought of flashing a different rom . dint work out for me . here is what worked for me . open the back panel of the tablet . https://www.ifixit.com/guide/nexus+7+power+%26+volume+button+cable+replacement/9926 flip up the retaining flap on the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' connecting to the mother board . do not pull out the cable now . be ready to pull out the cable . 3 . press the power button to switch on your tablet . 4 . the moment you see google logo , pull out ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . this will disconnect volume down key , which forces the tablet into bootloader . 5 . now the tablet is on in normal mode . 6 . plug the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' into its mother board socket . 7 . close the panel and enjoy using your tablet . be very careful with ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . a slight twist or bend will short the connections inside the cable . p . s : after powering on , try not to switch off the tablet . the volume down key might malfunction again and your tablet might go back to boot loader . charge it before the battery dies out . in worst case , you will have to repeat the above steps again . messing with the power keys cable is not always a good idea :d the volume down key and power key combination lets you to go into boot loader . so when volume down key is malfunctioning , your tablet might go for a toss . this could be for various reasons , a . volume key is abused b . volume key cable is damaged c . mother board is unable to supply enough power to volume keys . d . volume keys socket in the mother board is damaged .
if you know where the photo was taken then a desktop app that lets you edit the picture 's exif info , like microsoft 's pro photo tools , will let you add a geotag later . in pro photo tools it is as easy as using the built-in bing map viewer to put a pin on the map , no need to mess around with latitudes and longitudes if you do not want to . as for editing on the phone , i can se a lot of apps that let you view or erase the exif info , including plotting your pictures on maps , but can not see one that lets you add this info on the phone . you could use something like geologger to log your position on the phone , so that you can use that later on to add to photos if they have not been properly geotagged .
actually i found such an app , after a fair bit of searching . photo geolocator ( google code ) currently you can not look up locations via an address , so it only really works for nearby locations , but that is still better than having to edit images on a pc , imo .
the other answers ( except for matthew read 's original answer ) are completely incorrect . you can choose whether your installed apps are stored on the 1gb system memory or on the 15gb data memory . i have a nexus s and can confirm this is the case . you do not need a rooted phone or apps2sd to do this ; it is built-in to the standard build .
i believe the 1 gb is for the /system folder , which is not normally mounted via usb . the rest of the space is usable for your apps ! i have a galaxy s and this is how it works , plus there is an external sd card .
nexus s is only using 1gb of its 16gb memory for internal storage which only left 971mb for applications . this is very limited . i read this from test av google nexus s - a deep review in swedish .
uninstalling all play store ( market ) app updates fixed it for me . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications and uninstall the updates from the play store app . this will leave you with an older version of the app , which is probably named " market " . then you should be able to install or update apps . after a while the play store update will be installed once again , but you still will be able to install or update apps .
yes , you will have to manually switch to home profile when you come back home . its what you can find in classic mobile phones . if you want to automate it , there're plenty of apps for that : tasker + profile4tasker ( paid ) , automateit ( free ) , llama ( free ) , locale + profile4tasker ( paid )
i was looking for the same answers on the same question . this post from the cm team had all the answers i was looking for : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/enduser.profiles
as listed in http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/enduser.profiles ( already mentioned ) , the only support for automatic switching provided out-of-the-box with cyanogenmod is via clock ( alarms ) application . each alarm can also trigger a profile change . for wifi- , location- , etc- based changes you had have to use other options . some of them are also listed on the above wiki page .
when updating to 10.1.3 , the google maps icon becomes visible at the bottom of the profile being edited . there , you can select triggers based on joining a certain wi-fi network , etc .
actually with no additional applications , they can switch automatically say on a particular wifi connection/disconnection , but discovering that feature is hiding in a most non-intuitive location . at the bottom of the profile edit page hiding near your home button you will see a " google map " placemarker icon . click on it . that takes you to the trigger page , where you can set the profile to automagically activate/deactivate on wifi or bluetooth and i think nfc though i have never used that particular tech " feature " looking for a useful purpose .
mtp is the better option in most cases , since the protocol is actually designed for this use . ptp is offered as an alternative since macs do not understand mtp by default ( you need to install " android file transfer " on the mac to make mtp work ) . this protocol was designed for pcs to access photos from digital cameras , so it can only access the photos on the phone , and it might trigger a photo management app on the pc instead of a file manager . to learn more about why mtp was introduced , see my answer to why is android file transfer necessary ?
in short , your phone has a locked bootloader . there is no way to unlock it ( currently ) . what does that mean to you ? basically it means you can flash " roms " , but you cannot flash a new kernel on the phone . the kernel is what controls what clockspeed slots are available on your phone to over/underclock to . for example , if someone made a gingerbread rom for the milestone , you could flash it . but you will always be stuck with the same kernel that originally came with your phone . as far as i know , you should be able to use rom manager to flash roms on your phone so long as it is rooted . it is just that none of these roms will be able to change your kernel .
hardware wise , they are almost identical ( at least to some of the us versions of the galaxy s ) but there are some differences some of the differences are : the galaxy s has 3 hardware buttons ( menu , home and back ) , the nexus s has 4 ( back , menu , search and home ) . these are the buttons below the screen . the nexus s has slightly curved glass the nexus s has an nfc chip the nexus s does not have a microsd slot . the nexus s has a flash for the rear 5mp camera the galaxy s supports bluetooth 3.0 , nexus s , bluetooth 2.1 in terms of software : the galaxy s uses the samsung rfs for a lot of the file system , the nexus s uses ext4 ext4 performs a lot better then rfs does the galaxy s runs the samsung touchwiz 2.2 ( froyo ) modified version of android , the nexus s runs " stock " android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) here is a screenshot of the i9000
you can do this via wifi , using a remote management app like e.g. airdroid or , when on windows , myphoneexplorer . there are a lot more apps like this , and they give you the added benefit of being able to manage a lot of other things remotely -- as e.g. reading/writing sms , managing apps/contacts/ringtones , copying files between your device and your computer , and sometimes even backup stuff . most of them ( like the mentioned airdroid 1 ) start a web service on your device , which you then can access with your browser . this often looks like a " virtual pc " ( see screenshot below ) . others ( like here myphoneexplorer 2 ) have a native pc-client , which can even do more ( like here : synchronizing with outlook and others ) . airdroid managing pictures myphoneexplorer windows client
on some devices/roms most mount points seem to be defined in a special config file called /etc/fstab . in this case , you can ommit the device information and options , as they can be automatically determinded . however , other devices/roms use init scripts to create the mounts , and have the special options defined there ( cm7.2 on my motorola milestone seems to be one example for this ) . if you omit the device information here , you will simply get an error . so which variant to take very much depends on the device/rom . safest way is to first check how the file system in question is mounted ( e . g . using mount |grep system to show it for the /system mount point ) , and then adapt this information for your use .
android uses by default toolbox , if you want you can use busybox instead . i have not found documentation except a string in the binary saying Usage: %s [-r] [-w] [-o options] [-t type] device directory and the toolbox/mount . c , which is at http://gitorious.org/android-enablement/system-core/blobs/bc7b0cbe156da639f0cbe17bf89725d87e86512a/toolbox/mount.c
as liam pointed out , ota updates tend to " remove " root access -- and most likely they also patch the places used by known root exploits to prevent future rooting . one thing he recommended was flashing back the old firmware , and root it the way you did -- which is a common way to obtain root . from there on you have basically two choices to update and still keep root : flash a custom rom , or ( if you want to go with stock ) take a look at ota rootkeeper : free tool trying to protect root across manufacturer 's ota updates . also serves as temporary un-root ( see statement ) ( for more details , see the app 's description in the playstore ) .
the oem update will have caused by you are to lose root due to the fact that stock rom 's are not rooted . this update will have most likely blocked the use of simple rootkit exploits , which is how all of the one click root solutions work . it your oem upgrade was to ics , then google blocked rootkits in version 4.0 onwards . if it was not an upgrade to ics or later , then oem has patched the os for all of the common exploits . if this is the case , then the only way to root you device would be to do we fastboot to flash a rooted boot . img file , or the old firmware so you can use a one click here root solution again . it is generally recommended that once you have rooted , you do not use oem updates for this reason .
it means that an app with the same app id is already installed in your phone . for eg : if there is an app with id com . example . app and you try to install another apk with same id it will give that message .
no , it is not . a windows rt bootloader would have to be leaked and customised for the tf201 , would like to see it as well though ; - )
windows rt is based on entirely different system altogether - right from the bootloader up to user interface . also , windows rt is proprietary so there is a fat chance that the code would be available to make it work . what about : booting mechanism kernel drivers for the chip-set support there is far too many to mention , and quite possibly would require a re-write for it to adapt to the asus tf02 ! : ) this is equivalent to asking if apple ios can be loaded on a android handset and vice versa , in plain simple word , the answer is no - nigh on impossible and there would be so much hackery to get it to work , let alone boot .
the obvious solution would be to use a device that has both ethernet and wi-fi as a router or a bridge . if it joins the same wi-fi network that the nexus 7 is on , then the nexus 7 will be able to make a connection through the router/bridge to your mystery device , while also talking to the internet through the same wi-fi network . alternatively , if the nexus 7 is on 3g , switch on its wi-fi hotspot and have the router/bridge connect to that . i do not know if any commercially available special-purpose wi-fi routers have the ability to act as a client rather than an ap , but this would be easy to rig up with a raspberry pi or similar small linux machine .
connect your sd card to your pc and execute one of the 2 programs you prefer to recover your data : http://www.recovermyfiles.com/data-recovery-software-download.php http://www.piriform.com/recuva
i would not advice this , you can see other questions on here about people asking if they can use different model numbers on their phone and everyone says no . a suggestion to you would be the following , go on the xda website here link and type in your phone and model number into their search bar . from there you should be able to click on their forum for android development , from there you can select a custom rom to flash to your phone as you said you are new it is required to firstly root your phone before flashing a new rom , as you have not provided your phone model i cannot give you a direct link on how to root your phone , if you can update this detail i could find you a link afterwards . also if you decide to root your phone flash a custom rom please note that it is your risk , doing so will void your warranty and if you end up with a bricked device ( not working ) i or anyone giving instructions in any links you use cannot be help responsible . with regards to the problem with only sending a sms if it is 80 char or less , i am not 100% sure as i have not experimented with various different custom roms but there may be a option that you can select to try and fix it , personally i would post another question on this website just for that issue all the best
i think you will need a pc to achieve it as a media . first , android to pc , then , sync the files from pc to ipad via itunes . probably you should take this guide : how to transfer data from ipad to android
just another alternative to the ones they mentioned is bump bump is available for ios and android this app lets you share selected files by bumping your phones/tablets side by side . this requires both phones connected on the same wifi network . can also share files on your computer by going to a url and bumping with the space bar . if setup properly , it will be very convenient to use .
try using airdroid , works for me
the best way is to use the fast file transfer app from google play . it is really good , and you do not need internet .
if you have access to a computer , it might be easier to connect the galaxy tab and ipad to it via usb , mount both for file access ( not sure how this is done in apple world , but most android tablets and phones come with built-in features for accessing storage via usb , ) copy the files off the source device , and then copy them to the target . if you need to do this over wireless connection and have access to the internet ( either via cell data or wi-fi , ) third-party apps might be an easier solution . for example dropbox is free , available for both android and ios , but has a 300mb file size limit . google drive is another alternative , with a free 5gb storage , apps on both operating systems , with file size limit of 10gb each . there are a myriad other similar services that are available on both platforms , but all of them require internet connectivity , and usually an account . for direct device-to-device transfers there are fewer choices . airblue uses bluetooth connectivity on both ios and android devices for file transfer . unfortunately it is only available for jailbroken iphones via cydia store . here is another walk-through for file copying over wi-fi , but this requires for both android device to be rooted , and the ios device to be jailbroken . instructions from here are a bit dated , but do not require any rooting or jailbreaking of your devices , just a few apps that are freely available on google play store and itunes store .
sharable is a free to use smartphone and tablet and computer application that brilliantly facilitates file sharing between multiple operating system types . using this app , you can share files between phone/tablet running ios and android ; file can be share amongst phone/tablet or to and from computer running mac as well as windows . you can install the app on each of your devices and view the connected ones in your app’s dashboard . the next step is simply to decide which files to share and have them transferred over wifi . remember that the devices you use for transfer should all be connected over the same local wi-fi network . http://sharable.in/
have you considered uploading the documents to google docs and using the android google docs app in the tablet ? we use this system to allow mobile devices to access shared documents and work pretty well . i you combine this with google cloud connect you can edit the documents directly from office when you are at the office or from google docs when you are away .
i have mobisystems officesuite 5 for my android ( phone , not tablet though ) . but i have never had any problems editing files , saving them and then opening them in office 2007 and 2010 . it does not have a save as pdf , but it does let you save in either . doc or . docx formats for word , xls and xlsx for excel , and . ppt and pptx for powerpoint
if there is nothing better , adobe has a free-to-use ( except your doc't goes to their site : slight privacy risk ) conversion web app ; see their main site . .
as i have just discovered , the latest cyanogenmod 10 nightlies have this feature . unfortunately it does not ever display an on-screen menu key . as a workaround , i mapped long-press of the menu key to its old function .
you could try using adb to change the device back to dalvik . however , you will need to have had usb debugging enabled . if you can not do the below , a factory reset may be your only option . android debug bridge ( adb ) a prgram made by google for programmers and developers . its based on command line and basically communicates with your android to respond to certain commands . setting up adb pre requirements:- pc java runtime environment or java development kit your device drivers an android device usb debugging must be turned on in the device for adb to see it . if you are having trouble completing pre-requisites , there are several guides featuring them . first download android sdk . there may be any compressed zip file or exe file if zip file , then extract it to c:\android-sdk if exe file then double click on it and install it in c:\ drive ( or any other drive you want ) now to get adb and other tools , you need to download ' platform tools ' to download them , go to the android-sdk folder and double click on sdk manager it will ask you which package to download ? however , it is your choice which package to download , but here , we will only talk about platform tools . so , simply tick on platform tools and click on install . once you have done it . go to the platform-tools folder in the directory where you installed android-sdk . you will find several files there like adb , fastboot , aapt , etc now , you can backup the whole folder of android-sdk to any external storage that will make you not download package again if you want to . you can have it placed in any computer and run it as it does not require registry to work now , you are just one step away from using adb . next step is skipping setting environment variable ( if you however want to set environment variables . click on show content ) you can easily append the sdk platform-tools and tools folder to your systems environmental path variable directly from command line ( cmd ) by simply issuing one command and performing a system reboot : SETX PATH "%PATH%;SDK_Install_Path\platform-tools;SDK_Install_Path\android-sdk-windows\tools" -m just replace the " sdk_install_path " in the above with the proper path of your sdk installation . example : c:\android-sdk-windows type cmd in the search bar . copy cmd . exe from there . go to the directory where you have installed android-sdk . go to platform-tools folder . paste cmd there , right click on it and in the settings , select run as administrator . to change back to dalvik : adb shell 'echo libdvm.so &gt;/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib' 
you can disable notifications all together and check facebook when you want to check it .
you could always install titanium backup ( a great app to have ) or app manager ( was just released today by jrummy ) and " freeze"/"unfreeze " the app when you want it to run or not run . this is a very quick/simple/painless operation and there is absolutely no chance for it to run ( taking up resources or draining battery ) while it is " frozen " - it just takes up a bit of storage space is all .
as the person before me said , a good way to do it would be to install titaniumbackup pro ( it is a really great app , can not recommend it enough , and the market commenters seem to agree ) and set up a label called facebook which only contains the face book app . then , create 2 widgets ( one that freezes on one that defrosts facebook ) . it is a bit clunky and takes up 2 home screen cells but it is guaranteed to work : )
volume limiter i stumbled upon your question googling the same thing
there is an option to minimize the unlock section by default in the lock screen section of the settings app . maximize widgets show widgets maximized and the unlock minimized when the screen is turned on .
since i cannot comment on a reply to my own post , i will answer it saying that user ai e . nailed it . i have already done that , and would love to help other users do the same . i have succesfully installed it on an amd processor on a dell computer -- if anyone needs help like i did , just let me know .
i am not sure about manufacturer skins like samsung 's touchwiz , but aosp has the feature you are looking for . in google 's contacts app , for any contact entry , there is an option to send ' all calls to voicemail ' . when someone rings you with this enabled , it will ring for 5 to 15 seconds and , of course , go straight to voicemail . alternatively , you may want to look at this app . i have not tested it , so i cannot confirm that the behaviour between the two is identical .
this is a network function and no app will be able to perform the behaviour you are looking for . at best , you can create a custom " silent " ringtone for a known number . else , if you had prefer pressing the volume buttons will usually mute the ringing while giving the dialler the perception that the call remains unanswered .
that would be more of carrier dependent and network related , plus , the programmatic api is not well documented hence a lot of third party call blocking apps , inevitably , do send a reject/hangup upon receiving a blacklisted number . what the op is asking for , is actually , going down deeper into the nuts and bolts of telephony layer which is blocked off due to : proprietary nature of the binary supporting code that enables gsm/cdma telephony . proprietary chipset used for gsm/cdma communications at a low-level . if that was available and documented , there would be a lot of call-blocking apps on the play store , that can do the call-screening in the proper way that would be expected of . edit as an afterthought to this answer , a vital part should be noted - google blocked the MODIFY_PHONE_STATE permission in gingerbread 2.3.7 onwards ( it was available on earlier versions of android ) , see this issue which annoyed developers of those third party call blocking software , thus call-block will fail on newer versions of android , that permission is what enabled third party apps to send a reject/hangup upon receiving said blacklisted number .
short answer i would not recommend deleting the folder itself , but it should be pretty safe to delete its content ( i.e. . the files inside ) . i am just afraid you will not be able to do so – unless you have root access on your device . explanation core dumps ( on some android devices also called " tombstones " , which somehow explains their purpose ) are generated when an app crashes ( or force-closes ) . they usually contain a complete dump of the memory that app was using , plus some additional information – and are intended for debugging purposes ( to provide the developer with information about the state the app was in when it crashed – hence " tombstones " , describing the " dead of a process" ) . the system itself does not need them at all , so deleting them should be pretty safe . however , depending on implementation , the system might rely on the fact the folder is there – so removing the folder along might have " negative side-effects " ( should not , but who knows ) . as an empty folder is not using up any space , it should not hurt to keep it . on the other hand : as its only purpose is collecting those " crash reports " , and as they probably will not go anywhere either : who cares whether " writing those crash-logs crashes " ? ; )
i just turned off the vibration intensity for notifications . see : settings > sounds > vibration intensity > notification
this is for galaxy nexus , but if you long press the power button , it should create a prompt that allows you to switch between silent mode , vibrate mode , and sound mode .
you can not put the device in silent mode using the volume hard keys . presumably the designers thought it was more commonplace to set the device to vibrate only . to make the s iii completely silent , pull down the notification panel , tap the sound shortcut at the top to switch it to vibrate , then tap it again to switch it to mute . ( a third tap sets it back to * sound . ) if you have removed that shortcut from the notification panel , you can add it again . open the settings app , click display , then notification panel . there you can long-tap to pick up sound from the available buttons list , and drop it in notification panel .
push pause and the back key . also make sure in your settings your phone is set up to automatically close out of inactive apps . you will save a lot of data .
in android it is not necessary to stop and close apps manually . android manages the state of applications in the background , when an app is not actively performing a task . if the device needs memory for a new application , android closes the least active app still in the background to make room for it . as a result if you open an application that was still in the background , it can now open much faster . in the case of spotify , it remains paused in the background until you open it again , or the device needs memory for another application . more information here : http://lifehacker.com/5650894/android-task-killers-explained-what-they-do-and-why-you-shouldnt-use-them
while i do not know how to kill motoblur , if you are rooted you can use titanium backup to remove the crappy system apps that run all the time . just open titanium , click the offending app , and click uninstall . only remove apps that are not needed for the system to run , of course .
it looks like someone has finally managed to get cyanogenmod 7 ( android 2.3.7 gingerbread ) ported to charm and flipout phones ( they are very similar in hardware . ) this thread over at xda has all the details : first of all your device should be rooted with superoneclick or any other method ( if you do not know how to do it search on google ) download flipout system recovery from the market . download cm7 rom here . https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download download google apps here https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download put both the cm7 rom and the google apps on the root of the sdcard . open flipout recovery and select install recovery system . grant it superuser permission . after that select recovery boot wipe data , cache and open advanced and wipe dalvik cache select " install zip from sdcard " - " choose zip from sdcard " - select the cm7 rom and go to - yes - and wait until finish installation , then use the same procedure to install the google apps . repeat step 7 again . reboot and enjoy cm7 . i am happy to report that this tutorial works , and completely replaces the motoblur firmware of motorola charm with cyanogenmod 7 . it is not perfect ( rotation is " sticky " , there is no way to disable the back-track , etc . ) but it functions well enough to be considered " working " .
you can certainly install the amazon app store app on the emulator . first go to the settings and allow installation of apps from unknown sources , then open the browser and download this app . this will download the app store . apk , which you can then install . however , if you are planning to download and run angry birds ( or other games ) , on the emulator , you will probably find it is too slow unless you have a very fast pc . it might work ok for less demanding apps . also , beware that at the moment amazon only permits us users to download apps ( see how can i get apps from the amazon app store from an unsupported region ? ) .
you can basically upgrade the same way as the original installation ( flash the new rom from recovery ) . the general rule is : do a complete wipe for major releases , but just clear the caches for minor releases . see this cm forum topic .
cyanogenmod 11 has a built-in mechanism for checking for updates . go to Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; CyanogenMod updates there you can toggle when your device will query for an update and on what release channel ( release and development being stable and nightly respectively ) . when an update will appear click on it is icon to download and install , from there , it will do everything for you .
having the free go launcher ex installed , you can install go launcher jelly beans theme , also free , and fully personalize your backgrounds . ultra clean , sharp app drawer with free replaceable backgrounds to change app drawer background : press menu > pref > visual settings > backgrounds > app drawer background > go theme background
in short , the phone will still have the android os as ' flashing to cricket ' is not in reference to the rom or operating system . the seller may be referring to moving the phone off of verizon as the carrier to cricket , another cdma mobile carrier in the us . this seems to be a normal process as cricket does not have the expansive collection of android compared to that of verizon wireless . here are a few thread topics explaining this - http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/82397-flashing-htc-droid-incredible-cricket.html http://androidforums.com/cricket/232152-flashing-phone-verizon-cricket.html hope that helps !
i would suggest asking the seller which android os version the rom they flashed is based on .
i am looking for one that hides the detail of how a message was sent to a given contact or number as well as possible . i am not quite sure what you mean by that . do you mean you want it to not say whether it came through sms vs . facebook ? anyway , there are numerous apps for this purpose . some ideas : go sms pro plus the facebook chat plug-in im+ yuilop heywire pinger
the new facebook messenger released last week integrates sms and facebook messages in the same app .
if it is done like on the galaxy nexus , just open the folder , tap the text Unnamed folder and write your own label : )
try feedly on the play store ; )
after posting the question here , i contacted all the different developers of google reader apps on the android market that i could find . so far only one developer has answered whose app does exactly what i am looking for , but 1 is good enough ! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.droidlab7.reader.pro i have tried it out on a gawker media rss feed ( deadspin ) and cbc sports news , works perfectly and fetches the full article , no more annoying browser pop up ! in the top right corner there is a button that executes the " mobilizing " functionality , which is the scrape that i was looking for . if/when i hear back from other developers i will post it up more links .
my app full feed does 50% of this and is free . it can fetch full content of rss feeds on android , but has no google reader sync yet .
newsrob pro also fetches the full feeds . you can choose between readability and some other methods . it works but i am not a huge fan , it was just the best one that i found ( i did not try d7 though ) .
hi i personnaly use greader which has an integrated browser that lets you load the article inside the reader ! no need to open a new browser window , it is a no-friction process !
take a look at this article . i think what you are looking for is " restrict background data . " keep the tethering app in the foreground and every other app will be starved of connectivity . restrict background data : this option prevents all apps and services from using data in the background . apps that depend on background data won’t work how you’d expect them to – for example , gmail won’t automatically download new messages in the background if you enable this option . http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/why-you-dont-need-third-party-apps-to-manage-background-data-use-in-android-jelly-bean/
try android firewall from the play store . you could create a " white list " that starts off with denying all network activity for all apps , to which you had then allow just your tethering to go through . then , when you want everything to go through again , just disable the firewall . . . or better yet create another white list that you can switch to .
hey tolomea . i could not find a widget that could do all that but i did find this app that can . world watch is an advanced world clock for an editable list of locations around the world . includes sunrise , sunset , dawn and dusk times for the current or a given calendar date . also includes weather conditions and a 4-day forecast . i have not used it since it is a paid app but looking at the description and the screenshots it looks like it can do everything you have asked for . i do not believe it is a widget but having a single icon on your home screen to launch it would be just as easy as having widgets . world watch
i am favoriting this question . i just installed diviclock widget this morning--http://www.appbrain.com/app/diviclock/divi.clock. it does not tick all of your boxes , but it has a 1x1 widget option ( which i wanted and saves a great deal of space ) plus the date ( also something i wanted ) , and you can have multiple instances for your different time zones .
you could take a look at systempanel 1 or system tuner 2 . both let you monitor your ressource consumption ( not only battery ) , and ( at least in their respective pro versions ) also offer to do so in background , collecting data for later evaluation . system tuner 2 also offers a bunch of nice widgets 3 for your homescreen , if you need to watch things for a while . edit : after seeing mihic 's comment above , i noticed i missed another important point : while up to froyo , " dialing " the magic number *#*#4636#*#* brought up a nice system menu ( it still does that part ) including many battery stats , the latter ( battery stats ) have been removed since gingerbread . if your device is rooted , betterbatterystats can bring those back -- and do a great deal to help you identifying battery hogs : these two screenshots show you the most important information betterbatterystats provides : which apps used the most battery power while the device tried to sleep 3 -- and those who kept the device awake 4 , preventing deepsleep and such " powersave mode " . just helped me getting 20% more battery out of my device ; )
turning the wifi on and off is more energy efficient than leaving it on all the time . i cannot think of a way to statistically prove this since the power consumption is influenced by other factors . for better battery life i can recommend greenify , turn off all location services and disable the " always allow network scan " in the wifi settings .
as you already pointed out in your question , it is a matter of intervals . of course , turning it off-and-on like a cars indicator light is more power consuming than simply leaving it on – and turning it off for 12 hours does really save juice . the matter is to find the right " interval " . not quite up-to-date anymore , but still sufficient for the " raw estimate": about two years ago i have posted a table with some consumption data , using two devices as reference . let 's average the values a little and assume they have changed " for the better " , so we can say : wifi in standby uses about 10 mw wifi downloading uses about 800 mw wifi uploading uses about 400 mw wifi searching for a nearby ap to connect to , including the entire process , must be somewhere in between ( no values in my table or their sources ) , but i would assume at least 200 . . 400 mw here – as like with cell signal , it needs to fully power up to scan the area for available ssids . let 's further assume the connect process takes about 5 . . 10s , just to have some numbers to juggle with : 5s &times ; 200 ms = 1.000 units ( minimum power-up consumption ) 10s &times ; 400 ms = 4.000 units ( maximum power-up consumption ) 10s &times ; 10 ms = 100 units ( maximum standby consumption ) by those numbers ( being just raw estimates , not scientific calculations ! ) , results would be : 100 . . 400 seconds are the minimum " disconnected time " for your described " toggle " to not consume more juice than staying in standby . toggling would thus make sense only for breaks of about 10 minutes and up . for a similar calculation , you might be interested in 2g versus 3g : does it really save battery ? : ) to avoid misunderstandings : as dan correctly pointed out in the comments , i have omitted a lot of details here . i was aware of that : the above is nothing but an idealized number-juggling , which should show that even at best circumstances permanent toggling is no good idea . calculating " exact numbers " which are at the same time " absolute " is impossible , as too many factors play a role here : noone expects wifi idling at 10 mw with the connection lost . it will certainly " power up " on a search for available networks . plus the points dan mentioned : many apps that perform network operations in the background use a broadcast receiver to run when the network connection comes up . if you are actually connecting to a network each time you turn the wi-fi on , all these apps will run , drawing more power . on each " toggle on and connect " , that is – while they would not do so at all otherwise , or at least at very lower intervals if the wi-fi was on all the time , the same apps might run more or fewer times to update or sync data . this very much depends on the apps installed/used if you are waking the device up and/or turning the screen on just to turn on wi-fi and check for messages , that'll use more power than the wi-fi itself . so please read my conclusion as " it makes no sense for time-frames smaller than 10 min " . the longer the interval , the more likely it makes sense – and the shorter , the less .
had the same problem with my kids profile . finally solved , but it required root grants ! this is what i did : close all running [ app ] instances . from command prompt start adb shell : c:> adb shell switch to root user ( your device must be rooted ) : shell> su go to in target profile directory : root> cd /data/user/ [ profile_user_id ] for example : profile_user_id==10 for first restricted profile . rename directory ( to have a back up copy ) root> mv [ app_dir ] [ app_dir ] . old copy app data from main profile ( id=0 ) to new profile : root> cp -r /data/user/0/ [ app_dir ] . change owner for files just copied : root> find [ app_dir ] | xargs chown [ app_user ] : [ app_group ] restart device ( not sure if it is really needed ) . hope this helps .
go to whatsapp settings> chat settings> delete all conversations
it is not hardware or even firmware . it is part-and-parcel of google play services , which is what google is using to try to free android users from the tyranny of oems and mobile carriers which do not provide timely os updates ( if at all ) . it is not quite an app , although it installs like one . it is a framework upon which other apps and services can be built . since google play services is needed by so many of google 's apps ( plus others , such as twitter ) if you have updated any of your apps in the last six months or so you have probably already got it .
as t0mm13b already described , on a fat system it is not as easy as setting some file permissions . but what you easily can do is use encryption on single files or entire directories . one of these ways is to use encrypted containers . you can think of them like password protected zip files -- only that you can access them transparently from any app , once you have opened them . an example would be eds , which uses containers in the popular truecrypt format . using this , you can even copy your containers to your workstation , and access them there : truecrypt is available across platforms , so e.g. on linux , macos , bsd , windows . . . if you do not care about using the encrypted " stuff " on your workstation , droidcrypt is another popular alternative , coming with a nice user interface . as you explicitly asked for " single files " , a last alternative to mention is filelocker , which lets you lock files separately . it also encrypts them -- but to be able to read them again , you must " unlock " each file separately . if you are looking for more alternatives : there are lots of encryption apps available on the playstore . some of them can handle single files only , some files and directories . some even encrypt entire " volumes " ( i.e. . the entire " disk" ) . many of them require root -- the two i picked here should not .
short answer : maybe . long answer : the sdcard is formatted with the legacy msdos fat16 filesystem , which enables compatibility for the most part , largely majority with the windows platform , not to mention linux and others . it is for that reason , there is absolutely zero mechanism within that filesystem from a security standpoint . that is the trade-off with legacy filesystem and interchangeability with different desktop systems . however , the alternative may be , is to format the sdcard to use one of the variety of linux only filesystems where you can put permissions on each directory to prevent it from being browsable . notably , ext3fs or ext4fs ( extended filesystem 3rd and 4th edition respectively ) . that you might get away with but could induce side effects with the stock android applications such as gallery , music player . the one thing that springs to mind , albeit from a technical view-point , would be , to have a android service running in the background that is monitoring file access to those files in question and the service could trigger a rudimentary dialog box prompting for the password based on the list of files the service can monitor based on your choosing . a bit of quick google-fu yielded this hit on this app that might be the very thing you are looking for . with veryandroid file protector , you can pick files and folders on your android phone or computer to protect with password . actually , that is what i have mentioned above ! well , reading the reviews , some disgruntled people felt they were cheated out of it , its free for 48 hours and having to pay a premium price - 19.95 accordingly to the review !
these apps are not hidden . they were not meant to be launched . the example you mention - phase beam - is a live wallpaper . to use it long-press on your homescreen and select live wallpaper . there're many others that can not be accessed by the end user . they are meant to be used by another . usually to provide a feature in a plugin form .
the minimalistic text widget app allows you to launch any activity ( android speak for program ui module ) when you press it . within the settings for the widget you can get to a list of all activities in the system .
check if your charger 's current or voltage is not higher than what your phone is supposed to accept . i had similar issues before with generic ( chinese ) android chargers .
on twrp recovery , tap Reboot and then System
open the phone app and open the call history tab . ( icon is a clock . ) if you are using google voice tap the word " inbox " at the top of the screen and it will pull down a menu of the different boxes for gv ( e . g . , text , missed , received , etc . )
first turn on auto update in the main settings of the play store . then , you will have to manually open each app in the app store , and un-select auto-update . this will be a painful task , especially if you have more than a handful apps . tested on play store 4.5.10
yes , it is possible , but very time-consuming . open the google play store , go to menu -> settings . tap on the " auto-update apps " and select one of the two " auto-update apps " options to enable it . go back , then go to " my apps " section , locate the app you want ( e . g . anti-virus app that you mentioned ) and tap on it once . now tap the menu button and the first option should be the " auto-update . " ensure the checkmark is present for this app . for all other apps that you have installed , you will need to follow steps 3 and 4 , but this time disable the " auto-update " setting by unchecking it .
yes , it works on droid x on verizon ( although the app might have unrelated issues ) : http://androidforums.com/1208709-post1.html
it does not apply to google maps navigation afaik but you should ask this specific question to your local verizon dealer . for instance , i use google maps navigation on my htc droid incredible and a friend uses it on the motorola droid , each with verizon ( but again , be sure to ask before you buy the phone ) .
i had a droid 1 for about a year . google maps works great . recently switched it out for a samsung fascinate . the fascinate comes with verizon navigator pre-loaded . but i downloaded and installed the google maps without any issues . i do not pay for the verizon navigator application at the additional $10.00 a month . i also have used titaniumbackup to " freeze " lots of the preloaded programs from verizon . have had zero issues with doing that . the fascinate had an issue with the gps taking a while to lock on , but it has recently been addressed in a software update . using google maps and navigation is something that i use daily .
do you have your contacts backed up ? try uninstalling facebook if that is installed . if this does not fix your problem then try the following . settings> applications> system applications> contacts sync adapter and press clear data , this error usually goes away . if this does not work , try clearing the data on settings> applications> system applications> contacts or settings> applications> system applications> contacts storage .
when the market re-upates itself . goto : settings > applications > manage applications > market and select ' clear cache ' now go back into the market and re-signin with your market account . see if this helps .
i was annoyed by the exact same problem , so i have programmed an app that automatically saves your wallpapers and your live wallpapers too . it makes it easy to revert to a previous wallpaper . it is called wallpaper saver and it is free in the play store . ( it does not require root access . )
i am not sure if it is the same on older systems , but on ics it appears to save directly to /data/data/com.android.settings/files/wallpaper . i set mine from the browser , pulled that file , then changed it to a . png extension and viola - it was the image i had set . it also appears that this file simply gets overwritten when you change your wallpaper , so i do not see a way to recover one once it is changed unless you have a copy of the image somewhere else . this also appears to be where it is saved on cyanogenmod 7 , so it is possible that this is the " standard " location ( certainly a good place to check , at least ) .
you might try doing a manual update .
others are reporting similar issues . is your build number 4.06 , 4.08 or other ? i would suspect that if you missed the initial rollout you will have to wait a bit , since they would want to do it gradually and not overload the network . you might get prompted again later or they might enable manual upgrades at some point . verizon says you can update over wi-fi , though again it looks to be an automatic thing rather than manual , but maybe you will get a second notification if you connect to wi-fi .
go into wifi settings > ( press and hold ) the preferred network connection > ( click ) modify network config > ( check ) show advance options > ( select ) static ( instead of dhcp ) > [ under dsn 1 and dsn 2 enter your choice ) > ( click ) save this will work for wifi . i do not think it will change the dns provided by your phone carrier . when you specify static you are overriding the dhcp distribution of the router . you would have to specify an ip address outside of the specified automatic range pool
according to mobyware there is a stylish-custom addon available for the mobile firefox . the page also mentions you need the stylish addon itself to make it work -- however , i could not find that . the compatibility list starts with android 2.0 and goes up through the version to 4.0 ( ics ) , a list of compatible devices is available as well . moreover , some discussions on userstyles . org seem to mention some availability for android , you might want to check them out . not sure if it works , i did not try myself as i do not use the mobile firefox -- but you might give it a try .
stylish 1.3b1 adds support for firefox mobile .
there is stylish add-on for the dolphin browser .
in the twitter app . . . tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose " settings " tap the account ( your username , not general ) you want to change under " notification indicators " tap " ringtone " choose the ringtone you want to use for twitter notifications for this account
i assume you are talking about removing icons from one of the home screens on your phone ? if you long press on the home screen , or press Menu -&gt; Add to Home you can select from various options to re-add items to the home screen . i suspect the icons you are talking about would be under Widget . a little more information about your phone would help people to identify exactly which widgets you are talking about , and where to find them on your phone . for example , if your phone is an htc and is running the default os you can find all sorts of widgets for wi-fi , gprs , gps etc in Menu -&gt; Add to Home -&gt; Widget -&gt; Settings , or the ' power control ' widget can also control many of these functions .
as long as the material of your clothes or bag contains no metallic element that could block the gps signal then your phone should be able to receive a gps signal fine while in your bag or pocket . i use the htc desire almost daily to record gps tracks , and generally keep it in my jacket pocket and have noticed no problems with the gps positioning . those problems i do have are related to travelling through built up areas or in buildings . you should remember that gps can be less accurate in dense urban areas as the receiver may be able to see some sky , but that patch of sky may not contain enough gps satellites for a direct fix . the signal may also be affected by weather , particularly humidity . have you tried any other applications , as it could perhaps be the app that is causing the poor performance you are seeing . for recording running i can particularly recommend runkeeper , i have been using it for six months now and it works really well , plus has some really good online features . for general gps recording the my tracks app is also pretty good . i would suggest trying a couple of different apps and comparing the results . if they are all showing gaps or jumps in the gps track then it may well be something to do with the way you are using your phone ( or the area you are in ) .
as far as i am aware , there really should not be any other settings which are affected by the ota . in fact , android central has a thread where people are compiling a list of new features and apps along with reported issues and bugs . they have put this ( losing your alarms ) in their list of bugs . it looks like it also broke netflix and wireless-n support , for what it is worth .
i am afraid there is not really a " one-stop solution " . as you already noticed , all the different backup types have different goals , all of them have their pros and cons ( see also our backup tag-wiki for an overview ) : while a nandroid backup covers the entire system at partition-level , it is not the easiest when you want to only restore parts . on its own , it is an all-or-nothing . luckily , there are other tools which can deal with those backup files : you can restore single apps with titanium backup , and even read single files from them ( see : how do i view/mount nandroid file on device ? ) . titanium backup covers almost everything on an app-and-settings level , and can read from nandroid backup files -- but it cannot create a full nandroid backup . also , restore between different roms can be a little tricky ( but that applies to all solutions ) , at least when it comes to system files . still , it does a good job even then when using its " migration mode " adb backup is a good thing , but only available with android 4.0 upwards and also restricted to " apps and settings " . additionally , it requires a computer to attach the device to for backup/restore . the latter can be avoided using apps like helium - app sync and backup , which run directly on the device and use adb as backend . i found the best solution on rooted devices is a combination of nandroid ( offered e.g. by clockworkmod recovery ) and titanium . for non-rooted devices , choices are rare : neither of the two are available there , which leaves the user with adb backup as the only half-way complete solution .
i just found out there are actually 2 versions of the zte v790 the 512mb ram international version that is posted in gsmarena and the lower cost 256mb ram version mostly sold to carriers if you believe you have been given the wrong unit , you should ask for a replacement from your carrier or from the store that you bought it .
the thing that many users do not understand ( partly because vendors choose to advertise total ram chip size ) is that the physical memory chip capacity is shared between different parts of the soc - namely application processor and baseband processor . so the amount of memory available to your applications is what is left from the original 512mb after modem , then android itself and preloaded system apps get their share . you can not judge the user experience by this amount anyway . ics has better memory management but reports lesser amount of available memory than gb on the same hardware .
you could simply use a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) and run the command free this example is taken from my motorola milestone 2 , which is supposed to have 512mb ram . check with alex 's answer what might make the difference here : my output shows 476mb total ram . using above command at least you can know for sure how much ram you have got to work with .
about your concerns : connection on air there is nothing that a log out at the end of every session would improve . if you do not use the email client , it will not transfer any data . and if you use it , it will query the server for new email etc . if the client would perform a log out at the end of every use , it just had establish a new connection again . conclusion : data related to the e-mail connection will be the same time on air if you do not use log out as when your e-mail client would log out every time . no gain here . just make sure that you have enabled a secure encryption . bandwidth you are right , that polling is the worst thing that could happen . but not from a bandwidth perspective . polling is just a quick packet asking " is there something new " and the server replying " no " or " yes and here is the data " . the data would be send later on anyways , so no big bandwidth consumption . it is more the battery life that should concern you , when you have a polling e-mail client on android . that said , trust the google engineers to build a e-mail app that tries everything to reduce battery consumption . if you use gmail you are safe , because the email app will use push notifications for new e-mails . if you use an imap account it depends on the server if it support the imap idle extension . if you use pop3 you are doomed , because it is a plain polling protocol .
this problem is a known bug in android 2.1 ( do not know if it is still present in newer versions ) . there is not much that you can do except being careful not to send too big emails . from my experience , it will eventually be sent but it can take up to a day . be careful because it will block all the emails you sent after the large one ! it seems they need to be sent in the order they were created . a solution to this problem is to use the dropbox application , to upload your pictures to dropbox , to " long press " on the filename , then " share . . . " and " share a link " by email to your recipients . this will only send a link by email so the message will not block as it does with large files .
do not worry vinit , one of the standard way for payment gateways ( including google checkout and paypal , paisapay etc ) to validate your account is by deducting a small amount ( typically 1 usd or an approximate equivalent 50 inr ) and returning it in next few days . please wait for few days and while doing so , please observe for any reversal of 50 inr . if you see a credit to your payment account then all fall in order .
touiteur has been updated today and now has filtering . please note that this feature may just be the paid version . i will update this answer with a link and qr code when i have confirmed those details . edit : it would seem that filtering is not a premium feature . the filtering can be found under the mute settings in touiteur -> more -> mute . you can choose to mute text ( inc . hashtags ) , users and apps ( sources ) . touiteur homepage
no - as far as i can tell you can not change the menu in an application ( unless that application specifically has that feature ) . you could try downloading another browser like opera , firefox 4 , or dolphin ( just to name a few ) . that being said , if you still want to use the default browser , you can " long-press " on the address bar and a context menu will pop up with the option to " share page " . you can use that instead . hope this helps .
install google maps . under settings from menu select ' edit home or work '
you mean that you want to see the content/folders of the internal memory let me say : yes it is possible . and that , being said , you cannot see all the data in your android phone . how is it possible ? it is a lengthy process tough . download eclipse+ android sdk from here . install and configure remaining packages by referring from here . enable usb debugging of your android phone/tablet : [ as in android 2.3 gingerbread ] Your Home Screen-&gt;Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Application Settings-&gt;Development-&gt;USB Debugging.  simply connect the phone to the data cable and the data cable to your pc . on among the top panels of the eclipse ide , you shall see ddms . click it and it shall show some tabs above . select to enable " file explorer " . . . all the nodes shown below are your internal memory files/ folders , but with some root limitations . in case your device is not shown in file explorer . navigate to= Drive:\ANY_FOLDER\adt-bundle-windows-x86\sdk\platform-tools\abd.exe using command prompt . enter : adb devices -l now you shall see the response as : List of devices attached Samsung Galaxy Ace device  if you see it : go to ddms tab in eclipse ide . the folders are shown . if you cannot : then thats all what is possible and you have to suffice your curiosity till this point ! and the only alternative remains is rooting the device which can dangerous .
i have bad news : it almost impossible to get data from your internal storage if your mobile does not turn on . first we need to know more about the problem : what do you mean under not turn on ? does it light up or no signal at all ? what if you plug it into the charger ? can you see any lights flash up ? can you get into recovery ? if none of the above happen , then i need to ask : is your important data stored on your sd card ? most apps store their user data on sd card so you can access them if you pull out your sd card and read from that . if you re-install android , you will lose your internal data so if you have lots of important things on your phone ( not your sd card ) you should not reinstall without backup colornote does not store your data internally but uploads to the cloud . see their faq
from the devices page , it does not seem like your phone is officially supported - http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices . as an alternative , see http://www.madteam.co/forum/development/%28development%29-cyanogenmod-7-1-%27galaxy5%27-port/ if you do manage to flash a custom rom , you can change back provided you use the roms supplied by http://samfirmware.com - not official , just a repository of original factory roms .
i like using rom manager for cm . if it is supported on your phone it will come up in the custom rom downloads list . however if you want a different rom , rom manager is not an all inclusive list , it just grabs the most popular , so do not treat this as the only place to go . cm is popular enough that it will be in the downloads list if it is supported by your phone , so if it is not there yet , just wait until it is . rom manager also allows you to back up your current rom ( i am not sure if you need root permissions , but if you are flashing a new rom you will have them ) , so just back up the factory rom using this app and if you ever need it just boot up into recovery and restore the rom .
i use netcounter . it separates the wi-fi data usage from the 3g/4g data usage , and so far it has been very accurate ( at least on the mobile data ) .
i use stats free app . it shows 4g data in addition to 2g/3g and wi-fi .
first , let me say that network data counting in android is not so easy , because there is no api which provides this information in a clean way . the app developers have to work with some linux internals and other issues . this is why most traffic counting apps do not work on every hardware/software combination . for exaple i had an app that worked with eclair but stopped working with gingerbread on my galaxy s . android introduced long term evolution ( 4g ) support with api level 11 ( honeycomb ) . most traffic counters read their volume information from the underlying linux network interface . afaik there are only two interfaces , one for wifi and one 2g/3g/4g , which means : it will be hard to monitor 4g data separated from 2g/3g if a app says it monitors 2g/3g it is very likely that this also includes 4g androids 4g api is relatively new . support , including separate traffic counting ( if it is possible ) , will hit the apps in the near future . here is an example listing that shows the interfaces and their traffic on my galaxy s . pdp0 is the mobile and eth0 is the wifi iterface :
as of now ( unless someone can correct me ) there is no app that will monitor sprint 4g wimax data . although , it can be found by calling information *4 from a sprint phone and pressing 4 to hear details of the individual phone use . the 4g data will be listed , and can be sent in a text message to the phone ( if desired ) by pressing 2 .
a quick search brought up this article at http://blog.laptopmag.com/how-to-edit-video-with-movie-studio-on-your-android-tablet . while i do not have a tablet , i have played with movie studio before , and it looks like all you have to do is tap the timeline at the bottom of your clip , and drag the arrows that appear on its edges to trim it . this only trims the edges off , so if you want to take a part out of the middle , i would re-add the clip ( so you have two copies of it in your timeline ) , and then drag the arrows on the ends of the copy so you only have the part you want , without getting rid of the beginning of the clip from the original .
let 's print droid will print directly to wifi addressable pcl/postscript printers . it does not contain drivers for ink jets howoever .
there is a paid app called eprint , which i believe works locally to printers attached to a wireless network ( printers themselves do not need to be wireless ) and does not appear to use a cloud service or need a pc in most cases . they have a free eprint version that you can use to test the functionality before you pay for the full eprint version . next there is printbot , this " network printer driver " supports 1,000s of printer types connected to a local network . the free version lets you print a few pages to test , the full paid printbot pro licensed version is unlimited . try both of those out and see which one works with your printer and apps . there are also some free proprietary apps that work with specific hardware , hp eprint should work , but only to hp printers ( both older network enabled ones and newer eprint enabled networked ones ) , samsung mobileprint should work ( but only for samsung printers ) . motoprint lets you print to a lot of different printer types as long as they are connected to a wireless network ( do not have to be wireless printers ) , annoyingly you can only install it on motorola devices , so not putting down as an answer for you but someone else might find it useful .
still no way without root . ( but i will post some quick links for root users . the old method ( need to edit settings . db with sqlite database browser ) : http://blog.pathany.com/2011/12/swype-on-kindle-fire.html new easier methods : [ guide ] get swype working without having to edit settings . db four simple steps to use alternative keyboards with kindle fire utility it is rather easy to obtain and revert root .
yes , an application can lead to a phone reboot , usually by combining a badly designed application and a bug in the framework . exemple : an application that registers an Account but no ContentHandler issue 5009
yes apps can reboot if giver permission , search for " public void reboot " on http://developer.android.com/reference/android/os/powermanager.html
an app can certainly deliberately reboot the phone , depending on the permissions for the app in question and whether it has root privileges . an app can also force you phone to reboot if it bombs out and takes android down with it , particularly apps that interact with phone functionality ( volume adjustors , automatic task killers - which are a bad idea in general , location aware apps , etc ) if an app has the right permissions this can happen quite easily . so to sum up , yes , it is quite possible that an app could be causing the system to die and your phone to reboot . if you want to troubleshoot , you can use titanium backup to freeze one app at a time to see if that alleviates the issue , or you can just uninstall and then reinstall later on .
this one is quite simple to use , it shows real time packets in a human-readable way as well as statistics . it takes it directly from iptables , hence you need a rooted device : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.googlecode.networklog
there is an app called 3g watchdog . it can monitor 3g data transfer and wi-fi traffic . a pretty neat application .
you can view , sniff , and save actual network packets , however this requires root access . shark for root does this : https://market.android.com/details?id=lv.n3o.shark
is not really an answer , but . . . there is wifi analyzer which shows more information on the wireless networks your device can reach . it gives you more detail than the average user would require . as far as i know , there is no application available on android ( yet ? ) that can " sniff packets " . would be an interesting application to have in the pocket .
here is an app that exactly does that https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.internet.speed.meter.lite
first you need root access to your phone . than you can try different package sniffer . some free are : wifinspect [ root ] packetshark
unfortunately for us ( not so much for manufacturers and carriers , ) gingerbread closed the exploits that were previously being used to gain root privileges on older android os versions . this means that tools like superoneclick and similar will no longer work . the only way to get root on samsung devices with gingerbread is to flash a pre-rooted image onto the phone with a tool like odin or heimdal . forums like xda-developers and rootzwiki contain detailed instructions for flashing such an image ( kernel only , full stock system , or a completely custom rom . )
install go sms pro and use its Mark all read option ( its in More tab of options menu ) . as data container of text messages are shared between apps , changes will be reflected in stock messaging app too .
ChompSMS has a " mark all as read " option
to remove any system default applications your phone must be rooted . and using this system app remover you can remove the system added applications . but you have to do this on your own risk . i have been doing a lot of research on android mobiles , i can tell that your system might not work properly if you remove any system added applications . but most of the applications work fine without any issue . updated system app remover is a paid application . there is one free application called root app delete . have a look at this . .
quickoffice is a pre-installed app that handles previews of popular file formats created with desktop office applications ( e . g . word , excel , etc . ) you will not be able to uninstall it because it is installed as a system app . you will only be able to uninstall it if you root your nexus one , thus gaining write privileges to the /system partition . you can then use a number of root-only apps to remove quickoffice and other pre-installed apps that you do not use .
vlc for android beta is reported to support opus format . ( src )
i have found gonemad music player and neutron music player support playback of opus . update : if gapless playback is an important feature to you try xmms2 or rockbox . both are still in the development stages as far as android is concerned but they are both worthy of a mention . xmms2 is a music player server , so you will also need to download a controller to use it . rockbox is not available via the play store and it can be a bit tricky to setup so you will have to do your own homework on this one .
freeamp supports opus decoding as well from build 119 using the bass for android library .
this sounds like an sms/push message sent by your carrier in china . i would suggest you contact your carrier , and ask them if they are sending these - and ask them if they can be stopped . you can use this app to block these if your carrier will not .
applications in the knox container are pushed using the samsung knox api 's . these api 's are usually consumed by mdm 's for " pushing apps " , and i do not believe are generally available . samsung has a free emm solution at https://www.samsungknox.com/en/solutions/try-knox#management-with-knox-emm which you can use for pushing applications into the knox container . ( as well as full mdm , and sso ! ) note that the container is considered a premium feature and must be licensed .
most of the time it is because battery saver mode is on . 3g is ( often ) slow compared to wifi , so it takes a lot longer to complete large downloads and drains the battery a lot more . turning battery saver mode off will allow you to download via 3g on many phones . another possible ( app-specific ) reason is that it just uses up too much bandwidth and would not be practical on a limited-transfer 3g connection ; if this is the case there is not much you can do about it .
most apps do this now to protect the user 's mobile data usage . knowing that most data plans are limited ( 200 mb a month , in the case of my roommate ) , developers prevent users from , say downloading a 45 mb game from the play store/amazon app store via mobile network , as this would not be beneficial , seeing as it would take almost 1/4 of your data and would take a significant amount of time and battery . same goes with uploading . most apps do this as an option , though some ( in the case of the amazon app store ) will block you completely from performing these actions without wi-fi . but no , this is not an issue with your carrier . i have sprint ( and unlimited data ) and i am still forced to download certain apps and upload pictures through various services only through wi-fi . note : i have found that some apps that prevent wi-fi-less downloads ( i.e. . amazon app store ) allow me to do these on my network as long as it is over 4g . if you have this option , try it and see if it works for you as well !
in aokp ics roms , and a few other 's i have used , there is an option that you can enable that will allow you to kill ( close ) an active app by holding down the Back button . i do not know if this was a feature of ics or the cm9 rom family , but i will let you know if i find that out .
usually , holding/tapping on the back key should " exit " an app . of course , the best way is to use the exit button if an app provides it . that is how one would gracefully " exit " from an app . in order to force an exit or kill it , you had best look at a task killer and forcibly kill the process .
this is really a question about android in general , and is based on a misconception of how android handles background apps . check out this xda post for a nice explanation of why processes sitting in memory in the background really are not a bad thing . you should only worry about exiting/force-quitting/killing an app if things start misbehaving .
most phones work pretty fine with a little amount of water , but it also depends on your luck . my first android volume buttons stopped working after i played basketball with it in my pocket and sweat screwed it up . under warranty got it replaced .
i have a htc nexus one and carelessly ended up with it being immersed in three inches of river water in the bottom of a plastic bag for over an hour . i assumed that it would be write-off but dried it out anyway in the sunshine on the dashboard or the car and held it in the warm summer breeze for an hour on the journey home . i put the battery and cards back in and after a short period of irregular displays it worked perfectly . i was astonished !
if the water finds its way into the circuitry and causes a short , that could be bad , but i do not think there is any good way to quantify how likely that is to happen to any phone . i have a moto droid and get it a little wet all the time and have never had a problem , although i have heard of people bricking their phone under the same circumstances . if you do actually get it wet and it dies , it may not be bricked . after it dries out it will probably work again . you can aid the process by putting the phone in some rice or just blowing dry warm air on it . it is also worth noting that many phone manufacturers install moisture detecting stickers inside the phone . on the droid it can been seen through a little hole under the battery cover that shows red plus signs on a white background . if that gets wet , it'll bleed and that way if you try to return a broken phone and say it just died the tech can see if you got the phone wet , and even if that is not why it died , it'll void your warranty .
there is no pre-configured repository for the phone to check . in order to avoid their servers being over-flooded with download requests , google along with manufacturers and carriers employ what is called a " staged roll-out . " once they initiate the roll-out for a given region , a specially crafted message that contains the actual download location of the firmware image is sent to the eligible phones . the carrier , manufacturer , and google can all initiate such messages . it depends on where you originally purchased the phone who will be responsible for the updates . this is driven by the phone 's model number . carrier-branded phones will most likely get the notifications from the carrier , otherwise the manufacturer will handle the upgrade roll-out . upgrades for nexus and google play edition lines are handled by google themselves , usually without manufacturer or carrier intervention ( with a rare exception of verizon galaxy nexus model . ) technically , it is possible to intercept such messages and extract the actual uri of the firmware file for manual download and installation , but you will be dependent on others to do that , if your device has not yet been made eligible for the upgrade . after a while , when the initial rush of upgrades is over , the manufacturer will usually host the firmware images on their own sites for anyone to download . it can take a while though .
the problem was partially solved . download . apk file from the device ( with airdroid for example ) remove assets/fonts directory from the archive install the application with modified . apk file i suspect that this bug appears again with every application update , so this fix has to be repeated after every update
if you want to have any cellular functions apart from placing emergency calls , you have to have an actual cellular plan through a carrier . picture it this way : if you buy a land line phone for your house , take it out of the box , program speed dials , and set it on your table without plugging it into a phone line , you will not be able to receive any phone calls . your cell phone is simply a tablet until you activate a cellular plan through your carrier for it . also , the ability to place emergency calls is a feature on all cell phones that is not dependent on carriers . here is a list of uk carriers .
after a recent update of the google search app ( version 3.5 and above ) , it became possible to enable " ok google " from any screen on android 4.3 and above . follow these steps : open google search on your phone go to settings by either pressing the hardware menu button if your device has it , or scrolling to the bottom of all cards and tapping three dots , and select " settings . " navigate to voice -> " ok google " detection , and enable the From Any screen option . this will first train the device with your voice , and we are done note that this does not work on all android devices . some motorola handsets like the moto x have their own voice recognition software that supersedes google 's , and you will see a message This option is not supported on this device . also , currently only the english language is supported for this feature , although google will probably enable it for more locales in the future .
no , only phones with dedicated hardware have that ability . however , some phones let you use a long press on one of the buttons to activate the google voice recognition .
as of today , no there is nothing public . like matt says , you can find this out through other sites instead of asking here . a simple google search will give you results of speculation and rumor like this : http://mashable.com/2010/08/07/netflix-android-app/
yes there is ! today netflix released an offical app . netflix blog post about release . currently netflix playback is supported on the following phones : htc incredible with android 2.2 htc nexus one with android 2.2 , 2.3 htc evo 4g with android 2.2 htc g2 with android 2.2 samsung nexus s with android 2.3 if you do not have one of these devices but you do have an htc or samsung device you can try this method here to make the netflix app work on your device . i have not tried this myself as i have one of the supported devices . try this at your own risk
no , as of sept . 18 , 2010 , but according to this story netflix appears to have hired android developers , almost certainly for this purpose : http://www.downloadsquad.com/2010/08/10/netflix-android-app/
no netflix yet ( sept 2010 ) , but there is bitbop mobile tv for android $9.99/month .
netflix recently posted on their blog that they will begin to roll out support for individual devices in the coming year , but not a generic netflix app . they claim : the hurdle has been the lack of a generic and complete platform security and content protection mechanism available for android . you can read the entire post at http://blog.netflix.com/2010/11/netflix-on-android.html .
i have seen some other reports avlbout 90 degree compass deviations , and they were reported on android 4.4.3 . now that was an extremely short lived version . on 4.4.4 the problem vanished . so i am still convinced that this was a 4.4.3 problem .
you can try using firefox for android with this plugin that lets you disable double tap zooming . hopefully that will let android pass both taps through to the website so it can register a double click .
have you rooted your device ? ? if yes then use root browser and navigate to wpa_supplicant . conf . then open and edit that file . it will not effect device at all .
got it ! sing into your google dashboard . here scroll down to the section titled Android devices . you will see a list of all devices associated with your account . choose the one that you are looking for and click More data stored about this device . this will bring up a nice pop-up that contains your imei and a last-seen time . for what is it worth , i am pretty sure this is a relatively new feature . google recently added the ability to view which apps have backups online this might have come with that .
you could try the following idea but it is a long shot . there is an app for android called androidlost . the best part about it is that you can install it remotely , register it and then send a command from their site in order to get the status of your phone ( including the imei code ) . on their site are guides how to install the app , how to send commands to the phone and a lot more . i am not sure if it will work because even if you schedule an install command on google for the app , it will be installed only when wifi or networking is on . i said it is a long shot because in 2 days a lot could have happened to that phone , including a reset , sim change and so on .
if your phone is still on contract , you can contact the carrier , may be they will help you . however , without proper proof that you are the owner of the phone , i doubt they can do anything helpful . so the first thing is to try if you can find some paper or receipt to prove you are the owner .
have you not thought about using plan b and install it remotely , to email you back the coordinates . even locate my droid is another option to find out if its nearby . all of this a gamble - was there sufficient charge ? did it have wifi ? furthermore , the sooner you apply that software the better result , as the minutes are counting , the chances of retrieving it back gets smaller .
the camera api within android is not written to be able to capture raw . the camera firmware is at the kernel level and would require a custom kernel that is written with raw in mind . some of the post processing is being handled on the phone at the camera firmware level making it nearly impossible to find a way to actually capture raw images .
i have the same model and the digitizer is also 2/3 dead . if hold vertically , the left third from top to bottom works plus the rightmost vertical pixel line . i was able to unlock it using a two finger gesture : swipe the slider as far as possible to the right and hold it , then touch the right edge of the screen with a 2nd finger , then release the 1st finger . my permanent solution : installed cyanogenmod and enabled physical keyboard unlock . note that you can buy a replacement digitizer on ebay for around 20$ or so if you do not mind doing it yourself .
as pointed out in my comment on the question itself , you might try a lock screen replacement from google play that might let you customize where to place the " unlocker " . just picking some examples by their screenshots : lockmenu / zipper lock screen / widgetlocker ( click images for larger variants ) as you can see , there are multiple solutions available letting you define where the slider ( or whatever ) should be located – so you should be able to leave out the " dead spots " easily .
i have a different phone , and have issues also with the media applications ignoring the . nomedia flag . a web search indicated that the . nomedia flag is not working as expected because of a cache . ( the previously scanned data remians in said cache ) renaming the folder , then re-scanning the media seems to fix this issue with the cache holding the data even after the . nomedia item is present . after scanning , the folder can then be renamed back , and additional media scans seem to properly ignore the folder . i am not sure if this is a long term workaround , or just another bad workaround , but so far it has solutioned it for me on my device . update , renaming and rescanning the media has worked 100% for month now , only if a new set of items are scanned prior to the . nomedia flag being placed in its folder , do i have to apply that method again . so . nomedia goes on first :- ) . i see many programs are tossing the flag in early , even if thier folder is empty at the moment .
google music will ignore the .nomedia hint file . but you can create a folder beginning with a " . " and put there all the audio files you do not want to be indexed by google music . for example : /sdcard/ . audionottoshowingmusic/
another method ( if you only use google wallet for google play purchases ) is to simply look at your google wallet purchase history . if you only use it for google play app purchases , they will all be listed here . to keep things organised in the future , if you wish , you could always create a folder on your home screen containing all your paid apps and drop in any additions as you go .
if you want this list on browser then you can go for the greasemonkey artem script which can show your paid and free apps in different lists . check out full detail and installation guide here greasemonkey artem script
you could also use the my paid apps app . ( more information )
( 1 ) check out legacy play store . you can get the list on uninstalled paid apps . installed list includes both paid and unpaid . if you decide to install it , you may need to : use root explorer ( i had troubles with astro and file expert ) copy the apk to /system/app chmod the apk to 644 note : it works on my samsung galaxy s2 , running cyanogenmod9 . edit : hmm . website is currently unavailable . post a comment if you can not access it . i could probably upload the apk somewhere . [ or you could search for the app elsewhere ] ( 2 ) androidpolice just featured a greasemonkey script that allows you to separate your paid apps in google play . you might also want to check it out .
if you mean unlocked so any sim can be used , the device comes from google sim unlocked . from wikipedia article : the device is sold sim unlocked ( not restricted to use on a single network provider ) . google offered t-mobile usa and at and t versions of the phone online in the united states before closing the online store in july 2010 . the difference between the at and t and t-mobile version is the bands that the phone uses for its network . if you do not have the right bands , the network will fall back to the common network , which is edge . for example , if you have a t-mobile version , and you mother has at and t , then when she is browsing the internet she will only get edge ( 2g ) speeds . voice there really is not noticeable difference . so to answer your question , you do not have to take it anywhere , and it costs nothing extra . you paid for it to be unlocked when you bought it . you should be able to install applications without having a sim card . at the very least , you will need to have wifi available so you can download the applications . i would suggest a factory reset , then start the device and configure it how you want for your mother , with apps , and email setup , etc .
to address your second question , you can pre-configure the phone to your liking before sending it to your mother . you may wish to factory reset it first ( or reinstall the custom rom you are using , if you are ) , and then configure a ' clean ' image , depending on what you had installed on the phone .
have you tried going a different route and just use airdroid ?
in android 2.1 and later , pressing a contact 's image in the contacts / dialer or sms app ( as well as others that support the protocol ) results in a small popup from where you can view the person 's contact info / send sms / dial their number or email them . looks like this :
your question is not very clear . can you clarify what it is you are asking ? when someone calls me on my droid , their contact picture ( assuming they have one ) is displayed while the phone is ringing and during the call ( unless the screen blanks from the proximity sensor ) . when i am viewing my contacts , i can tap a contact 's picture and i get several options to choose , depending on what apps i have installed and what information i have for the person . for example , for one of my contacts right now i see icons for call , sms , gmail , google talk , facebook , twitter , maps , and browser .
you could try widgetlocker lockscreen . it lets you add app shortcuts on your lockscreen . it replaces your lockscreen though .
go to settings --> lock screen --> slider shortcuts --> swipe to any side --> click on " empty "--> select " applications "--> camera now you can see a camera icon on lock screen .
follow this link . all the details given in it . if it does not understand your external sd card as memory device you might have to create a new partition in the sd card . here is a link for that
i have lg p768 android 4.1.2 . i can move apps to sd using move2sd some app2sd ( that can not work ) will show this error " device does not have a real primary external storage or the primary external storage is emulated "
all you need to do is to create a partition in your sd card and root ur phone . install an app called link2sd , and link all ur apps to ur sd card .
it depends on the actual android version of the rom you flashed . it the paranoidrom and cyanogenmod rom are both android 4.2 then you do not need a new set of gapps , if there are not then if might just be safe to get a new set of gapps
yes you need to download gapps from here : http://goo.im/gapps just chose the corect version of cyanogen mod that you have , note that cyanogen mode 10 has another gapps then cyanogen mod 10.1 .
i had this same problem after an upgrade . after a lot of digging i found the problem . before starting , note that your device must be rooted to fix it . believe or not , the problem is with the " ls " command in /system/bin . it looks like a lot of the commands are symbolic links to a file called " toolbox " , which is also located in the "/system/bin " directory . the " ls " command however links to what i think was the previous location "/data/local/toolbox " . fix is : using a suitable file manager ( i used root explorer ) , copy toolbox from /system/bin to /data/local . i guess you could also try update the ls symbolic link to point to /system/bin/toolbox , but i am not sure how to do this and there may be other link with the same problem . device : samsung galaxy tab gt-p7510 new android version : ics 4.0.4 old android version : hc 3.2
i have solved this problem . it was because of huge network traffic on the dhcp server , due to which the ack was not able to reach through wi-fi to the samsung galaxy android .
just had the same issue on my asus transformer prime tablet . fixed by updating the timezone to the proper one , settings -> date and time .
have you tried removing and adding both account ? or adding secondary account as primary account . making secondary account primary may not be what you want but its worth a try .
just master reset device . it work for me with error - 101 . it will erase everything but it fix the error
have you tried erasing all user data on your device , then re-adding both accounts ? to do this , go to settings - security - wipe data .
you need to use the calendar widget and put it on the home screen . the widget does not really have any options , if what it supplies you is not enough information , you will need to get a 3rd party app that has more info . i use business calendar pro . it shows an agenda widget and can display events from multiple calendars . there is a free version , but it is well worth the ~$5.00 .
the xperia z supports usb-on-the-go , so with a usb-otg adaptor and a usb keyboard you should be able to enter the encryption passphrase to boot the device .
i wanted to know , so i tried entering my password incorrectly repeatedly . ( motorola droid 3 - android 2.3.4 ) after 5 , 10 , and 15 attempts i was given a 30 second " cool down " where i could not try again . on the 15th attempt i was informed that if i entered my password incorrectly 5 more times i would be forced to re-sign in with my google account . so after 20 failed attempts , you can no longer try to enter a password - you must sign in with your google credentials . i would say you are reasonably secure from a brute-force password log in at the password screen . this does not take into account any other methods - just attempting to brute force . this answer may address methods that could be used to bypass the lock screen . to specifically address your concern about firefox for android 's stored passwords - you can disable firefox sync on a lost tablet ( mozilla 's instructions ) by changing your sync password . mozilla also suggests changing all of your passwords after it .
i have heard reports of batteries dying after being left in storage for extended periods . that is wrong assumption if your keeping your battery without working condition or when phone is switched off . there is no reason battery will die .
unlike ni-cd and ni-mh batteries , li-ion batteries primarily lose their capacity by calender time rather than by charge/discharge cycles . it is simply a fact of the chemistry . from the time the cell is assembled , it will lose capacity over time , regardless of whether it is in active use or sitting in a warehouse . stored unused , you are looking at up to 15-20% loss of capacity per year ( pg 4 , figure 5b ) with the battery just sitting on a shelf . though this is more a worst-case scenario , as the battery is being stored at 35° . to help prevent this capacity loss , you should store the battery cold . in the paper above , storing the battery at 5° c ( a few degrees warmer than an average kitchen fridge , which is ideally about 1.6° c ) reduced the capacity loss rate by about half . putting the battery in a nice airtight bag ( a small ziplock is good ) is highly recommended for fridge storage to prevent unfortunate incidents relating to spills and condensation .
this is going to be application dependent . for example , dolphin browser hd has an option in the settings menu to specify what directory you download files to , and you can change that to the internal memory instead of the microsd card . i do not believe you can change this option in the stock android browser .
you could also make /sdcard/ a symbolic link to somewhere else instead of to /mnt/sdcard/ like it is by default . that assumes the browser uses /sdcard , however . if it uses /mnt/sdcard/ you had have to edit the mounting script ( part of init ? ) to not mount the sd card , and then create /mnt/sdcard/ as a symbolic link to somewhere else . something like that . note that most/all of this requires root .
within the messenger app , choose the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) then choose Settings &gt; Location Services and check the box that enables location services for the app .
with the new update to facebook app now , the chat head is opened whenever i start my chat with a friend . note that if we want to use the old way of chatting via facebook , we would use the facebook messenger app .
a free app called notification shortcuts gives you the ability to set up a permanent notification that will open an app you specify when you select the notification . you can set up multiple shortcuts and can even set up toggles for wifi , bluetooth , etc , if you want . the downside to this is that when you receive a message , you will have a second notification from the chat app itself . but since the facebook chat app lacks an option to set up a permanent notification , this 3rd-party app is the next best solution .
from the what is new page on the play store for the current version of the facebook app ( v3.1 , april 18 , 2013 ) : faster photo uploads get chat heads to keep chatting while you are using other apps if you install facebook messenger new permissions to set up facebook messenger and facebook home , which you can install separately : http://www.facebookhome.com bug fixes ( my emphasis ) so the facebook home app definitely pulls it is data from the main facebook app , and " piggy-backs " on the main app 's permissinos .
the facebook home app does not really do much itself . it gets all its data from the main facebook app , so it does not need to access the internet . doing any action from the launcher uses an intent to launch the main facebook app , so it does not need to ( say ) access your location or take photos to make posts : only the main facebook app does . to take another example , say you use facebook home to " like " something . facebook home does not go to facebook 's servers : it tells the main facebook app ( on your phone , so not using the internet ) to " like " the thing . then the main facebook app ( which does have the internet permission ) uses the internet to tell facebook 's servers about the " like " . the same goes for the size . all the facebook functionality , sync code , custom button graphics , libraries , and so on are in the main facebook app , so why would they duplicate them in facebook home ? facebook home probably just has a little code for laying out the home screen , a few icons , and the information android needs to understand that the app is a launcher . the apps can use each other this way because they are both by the same developer . ( actually there is a little more to it than that , but that is the first requirement . ) android verifies this by looking at the signatures on each app to check they were both signed with the same private key : in this case , a key that facebook ( the company ) has . without this private key , another developer can not create another app ( or modify this app ) that can use the facebook app like this . it is also possible for an app to create a new type of permission . so , as an example , the main facebook app could create a " read my facebook timeline " permission , and then i could write an app dan 's bookface , which would be able to request that permission in order to read the timeline directly from the facebook app , without needing the " internet " permission . when you install dan 's bookface , you had see " read my facebook timeline " in the list of permissions just like you do with the permissions built into the system .
with the big google plus push this past year , google have been slowly moving to retire picasa web albums entirely . first , they made it so that all of your picasa albums are available via google+ photos , then they have set picasa 3 desktop application 's sharing options to google+ as the default , then they even started redirecting https://picasaweb.google.com/home address to google+ photo albums , and android gallery sync options are indeed gone in 4.2.2 version . as of this writing , the latest gapps package includes the following change log : all apps updated to 4.2.2 versions google play store updated to 3.10.14 google play services updated to 3.0.25 gmail2 . apk ( gmail ) and googleears . apk ( sound search for google play ) removed since they are available in the google play store --may require uninstalling and reinstalling gmail and sound search after flashing . keeps previous version 's photosphere/picasa sync install on mako , manta , and tuna . the last line means that the gallery , which is no longer a stand-alone app , and instead integrated with the camera app , is an older version in order to preserve the picasa sync functionality , while keeping the newer camera features such as pohtosphere . unfortunately this is only available on very few devices such as nexus 4 ( code name " mako" ) , nexus 10 ( code name " manta" ) , and the galaxy nexus family ( code name " tuna" ) . this is due to the camera apps not being open source on either google 's android core apps , or every other manufacturer 's ui overlay . it is therefore impossible to get the picasa sync code working on other devices . if you are willing to experiment a bit , there is an older version of an add-on to the main gapps package here which may help you get picasa sync back . you should flash this gapps-jb-picasa-20121011-signed.zip file after flashing the latest gapps . zip package . however , keep in mind that this add-on was designed for android 4.1 ( not 4.2 . x ) /cyanogenmod 10 ( not 10.1 , ) and will therefore remove any newer camera features . it may also cause other unforeseen issues and instabilities , so make sure to take a nandroid backup of your current rom before flashing that file .
the headphone jack has 3 channels . 1 mono mic and 1 stereo outputs . while you could modify a headset cord to input the mono channel from another set of headphone cables this would not produce any level of quality sound . i have a xperia x10 and the frequencies on the mic input are narrow . highly recommend you copy the music from the mp3 player to a computer and copy from the computer to your phone . add a larger micro sd card if necessary .
i just installed airbubble which is seen , in itunes , as an external speaker . works great .
i do not know of any way to make your phone a remote speaker alone but there are methods that would achieve basically the same result . without knowing your exact goal it is hard to give you a specific recommendation but here is one way to have audio stored on a seperate device play through you phones speaker/headphones : setting up a wireless media server will allow you to stream media from your computer to you phone . so while it is not simply acting as a speaker , you are able to hear media that is stored on your computer on your phone . there are numerous ways to do this like using dlna or any of the number of apps that serve media over wifi or 3g .
unless the oem has built in the option ( samsung have for example ) you cannot change the device name without root . the nexus-7 does not have this option . on the samsung galaxy s4 ( for example ) you can go to settings > more > about device > device name and you can change it directly from there . for those with root :  su getprop net.hostname setprop net.hostname &lt;new_hostname&gt;  or simply download a build . prop editor app from the play store . this requires root also . warning : any changes to this file can stop your device from working or cause unexpected behaviour , do so at your own risk . to change hotspot name : go to wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . then tick the box next to portable wi-fi hotspot tap portable wi-fihotspot settings and you can edit the wi-fi network name , and choose a password . enter your name there !
i do not think it is possible without root . if you are rooted then install a terminal emulator on the tablet . enter the following : su getprop net . hostname setprop net . hostname {new_hostname} the ' getprop ' command will return the current hostname , so you can double-check it before setting the new one . reboot to refresh network assignments . taken from here ( the method without root did not show up for me so not including that ) or you could install an app from the play store that will allow you to change the host name . i expect they are doing the same thing as the commands above though , as they all require root .
when the screen redraws , that is usually a sign of low memory . considering this device is 3 years old , has 768mb of ram , a 1ghz single core processor and running an android version that was never even released for the phone , lag is going to happen . chrome and opera are both very memory hungry apps and since your device has a small amount of memory and an os with unknown memory footprint and optimizations , other tabs will get purged from memory quite easily , leading to redraws when switching tabs .
sounds like the usb port is broken , though it should be fixable with soldering or something . take a look outside to see if the pins were snapped off or anything , and inside if not .
samnsung galaxy pop http://galaxypophacker.blogspot.com/2013/01/ics-stable-cyanogenmod-101nightly-for.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2060605 i am using cm-10.1-20130126-experimental-tass for 5-6 months very stable
a " release candidate " is not a stable release . you should report this error to the cyanogenmod developers so that it can be investigated and fixed for the final release .
in the context of android devices , the terms are often used interchangeably . host mode usb has two different kinds of endpoint ( connected device ) , like a client-server interface . one device is the computer ( or host ) , and it is in charge : it is the server . all the other devices ( the peripherals ) are the clients , and can only communicate with the server . usually , a device can only act in one of those two rôles : it would not make sense for ( say ) a keyboard to be the host . that is the way the protocol works , and the connectors are designed to make that easier for users : hosts have the rectangular a connector , and peripherals have either the square b connector or a mini- or micro- version . host mode is a name for when a device is acting as a host . every usb connection has exactly one device in host mode . pcs always run in host mode . ( you would not usually call it that for a pc , because it is not really a " mode " , it is always like that . ) usb-otg a phone is a bit different , though . sometimes you want it to act as a peripheral : for example , so you can plug it into a pc , so the pc can access the phone 's storage . sometimes you want it to act as a host : for example , to connect a physical keyboard or mouse to it . this is why many android devices now support usb host mode as well as usb peripheral mode : they can act in either rôle . but how can you make this work , when a host 's usb socket is different from a peripheral 's ? this is where usb-on-the-go ( otg ) comes in . it adds an extra pin to the micro-usb socket . if you plug a normal a-to-b usb cable , the device acts in peripheral mode . if you connect a special usb-otg cable , it has the pin connected at one end , and the device at that end acts in host mode . this can be a little confusing if one cable has seemingly identical plugs at either end , which do different things . but cables with usb-otg at both ends are uncommon : it is more common to use an adaptor , which has a host-mode usb-otg plug at one end , and a rectangular usb-a socket on the other . you can plug a normal usb cable into this adaptor , and it will work normally . conclusion the names refer to two different parts of the usb technology , but they are very similar . after all , if a device " supports usb-otg , " it must support acting in " host mode " . the converse is often the case , but not always . most android devices that support host mode do so via usb-otg , but there are a few counterexamples : the original asus eee pad transformer , for example , has usb-a sockets in its keyboard , allowing it to act in host mode without a usb-otg cable . and of course pcs support host mode without usb-otg . so although the terms are usually used to mean the same thing in the android world - can i plug a usb stick into my phone ? - and for most devices it makes no difference which you are talking about , there is a distinction .
my nexus 10 recently stopped connecting to the internet via wifi after it had been connecting for 3 months . i simply rebooted off my wireless router by removing the power for 30-60 seconds and then powering up . once the router rebooted , presto , my nexus 10 was once again connected to the wireless network and the internet .
someone with access to that router may have accessed it through the internet just as you did and set up the mac filtering . you have to manually enter every mac address of every device that is running on your network in order to block just one mac address or multiple addresses . then you have to set what mac address to block and save those settings just as you did to unblock your mac address on that specific device .
i have resolved this issue myself . here is what i did to resolve it : accessed wireless router 's settings . please remember i do not have access to adsl router which is connected to the internet . the linksys wireless router setting has " wireless " menu . under this menu , click on " wireless mac filter " . click on " enabled " radio button . click on " prevent listed computers from accessing the wireless network " radio button . i saw a list of mac addressed in this list . one of the mac addresses was that of the tablet which was not connecting . i removed this from this list and voila ! ! ! ! my tab was happy : ) ( i still do not know how it got into this list ! ! )
many android 2.2 users report the same issue 1 . i would recommend trying : delete the network from known list and then reconnect and/or set a static ip address for your 2.2 device : wifi settings -> menu -> advanced -> use static ip ( depending on your network config , submask to use : 255.255.255.0 , default gateway ( router ip ) : 192.168.1.1 ) to something like 192.168.1.200 -- 1 see the original authors : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/bbo7y3cpon8%5b1-25%5d
i have encountered this problem twice , once with my htc flyer , originally with android os 2.3 , but somehow after i updated os to gingerbread the problem 's gone . second happened with my google nexus i515 , running os 4.04 . tried everything until i clicked settings -> system -> change wifi regulatory domain , and chose emea and rest of world ( the other options were us and japan which were not where i am located ) wifi settings resetted and problem 's solved .
check out the free stayawake app simple app to toggle a stay awake mode . enables stay awake , always if plugged in to ac/usb
as @logos has said rightly having any modifications on rom does not have any effect on the charge/discharge . first of all let 's understand the simple concept of battery consumption . the device requires charge to run the software and perform various tasks done by the processor ( graphics , antenna , gps , bluetooth etc . ) . it only depends on which kind of processor is used by your device and not by the rom , having an updated or increased rom will only give you speed but not charge . if this processor design is not good then due to some usage itself the device gets heated up thereby raising health concerns . as the number of charge consuming hardware increases ( nfc , wi-fi , bluetooth , graphic card , high output speakers , camera etc . ) the battery capacity also increases ( 2500mah or 3500mah ) . if the battery capacity is less then you will suffer from low battery very soon and if the battery capacity is high ( i.e. . around 3000mah ) then the time required to do a full charge ( 100 % charge ) will take some time due to this many smartphones in the market having higher capacity battery ( devices with high capacity battery are fixed permanently in your device for example motorola e has higher capacity battery which can easily last for a day , has its battery soldered permanently in the phone and cannot be removed ) so next time you purchase a device go for a high capacity battery as well as the latest android 4.4.4 operating system ( the latest operating system of android is by far the best for consuming less and efficient battery management ) . visit this site for further details about smartphone batteries . now coming to your phone usage in order to improve the battery life try reducing the screen brightness to optimum level and not automatic brightness . turn off the mobile data/wi-fi/g . p . s when not in use . use headphones instead of a speaker on your device wherever possible . last but not the least as you would be traveling a lot in your car invest in a car charger accessory which is readily available and also gives you charge on the move .
chraging is generally limited by hardware , not the rom - ie , the charging cable and the device charging input and battery . different charging adaptors can provide different amperages ( eg , the note ii charger provides a 2amp feed ) . using the wrong amperage may damage your device by overloading the charging port or battery , depending on your hardware ; it is unlikely tho as the hardware should limit this . if you are finding that your car charger is not providing enough juice , you might want to try buying a charging cord with higher amperage than the charging cord you are currently using . the maximum charge rating for a galaxy s ii is for 5v/1amp .
according to this youtube video , where the user measured actual current drawn while adjusting the settings , the maximum is 650ma ( . 65a ) . contrary to the first answer , the charging device cannot in any way " push " current into any device ; it is like the ac outlet , which can supply a lot of current , but will never supply too much unless there is a defect or short . the charger can only supply current , hopefully enough to satisfy the amount the device is trying to draw . you cannot damage your device by using an adaptor that supplies higher current , you can only slow down the charging by supplying too little . the device itself contains the charging circuitry that controls how much current is drawn at various stages of charging . if the wall adaptor could damage a device by supplying too much current , then it would not be safe to plug it into the computer usb port , which is often capable of supplying higher current when properly negotiated by the device .
i do not think there is a setting in adw that can do that . i use adw . ex and i looked through all the settings and did not see any way to achieve what your are asking for . it is , however , open source , so someone could implement the option for this , or you could request it to anderweb and he might add it to an update .
you can force the language that app descriptions are shown in on the web version of the play store by changing the language code in the link . this is shown in the url as hl=language , for example hl=en for english , hl=fi for finnish or hl=fr for french . so for example , to see an english description for the gmail app you had got to this link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=en or in finnish : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=fi or to see it in french go here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=fr or in german go here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gm&amp;hl=de you will see that all that is changed between those is the &amp;hl= bit at the end of the link , yet the whole play store page including the description and reviews has changed to the relevant language .
i am sorry for my english : ) i had the same problem ! and i did everything you did and nothing ! but 1 minute ago i just press the power button and volume down at the same time for 2 sec and a white line appeared ! ! ! around the screen and i had a capture ! it is really hard to do ! just try once more ! good luck ! : )
i own the galaxy tab 2 10.1 and that is not the way to do a screen capture . holding the power button with the volume buttons cause the galaxy tab to reset . on my model ( there may be other models that may have a different location for these buttons . . . . my reference book shows the buttons on the lower right ) the galaxy tab 2 10.1 has 4 buttons on the left bottom of the screen . the curved arrow is the back button . the house is the home button the two rectangles are the recent apps button . the fourth button is a rectangle with a cross - that is the screen capture button . . . just press it .
press and hold the power button and volume-down button at the same time . it works .
it works out that you just have to keep trying . the power and volume down together ( for around a second ) will eventually yield a screenshot about 1 time out of a hundred . took a look at most of the apps out there and they either need you to root the device or install loads of other stuff , work for phones rather than tablets or just do not work . guess i am stuck with the crazy combination !
simply look for your model number . i have tried 10 different stock kernels before one of them worked . when you get the right stock kernel for your model , it will work . flash the kernel with clockwork recovery . if you do not have clockwork recovery , you can download it from google play , but your phone must be rooted .
i had the same problem . so i just read through threads and was able to fix the problem . i simply looked up my model number for the galaxy note 2 t-mobibe version , and i discovered by flashing the stock modem kernel fixed my problem of no sim card error . download the modem stock recovery here .
get the odin package from here . then use odin to restore to " true " factory stock . this will put you back to stock ( but will not reset your flash counter ) . then from there you can start and use odin to root the device again , flash cwm and flash custom roms . the modem/radio you linked to should be the radio that you will want to flash if you flash an n7100 rom . but , as you can see , i would stay away from roms that are not for the specific model . the t889 has a couple roms based on the stock n7105 , but there have been changes ( things like the radio ) replaced with versions that are for the t889 . i eagerly wait for an aosp build ( specifically cm ) for the t889 , until then , i am running one based off the n7105 with the bullet kernel by cmenard . this kernel has the modules for cifs support , which i use constantly .
from the xda thread for pdroid these are if you are building pdroid from source . edit : the specifics of what a . patch file is are in dan 's post . if you are building the source you need to take the following steps : download : pdroid 2.3.4 source ( v1.27 ) ( yes it is based on 2.3.4 but also works with 2.3.3 and 2.3.5 flawlessly ) get the 2.3.4 source from aosp ( branch : android-2.3.4_r1 ) extract the patches from the above archive to the 2.3.4 tree root run : code : patch -p1 -i build.patch patch -p1 -i frameworks.patch patch -p1 -i libcore.patch  building from source : make a clean build apply the patches ( see above ) run : code : source build/envsetup.sh make update-api mmm frameworks/base mmm frameworks/base/services/java mmm libcore 
patch files are not specifically to do with android . they just represent a difference between two text files ( or two folders of text files ) . they can be produced by the diff tool , or by a version control system , and the same change can be applied to files by the patch tool , or by a version control system . patch files are often used by programmers to communicate a change that should be applied to source code .
the access point supports wi-fi protected setup ( wps ) , which allows easier connections to the ap . you can long press the ap to use this feature . see wikipedia for more info .
i believe you are using the google launcher which has the voice command operations as well as the cards which you have mentioned ( i can not assure you that this answer will work because the root of the phone may hamper the application working but still you can try as these steps are common for all ) . and yes you will lose the cards as you are deleting the data but you will not loose if you clearing cache . clearing cache memory is no where related to any file getting deleted . cache memory is just a temporary storage which is used to speed up the loading of any application . if you clear the cache memory then your app may load slow only the first time later it loads fast . coming to the voice search crashing after " ok google " could be related with your mic problem or just a small software bug . follow these steps to pin-point the main reason of the issue first enable the speech output from settings> voice> speech output to make sure it is really detecting ok google and not something else . if it is detecting correctly then your microphone is correct . second after enabling the speech output you need to 1 ) force stop then 2 ) clear the cache . third make sure the area around the mic is clean and is free of any obstruction ( the mic could contain small and minute dust particles which need to be cleaned only by trained professionals , covered by some accessory ) . after that you shall be able to perform voice search directly without manually touching the microphone . if you still have the problem then you need to get in touch with the support team which is there in the play store bottom of the app page .
well , samsung 's power saving mode consists of 4 features : cpu power saving : limits the maximum performance of the processor ( may also disable some cores ) screen power saving : uses a low power level for the screen background color : uses a dark background color for some apps , which might reduce power consumption on some screens ( see here ) turn off haptic feedback : is the vibrating if you use the hardware keys or type something on the virtual keyboard . juicedefender consists of several other features which might save some battery , if correctly configured : it let 's you control when to use wlan/2g/3g connection , so you do not need to change them manually ( it can be configured to disable all 3g and wlan at night for example ) it has location aware wlan control , so it can automatically enable/disable wlan when it is available in this location it can also do cpu-scaling , limiting your cpu-power when you are phone is in idle state *some features might not work because they need a specific rom so juicedefender can save a lot of battery life if properly configured and will only slow down you are phone when it is not in use ( only if configured properly ) . ( cpu ) power saving will defineatly reduce your performance .
while is there an app for x is off-topic here ( see what topics can i ask about here ? ) , still a short hint : a search for " dlna subtitle " turns up good candidates , e.g. media server pro ( yes , only the payed version for ~ 1 buck ) or wondershare player ( free ) . both claim to support subtitles , and the search results in 31 hits currently ( so chances are there are more likely candidates ) .
yes , assuming the device has been rooted and someone has engineered the update to work with your specific device . how fast that happens depends on how hard the devices manufacturer has made it , and how active the community is . its not as simple as just loading windows on a computer . i asked a similar question a while ago . check out the answers for more detail : what is involved in installing android onto a device ?
for this to work , your nexus 5 will need the " always listening " mode . it is not supported on this handset officially , but there are community developers working on enabling this feature . as of this writing , the development is still in a ( semi- ) working proof of concept stage .
try with these settings : http://apn.gishan.net/settings/os_12_11_android_4.4kitkat_internet_and_mms_settings_for_straight_talk.php should work . sorry . site does not allow me to copy the settings . how ever if you cannot receive mms that should be a data problem . please check you can access data properly . mms apn is only for sending mms . do you receive mms notification at least ?
download bluekeyboard jp from the play store . this makes it a lot easier to set up a bluetooth keyboard . here is how to set it up : install the app . then go to settings > language and keyboard . check bluekeyboard jp and go into its settings , and then into bluetooth settings . enable bluetooth and scan for devices . make sure your bluetooth keyboard is on also . if you see it in the devices list , click it and then it'll ask you to enter a pin . just type 4 numbers ( 0000 or 1234 for example ) and press ok . once you do that , on your bluetooth keyboard , type the same number sequence and press enter and it should say your keyboard is " paired , but not connected " on your droid . go back and disable auto capitalization , select your keyboard in the selected keyboard tab and you should be good to go . to try it out effectively , disable your android keyboard ( or select the bluekeyboard jp keyboard in the input method tab ) and go into any app and select a text field and it should say that the keyboard is trying to connect in your notification bar . once it does , try typing and it should work ! the google play page has some reviews from droid x users saying it works just fine for them . that said , a lot of reviewers ( on various devices ) complain of unreliability .
there is an app called mobileodin , which is able to flash your recovery from a running system .
there are several possible approaches to this . if you are using a headset ( which i assume you are ) , there are several apps for headset control allowing you to use your headset button for that ( e . g . one click = pause/play , double-click = next , etc . ) . on the other hand i have seen c locker is capable of exactly what you are asking for : using the volume rockers for that while the screen is locked .
if you have bought an unlocked phone then there is no issue of what kind of carrier you have and which country you are in . just connect to the internet and get an ota update from settings , provided they have rolled out the update to their customers in the country where you bought it from .
first of all , there is no equivalent of an ipod among the android phones . the most obvious reason being the fact that an ipod is not a phone in the first place : you can listen to music , play videos , games , and even call with some im services , but it is not a phone . the equivalent of android phones might be the iphone , for example . going to your question , yes . you can connect to any wi-fi , as long as you know the password , and download the applications . there is no hardware obstacle , if that is what you are thinking about . i think you will need to associate a gmail account , but that is the only requirement as far as i can remember .
the equivalent of an ipod in the android world would be one of these two : a handset with no telephony at all , this will be wifi only an example of this is the samsung galaxy player . a prepaid handset phone , this will still connect to wifi , but later on if you wanted , you could connect it to a phone network an example of this is the lg optimus v on virgin mobile . as long as the manufacturer supports it ( check the product page , but i think most do nowadays ) , you will be able to download apps from the google play store . you will also be able to download from alternate stores depending on the device . finally , i think all android devices can download from the amazon appstore .
i could not find any details on this xda thread regarding avatar rom for the s3 . however , the sony xperia z thread thread mentions that it has a linux kernel of 3.0 . x . so , i assume it is the same for the s3 . while avatar is based on cm10.1 , it is possible that the developer used a different kernel ( lower than 3.4 ) . so , do not compare it with pure cm roms that are using the 3.4 kernel . i would suggest going through the first link i gave and ask for help there about upgrading your kernel .
i think gtalk uses port 5228 , and the notifications and market downloads both use the gtalk protocol internally .
you have to tell the mail application to delete the messages from the server explicitly . this options is provided during the initial setup , but is also accessible from the account setup options . change " delete message from server " from " never " to " when i delete from inbox " . this was not part of my original answer , but was added by the editor : this is fine if you do all your email on your handheld , but if you need to leave messages on the server for any reason ( you deal with some later on computers at home or work ) your android will keep grabbing other old messages to take their place until your set maximum is filled . this seems to be a bug or at least a weakness in the platform .
i found a reason of my problem . before installing android file transfer i installed kies . after installing aft i uninstall the kies . i understand that when i uninstall the kies uninstall usb driver too . so installed kies again and aft is working ! ! ! its really cool application !
did you try to set the usb connection mode to camera ( ptp ) mode or media device ( mtp ) mode ? might help to deinstall kies . the usb cable does work on another laptop/pc ?
you can not boot a boot disk for a pc on on android device ( which is not a pc ) . if you want to install ubuntu , ubuntu needs to support your device , and if it does , you can find instructions and all the files you need to download on the ubuntu website . obviously as this is an android site and not an ubuntu site , we can not help you with ubuntu installation , nor if your device is not supported . there is also an app " ubuntu on android " which gives you an ubuntu userspace , but running as an app on top of android . again , we can not help you with that on this site .
i have thunderbird installed on my s3 phone .
mozilla have not created a thunderbird app , so you are not going to have that option . that said , there are dozens ( or more ) email apps in the play store . ( not to mention the stock email app that ships with the device . ) a large number of them can handle multiple email accounts just fine .
use the bluestacks help in all apps , then when you launch it select the default android browser app . works great : )
yes , it is supported by ics or higher android versions . but , it is not easy to find an otg cable on the market . if you are like me and do not like waiting for ebay to have it shipped to you , here 's a youtube link to make one yourself . requires some experience
usb host mode was introduced with honeycomb ( android 3.1 , see changelog . this clearly explains why it failed on your gingerbread ( 2.3 ) device -- and also should answer your question whether it is supported by ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) and above : yes , it should work . as ov1d1u explained in his answer , it will require a " usb otg cable " ( otg stands for " on-the-go" ) . does fine on my cat stargate 2 btw : )
yes . i have a ( cheap ) tablet with android 4.0.4 and i use a physical usb keyboard with it . i just needed an usb otg cable , a standard usb cable will not work .
" eng " is short for engineering aka developer build . those builds have various logging facilities enabled which you do not see on regular " production " builds . normally you do not want to flash such builds on to your phone .
personally , i have found software solutions to this kind of thing to be more hassle than they are worth . do you mind if your devices are physically close to each other ? if not , i recommend a cheap hardware solution : 2 x 3.5mm stereo male / 3.5mm stereo female , 6 inch you could buy a 3.5mm extension cable to give yourself more flexibility if you need your devices a little farther apart . all of these kinds of cables are basically the same ; search around amazon , or your online market of choice , for the deal that fits you best .
try this : go to contact list select contact open menu , and press the " block " button ( or " add to blocklist" ) i also found call guard in the play store . maybe you take a look at it .
you can use the tried and tested Call Barring method Go to Settings select Call Settings look for Call barring now select All Incoming enter your default pin ( 1234 ) there , all incoming calls will be blocked . you may still be able to place calls unless you barred that too . this feature is carrier network dependent and it already exists in the dumbphone era . still useful though .
go to call forwarding menu and forward all calls to voicemail
some ip blocks or other header information can be used to identify requests as coming from phone carriers . in an attempt to over engineer the user experience , some web designers could to extreme lengths ( such as using this info instead of the user agent ) to force what they consider the optimal experience to be on the user . you can get around this by using wifi instead of your mobile data plan , but i suspect that is not the answer you are looking for . other than that , there is zip i know of that you can do about it except complain to the website operators . for what it is worth , some sites have a link in the header or footer to allow mobile users to view the standard page ( like facebook ) , but that is the exception rather than the rule .
some sites may be swapping css based on screen size . there is not too many pcs out there running at phone resolutions . disabling javascript might work around that along with a useragent change .
i am using dolphin for pad , and it loads the desktop version of engadget with the default settings . will not try redtube since it is nsfw . give it a try ! : )
i had the same issue with watching full episodes of daily show on my android . turns out i visited the site as mobile first and had to clear my cache and put it in desktop mode first .
broadly speaking , if you have a " usb " cable that only connects pins 1 and 4 then you will get power and no data ( best buy was selling cables like that as universal usb charging cables a while back , not sure if they still do ) . likewise , if you have a cable with only 2 and 3 , you will get data but no power . if you are curious , here 's a wikipedia page with the standard usb pinout . note : micro uses the same pinout as usb a .
you could simply use a bluetooth/wifi mouse app like premotedroid . there are a bunch of others , and generally speaking they just allow your device to be used as a mouse/keyboard input . if you can pair with your pc it should work , although i have never tried it myself ( i do use premotedroid to pair with and remotely control my xoom , though ; works great ) . another option would be some kind of vnc or remote desktop client , but that is not as lightweight and some of them do not support linux ( splashtop , for example , does not have a linux server , iirc ) .
i did end up using the paid app presenter . i liked the interface and the way it dominantly shows the presentation time .
google presentation remote is great and really easy to use on your android phone . it is dependent on the chrome extension " google presentation remote " .
i highly doubt you can tell nor force the system to charge to its maximum as that is the soc that is handling the battery current , in which the kernel is periodically polling to measure the battery charge . ( you could in theory mess with the values of the threshold within the kernel 's specific battery module , but that could have unintended consequences , possibly damage to the battery long term ! ) observing battery state power limit is subjective and debatable as to each and their own , depends on what they are using on their handset - you are not going to get a concrete answer out of that . : )
i finally found the soultion with the help of my techie friend connect the device throgh usb and run the command : adb shell am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -c android.intent.category.HOME  a window comes up . select touchwiz home and select always android home screen will come up . reset the device and there you go . . . surelock is gone . thanks to léa for this solution .
assuming you are certain these games are being installed as time goes on rather than merely being part of the myriad apps samsung preinstalls on all is phones , i would consider backing up your data and doing a factory reset although it is annoying . it sounds like there is some kind of malicious code that is installed on your phone and it could be doing worse things than installing games ( eg capturing your keystrokes ) . search google for how to back up your android phone - there are lots of guides . the factory reset will put your phone on the same condition it was in out of the box software wise . from then on be very careful about what you install , what webpages you visit and what email attachments you open . good luck !
i had a similiar problem . in my case it was the android emulator " bluestacks " . i connected bluestacks to my google account and ( automatically ) activated synchronising . bluestacks provided some games and installed them on my phone . long time i dod not know why this happenes but than i saw this sync seeting in bluestacks . maybe you hava similar problem . alternativly there are apps downloading other apps . there is an app checking if this happens . but unfortunately i do not remember it is name .
go to settings-> applications-> dropbox-> clear defaults . you can then choose an app to pick a picture again .
i use a combination of keepassdroid , wavelauncher and clipstore , which allows me to access my password manager from any app without having to close it , and copy my password to the clipstore before returning to the app i was in . sounds more complicated than it is ! alternatively , many like lastpass for automatic password storage and entry . but if you really want something gesture based , maybe biowallet along with it is separate biowallet browser might be of insterest . you can assign a signature , which is infinitely more secure than point to point gestures .
if you are in a hot area ( in a car , outside in florida ) this may happen simply because of the surrounding temperature . if this is happening regularly under normal conditions , you may want to contact your seller , as the problem is most likely with the hardware of the phone or battery .
yes . page camera is now included in the evernote widgets . add it to your droid screen just like you would any of the other evernote widgets .
silent mode definitely is not supposed to mute media or alarms . both of those are controlled by you , unlike calls and other notifications that are caused by external events . you would not want to miss your alarm just because you forgot your phone was on silent : ) but it is definitely strange that it disables the volume controls entirely , that must be a motorola thing . you could try the audio manager app for better control over the settings . it does not sync the media volume to the ringer volume , but you can use profiles to quickly set up one where both are muted and then it is easy to switch with a click or two . it also manages alarms , notifications , in-call volume , and " system volume " ( probably the noises you can enable for when you click things and so on ) .
i have found that if i search for an address ( or other location ) , not too long after that i get a card with driving directions to that location . if i tap the card , i am asked if i " care about travel time to this location " . usually i say no , but if i say yes i will have a new card that gives me the travel time to that location , just like for work or home . in case you are wondering , the place to edit your work or home is Settings | My stuff | Places... . only home and work are available for me , but maybe they will add some more custom locations in the future .
in google maps , you can save locations as favorites . they will eventually show up .
if you go to storage in settings , you can see a basic breakdown , i am guessing apps wont be the biggest , however look to see if pictures and videos ; audio ; downloads ; cache or misc . is taking up a lot of space and click on the relevant entry to have further actions ( clearing cache , deleting downloads , etc . . ) . if this option is not available in settings ( it is in aosp , but may not be in touchwiz ) , try searching the play store for a comparable app ( see @user284oo6 ) .
normally when you have removed the applications then your freed storage space has to be reflected . but as you say that even though the total app storage space is not more then 1gb then it is better to go for the antutu tester app to confirm the details of the memory issue . this app will give you a detailed report of the working of the android tablet/device and also gives a rating on your memory , sd card . if the app shows fine then the problem lies with a bug . in order to remove this bug you need to delete the malicious app which causes this kind of problem or simply do a factory reset ( your 's is a rooted device so can not be sure about how to reset your rooted device )
after spending the whole week searching for this issue and testing different settings and tricks recommended by users from other forums , i have finally found the culprits . it seems that the least mark of your fingertips on the lens of your phone 's camera will make it less sensitive to qr codes and barcodes in general . that and also not having autofocus on . things i did that helped : clean the camera lens with a soft cloth to remove fingerprints or other marks turn on autofocus on your camera , if it is not on try setting camera action to macro , this seemed to make it recognize codes faster . i hope these tips can help others as it helped me . edit : also check this forum for more tips on this matter .
i now have gingeryoshi 1.5 running on my htc magic 32a , so i will answer my own question and explain how it went . as for the radio 6.35 , answer is yes , you can use it with the gingeryoshi for 32a new radio . here is how i swithed from 2.2.1 cm6.1 radio 3.22 to 2.3.5 gingeryoshi 1.5 radio 6.35 1 ) i reverted my htc magic back to the stock rom 1.5 + sense , this to simply revert to the new 6.35 radio . i did the update by connecting the phone to usb and running the ruu ruu_sapphire_htc_europe_3.05.401.1_test_signed_nodriver . exe 2 ) then i had to reinstall a recovery , as we have radio 6.35 we need a hero recovery , that is amonra 1.6.2 for hero ( the 1.7.0 wont work with magic ) 3 ) i flashed 1.76.2007 spl at this point only thing left is to flash gingeryoshi . from recovery , do a full wipe . ( i did not care about having an ext partition , so i left my sdcard untouched ) 4 ) flashing " ginger yoshi 1.5 new radio 32a . zip " from recovery following install procedure , answering the questions in order : - no ext - zeam launcher - no swap on ext - big density reboot : new htc logo with hiding bugdroid enjoy gingeryoshi 1.5 and android 2.3.5 , so far everything seems to be working fine , and no more troubles with my simcard . quadrant now gives 387 instead of 299 with cm6.1 :- )
in the first post on that thread , on the line right below where they tell you to flash the new radio , there is a link to the bug tracker , follow that and there is a list of " general questions " . the "32a " section of those questions is : 32a q : can i use the new 6.35 radio ? a : no ! ! it says so in the rom 's op , you should be using the old 3.22 radio , and the 1.33.2009 or 1.33.2010 spl . q : what kernel should i use ? a : this one . . . so it looks like that is the radio kernel that you need to use ? also at the bottom of that first post it has this line : ginger yoshi download folder all roms inside as well as kernels and add on http://www.mediafire.com/?cabub1g3y37gj you will notice that folder has a file in it called " ginger yoshi 1.4 new radio 32a . zip "
make sure that when you add a contact , the contact type is set to gmail . if it is set to phone then it will not sync to gmail and will stay solely on the device . contact type is the first field on add new contact and is set to phone by default .
when you have a htc droid phone with sense , it seems to be required to setup your htc sense account to be able to synchronize contacts between google or exchange and your cell phone . at least , that is a statement which is to be read when starting the sense setup app on your htc phone .
the slideout keyboard comes with quick keys which you can assign to quickly open an app or an item when pressed . open the slideout keyboard . press and hold shortcut key #1 to assign the first quick key . press and hold shortcut key #2 to assign the second quick key . tap ok tap apps or shortcuts , and then tap the app or shortcut that you want to assign to the selected quick key . if you are assigning a shortcut to an item on your phone , follow the screen instructions to proceed . press the quick key you’ve assigned . the app or item opens . source : http://www.htc.com/help/www/howto_iframe.aspx?id=18599type=1p_id=325
i had this phone , and i had this problem . your " search " key is stuck down -- press it a few times to unstick it . this model has a feature where you can press search+e to open email . ( it is , in fact , fully configurable . ) when the search button gets stuck , those shortcuts activate , leading to the behavior you describe .
i have the same phone . i had to do a hard reset . by doing this its like your phone is brand new straight out of the box . no mobile codes which pretty much leaves your phone open . when you get a new phone , they mess with it first before you get it in your hands . they put in codes for their network so all will work properly . when i did the hard reset i couldnt send mms nor recieve them either , but by downloading go sms , i looked at their settings and was able to get my phone right again . if you can not get into the settings to do the factory reset or anything else , then this is the next best option : to do a hard reset turn your phone off . turn it on again holding the power button and both volume keys at the same time until you see the samsung flashing logo . release all buttons and a little cute 3d android will show up . you then will have the option on what you want to do . remove your sim and sd card , or they will be erased along with your phone . your phone will be brand new again .
f-stop media gallery does exactly that . you can preview photos and it has an on-screen 5 star rating and " favorite " button . unfortunately , the tags do not " stay " with the photo if you upload to google+ or facebook .
voice reply is not exclusive for samsung phones : i get it with the same " what is the weather " query on a nexus-7 . but it is controlled by a setting in google now . from the main window , go to the menu and choose settings . from the settings page , you want voice , then speech output . set it how you like . but take note that you only get a voice reply for the special queries that google now is programmed for , not for web searches . to get a list of these special queries , press the microphone icon and ask , " help . "
i can not see the point of doing this when then are commercially available solutions . search using the keywords " mobile power bank " . sure this is an interesting project and you can probably save a couple of bucks , but remember you are traveling in a plane , where you might need to explain to the security officers how your homebrew or " hackish " solution is not an improvised terror weapon .
many laptop nowadays supports charging over usb while sleeping/suspended . so you only need a long usb cable , and put your laptop under the seat in front of you in sleep mode . a 1.5m cable is best but 1m would work as well .
had exactly the same issue . fixed it : set the router to automatically assign dns . turn off pc , router , android . turn on pc , router , android after 15 sec . everything works like before now ! : )
clean all the cache using all-in-one toolbox , and restart your phone . it worked for me .
there are two possibilities : update your pre 4.2 . x sdk to the latest version that includes rsa auth . if i am right to assume you are running linux ( user/ . android/ ) . in case of ubuntu/debian : the ' android-tools-adb ' package provides the adb binary which is preferred to that of the sdk . if it is installed , it must be recent ( > 4.2 ) , because rsa authentication is not integrated in earlier versions . you can manually download that of roaring and install it on 12 . xx , i have tested this already and it worked . or just use that from the sdk . be sure to kill the old adb server instance after upgrading/fixing the version .
as trampster said , currently samsung are only pushing firmware updates through their windows-only kies software . many manufacturers push out the updates wirelessly " ota " ( over-the-air ) straight to the phone , so never go near a pc , and some provide a file that you download onto the phone 's sd card and then boot the phone into a special update mode , none of these have any desktop os requirements . other than that most of android is designed to sync with " the cloud " so mail , calendar , contacts , etc all sync with gmail , social networking sites , and some 3rd party mail/calendar/contacts providers straight from the phone to the server . music , pictures , videos etc live on the micro-sd card in your phone which can be mounted as a drive on any os that can normally mount usb drives . see this superuser question about mounting a galaxy s on ubuntu where it turned out to be much easier than the questioner thought what is the mount point samsung galaxy s for ubuntu desktop ? apps either save their data to the sd card , sync to a server on the web , or ( in very rare cases , but i do have one app that does this ) sync via wifi to a pc on the local lan . so , in general android phones really do not care what your desktop os is , as you will rarely need to do anything other than connect it as a usb drive .
the phone may not care what os it is linking to over the usb connection , but apps may very well might . doubletwist , for instance , is only available for windows and mac .
community roms generally assume linux ; sometimes you will find people posting windows-only instructions or " make it simple for me " binaries - but linux instructions from that are just a matter of finding the " manual , old , hard way " which is typically 5-6 lines entered into a cli and easily scriptable .
so far samsung has pushed it is firmware updates via it is windows only software kies . you can not get the official updates without windows . when i purchased my samsung galaxy s i to assumed updates would come over the air . they do not .
you can check the battery temperature with " system info widget "
overheating . you may have used it intensely and when you lock the screen you then put it in ur pocket ? your phone will be overheating and restarting itself to stop damge to the circuits/processor . similar user issue here
there is no such setting on android phones , but you can use the emulator for this . install the android sdk from developer . android . com and launch it . on the ddms view undet the Emulator control tab , you will find the following options : after you have created an emulator and ran it , you can set these values according to your preferences and test how different networks affect your site .
in cm they have a hack ( or implementation ) so that you can change the volume over the lockscreen by pressing the volume up/down key . also pressing it multiple times will seek/change the track . now i had two cellphones optimus one from lg ( gb ) and another mobistel clone ( running ics ) and the cm rom worked for both of them . firstly requesting , include the model of your phone here and if possible check for some gb/ics rom to have this feature by default . edit : is this device the same you have ? http://get.cm/?device=solana in case you are - cheers ! you are going to be a cyanogener shortly : ) try for a nightly build . i must not say they are super stable but you can get a feel of it , assuming you are running a root device .
vlc supports such a feature . it is the official android version of the world-famous vlc media player . you can change the volume of what you are listening with it while your phone screen is locked . it is available for free on the google play store . vlc is still in beta status however it is quite stable and it works well . it should be noted that vlc is only available for devices with a armv7 hardware architecture . and it is the case of the motorola razr d3 . ; - )
if you are wearing a headset when listening to your podcasts ( which i assume ) , and those are wired and provide a physical button for play/pause , there might be an additional option using physical controls : the playstore offers a bunch of headset control apps -- some of them manufacturer specific , others explicitly manufacturer independent ( in praxis , both mostly work manufacturer independently -- it just might take you a while to find the one working best with your headset ) . those utilize the single button most headsets offer to perform different tasks . for volume control , with most of them long-pressing the button increases volume , while a short press followed by a long one decreases volume ( in both cases , until either you let go of the button or the volume reaches the end of its scale , whatever happens first ) . i personally tried two of them : first i used jays headset control , which worked fine for increasing , but failed in 90% for decreasing volume -- which i address to the fact that i do not have a jays headset . so having a philips headset , i tried philips headset next , and as expected it worked perfectly . jays headset control , the rather device independent headsetbutton controler , and philips headset ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as you can see by these example screenshots , " command sequences " seem to be almost standardized ( for combinations up to 3 presses , that is -- the " quadruple click " seems to be an added speciality of headsetbutton controller ) . so if you want/have to switch at a later time , you do not even have to change your customs regarding this : )
that most likely depends on what phone and interface you have . on , say , a galaxy s3 with the stock touchwiz ui , when music is playing in the samsung player or in google play music , the volume control is enabled at the lock screen . on some other devices , it may not be possible . may i suggest editing your post to include which phone model you have ?
every mobile battery has an inbuilt thermistor , ( which is a transducer which varies its resistance with respect to its temperature ) with which the charging circuit constantly measures the battery temperature . it can even prevent charging the battery if the temperature reaches dangerous level and by controlling its temperature , the life of battery is increased . mobile battery has more than two terminals , one of which is for this thermistor . see the image in my question asked in this site .
general information you might want to take a look at what do the permissions that applications require mean ? -- our " community wiki " which hopefully becomes such a ressource one day . next to that , you might want to take a look at app permissions explained – what do they really mean ? , a blog article at androidpit giving at least some short explanations . techpp 's article use permissions to secure your private data from android apps goes a little deeper into details ( recommended reading ! ) . another nice overview is provided by binarydroids . edit : i have tried to sum up information from all kind of sources i could find , so the probably most comprehensive collection can be found at android . izzysoft . de : permissions . do not be afraid of the " . de": it serves its content in english as well . ( disclosure : i am the owner , creator , and maintainer of that site . ) a last direct recommendation is how app permissions work and why you should care -- and for more , please visit our good old aunt google : ) edit : i could not resist to add more valuable hints , as this is a very sensitive topic . so i will continue updating my answer : android permissions explained , security tips , and avoiding malware , a very thorough article on more than just permissions ( seemingly similar article here ) what can a zero-permissions android app do ? android os : malicious apps can steal permissions ( including a chapter on how permissions work ) the ins and outs of scary android app permissions ( a general introduction into permissions and the " abouts" ) not directly an answer , but an interesting ressource on our sister-site : studies on android users ' attitude to security . names a lot of further sources , studies , etc . , including " permissions " how to find those permission-grabbing add-ons in android reveals another interesting fact i was not aware of , as obvious as it might look once you know it : advertising networks get the same android-permissions as the installed app they’re associated with . ouch ! a paradise for profilers . . . and , there are more permission-grabbing add-ons . . . smartphone apps : is your privacy protected ? use permissions to secure your private data from android apps ( while already from 7/2010 , it still has good explanations on permissions existing back then -- and still there today ) advertizement inside apps also keep in mind that many permissions some app requests might not be required by the app itself -- but rather by some ad module that app uses . so according to techrepublic 14 , mobfox and admob , two of the biggest ad networks , require the following permissions : INTERNET , ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE , ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION , and READ_PHONE_STATE ( so they can know who you are [ READ_PHONE_STATE: phone number , imei/imsi ] , where about you are [ ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION ] , what networks you are connected to [ ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE ] , and whom you are communicating with [ again READ_PHONE_STATE , while in call , for the " remote number" ] ) . does this look a bit too paranoid ? that does not mean nobody 's after you , see deep dive into ad network behavior on android . which means : if you do not feel well with some combinations , you might simply check if the app on your wishlist also has a paid version -- which might do without those permissions , as it does not carry the " ad module " . speaking of this : addons detector will help you figure out which of your apps carry such a module piggyback . in this context , also consider : as trustworthy as the app developer might be , ( s ) he might not be aware of and has no influence on what those " ad modules " do with your data . remember : advertising networks get the same android-permissions as the installed app they’re associated with . 13 on this topic , also read : android apps and advertising : a bit too cozy android ad networks found accessing users’ private data free android apps often secretly make calls , use the camera how to curb aggressive mobile ad networks ( interesting to read for users , recommended reading for developers ! ) android adware abusing permissions , collecting more than they need reports show aggressive mobile apps want many permissions they do not need mobile ad networks accused of invasive apps ( with a " real life example " -- or rather " live example " ? ) top mobile ad networks : check out the networks on what permissions they want , how developers rate them , and more was this shocking news for you ? did i infect you with some " paranoia " -- and now you fell " left alone " with your bad feelings ? i will not leave you without some recommendations . first , you might want to know which potential " data thieves " you already invited to your device , unaware of those risks . it is usually no bad intention of the developer ( you know : " no money , no honey " -- the devs have to make a living as well ) . so having identified some " bad guys " , you might want to confront the dev and give him the option to switch to a different , less " dangerous " ad provider ( after all , the dev might have been unaware of the risks involved as well ) . if he is unwilling , you can still decide whether to kick the offender from your device . or to " go pro " , if there is a pay version available which comes without an ad module inside -- and honor the dev 's work while safe-guarding your data , which i would say is a typical win-win situation . so : what options do you have ? i will give a few examples below . addons detector knows a lot of those modules . high rated ( 4.7 stars at more than 3,000 ratings ) , it not only detects ad modules , but also analytics , development , and licensing modules lookout ad network detector -- nomen est omen -- concentrates on the ad modules . its additional value is the ability to tell you exactly what data is being collected , and by whom . comparable rating ( 4.4 at > 3,000 ratings ) trustgo ad detector offers comparable features , and also gives you details on the ad networks ' behaviour and backgrounds . currently 4.5 at ~ 2,000 ratings . " root users " might also have heard of several ad-blocking apps ( e . g . adaway , adblock plus -- the latter not even requiring root ) , some of them able to not only " block by host/ip " , but directly de-activating the ad modules . well , those are no longer available on the playstore , as google has banned them . but you certainly will find them in other places on the web . make sure to select a trustworthy source , if you plan to make use of those . i recommend f-droid , which has its own " market app " with the same name , so you get updates as well . all apps there are open source and thus free of charge . and no , obviously no " hacked pro versions for free " , all fully legal and lawful : )
i try my best to explain . . you was install the other program that need to synchronize the function . . for example is your phone book . . it need to get information automatic from your phone book . . the number phone and name you was put on contact . . hope u will understand the 1st explanation . . for system tool the application is need the line internet . . example is the facebook . . when the phone into the sleep mode . . it will cut off the internet line for save the batery power state . . you will not being disturb when phone in the sleep mode when u was on sleeping . . the easy word is the phone will function only with the original setting . . u can receive the normal sms and phone call using provider line . . but not the internet line . . i hope you can get the information more by google . . i try to get easy n simple word here . . thx .
please note , this solution will work on some android phones , but not all of them . as of right now your best bet is to make a group . go to contacts or people ( depends on phone ) , view your groups , and then create a new one ( usually done by selecting menu and then add group . then add the contacts you want to that group ( it might be easiest to go online from a computer and do this . then go into the settings of your groups or from the main contact screen and see if you can only show that group as visible . on my phone i cannot select individual groups to show and not show . but i think other android phones can do this . look for a " view " option .
as a workaround , and taking inspiration from @webs answer - why not create an additional google account , enter your bluetooth contacts in that account ( by importing/exporting via the web interface ) and sync that to your phone .
have there been any progress on this ? i did find a program , " bluetooth file transfer " from medieval software , but have not been able to try it yet . http://www.medieval.it ) ok , i tried it , but was unsuccessful
i suspect that the events for which you get notifications have a reminder set in them . so the easiest way to get rid of the notifications is to turn off the reminders in the events themselves . typically , you would not have a reminder in the birthday event but if the event came from somewhere else ( like outlook or other phone ) then the reminder might get added to it . i had this problem on some phones . . . however , it could be very tedious to remove reminders individually if you have many events with unwanted reminders . the second part of the question : i would use tasker app for that . however , you have to pay for it . i am aware of a free automation app automateit ( sorry can not add a link because i do not have enough rep here ) and from description it looks like it can also kill sound based on a rule but i have not used it myself so will not comment . for tasker there are instructions on how to implement " sleep mode " with which the phone with " shut up " at night . if you go down this path i can assist more since i have set this up on my phone and it works quite well .
if it is an htc , theres an option to set " reminders " to " none " instead of the default 10 minutes . it is just under the " description " box in the new event screen . ** * ** * ** * *i am stupid . you said google calendar , i skipped that part when reading the post title . if you go to your online calendar (google.com/calendar) you can edit the event and click the " x " next to " reminders " , and that will remove the alarm on your calendar ( and device , as long as device syncs ) . hope this helps !
i have just published the new version of nudnik calendar notifications . this app integrates seamlessly with your google calendar . there is a quiet hours feature so you can set not to be notified for certain hours . you will get the notifications when the quiet hours are over . check it out - it has the best nag features ( popup , sound , led , vibrations ) + other cool stuff like shake-to-stop/snooze , notify events without reminders , quite hours , and much more ! https://market.android.com/details?id=amprogz.nudnik.full thanks : )
if your computer is a windows pc , i recommend using snap pea described as " android 's best friend " . theres a short video tutorial , as well as explanation on the main front page of its functions . ( having never used it myself i am not sure if it transfer videos , but as its free you have nothing to lose ) http://www.snappea.com/ if you are using an apple mac and your phone is incompatible with htc sync manager , then i recommend using air droid which is browser based . http://www.airdroid.com/
one way would be to use websharing lite available at google play/android market . once installed , you can navigate to an address set up by websharing via your computer and transfer any files you need . edit : there are many applications to do this as pointed out by @richard-borcsik below . this is just one off the top of my head . if you establish a google account for your android device and then log into gmail for that google account , the contacts that you have on the phone/device automatically show up in your gmail contacts list . at least , that has been my experience . so you may not really need a separate application to transfer/update contacts .
you could use gtalksms . it may not be easy to configure for the average user . but if you get the idea , create some xmpp accounts and are able to install one of the many xmpp clients for android on your tablet , you get exactly what you want . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
i have tried several solutions like tablettalk , desksms , but none of them was really reliable . two weeks ago i found mysms which works very similar , but for me works a lot better . you install mysms on your phone and on your tablet ( there is a seperate tablet app for this ) and it immediately syncs your messages from your phone to your tablet . if you send a message from your tablet it will also be synced back to your phone . you get notifications for new messages and have a few settings to optimize them for your use . as far as i know there is no option for forwarding calls , but for texting it is just great !
use tablet talk . i use this between my phone and tablet , and it works flawlessly . auto syncs messages between the two , and forwards texts and calls to the tablet when connected . has lots of settings to autoconnect , and suppress notifications on the phone when it pushes things to the tablet . i have it setup to connect whenever both my phone and tablet are connected to my home wifi network , or when the tablet is tethered to my phone . it even has a floating notification window that you can enable , so you can quickly reply to an incoming text , then get back to whatever you were doing on your tablet . brilliant app , barely use my phone at all any more .
maxs ( modular android xmpp suite ) allows you to send and receive sms messages over xmpp . using an xmpp client on your tablet you can therefore receive and reply to sms messages from your android smartphone . it also allows you to control various aspects of android , includes a sms/call/battery notification and reply system . additionaly it is able to send and receive files to and from your android device . there are many other features too . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into maxs . maxs is an open source gplv3 licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
you can get your sms off your phone to your tablet via desksms . works well , i have been using it for nearly a year now . it'll also forward your sms to your email and you can reply via email just as if you were texting . phone calls is a bit trickier without google voice . the best android app solution in canada now that gv has closed the 403 area code hack is probably bud phone , which gives you free calling within and to most canadian cities . if memory serves , you can forward your phone to it or it to your regular phone . it is run by freephoneline . ca , which is a pretty reliable voip telco .
for text on your tablet , i found an app on google play called textnow . it gives you " text number " in the area code you want and you can text any number ( all for free and not just for " app to app " text only . . . ) . did you find how to make and receive phone call on a tablet without a sim card ?
if you are in the usa , use google voice - it allows a user to make voice calls while on wifi and also allows sending / receiving sms . also look at tablet talk for your sms needs at least . in early development , there is also phone link if you are working on your tablet , i believe the simplest solution for voice calls is to have a bluetooth handsfree paired with your phone so you can make and receive calls .
you could get heywire on your tablet , its completely free texting , they have small adds in the bottom , but you will hardly ever notice em . they give you a new heywire number though . you dont have to buy it or spend any money at all , you just have to download it and install . it doesnt send your cellphones text messages to your tablet though . ive been using it for months now . its quick and very simple . .
in my phone , gmail allows to configure how many days are to be synchronized , and specific labels are allowed to sync either within that period or completely . these labels include inbox , starred , etc . but not all mail . i think they have not implemented all mail as an actual label , but if your phone has this day setting , i would assume it should work . a workaround while it is not fixed by the developers could be adding an equivalent custom label , such as # All Mail or Archived , and creating a filter in the web interface to apply that label to all of your incoming and outgoing mail . by starting the label name with a hash , you give it precedence in label listing .
log in to your google account , use the play store or gmail app . go to settings > accounts and synch and then go to ' contacts ' and hit ' synch now ' . your contacts will be under your google account . the button may be called something different or just be a ' synch ' icon ( 2 curved arrorws in a circle ) but should do the trick . if you have any issues let me know and i will see what can be done !
the hdr function in the nexus 5/kitkat camera app is an optional function that is switched off by default . from some informal testing with my new nexus 5 , how fast the hdr function is at taking photos seems to depend on what is in the photo . taking a close up picture of the well lit surface of my desk seems to be pretty fast ( feels like under 2 seconds ) , taking a picture down the length of my open plan office towards the window seems to take a few seconds longer . it seems to depend on the variation in the lighting ( and possibly the depth ) in the photo , which would make sense as hdr works by taking photos for different light levels and combining them . taking a photo with hdr off seems to consistently take a photo pretty nearly instantly . for me the camera app launches in about 2 seconds from the lock screen ( swiping the lock screen left without unlocking ) and in under a second from an unlocked home screen . the above was written using a nexus 5 running 4.4 . in addition the 4.4.1 update promises further camera speed enhancements , the speed-ups should apparently be particularly noticeable in low light . more : androidpolice : android 4.4.1 will improve the nexus 5 's camera , update expected to roll out over the next couple of days
the problem lies in the number of rows on the screen . on the screenshot in the question , there are six rows designated for shortcuts and widgets . if the number of rows is reduced to five the music widget comes out as it should : screenshot ( click for larger variant )
edge and wifi use cell phone tower triangulation and these have a low accuracy level while using gps , your each device is sending the message to satellite so accuracy is high in simple terms for gps consider you device is sending the signal so accuracy is high but for wifi and edge is based on an average that is calculated from the towers around you so its less accurate
google has a big database of ( hashes of ) wi-fi network ssids . when wi-fi is enabled on your phone , it scans for wi-fi networks , and sends the list to google ( in a hashed form ) . in cities , networks are plentiful , and wi-fi networks are short-range , so the combination of networks it can ' see ' gives a very accurate idea of where you are . a similar thing happens with cellular network cell ids , but these are spaced more widely apart . the phone itself can not perform triangulation , because it only has the received signal strength for each cell it can ' see': it does not know the signal 's angle of arrival , the transmit strength of the cell , or what might be occluding the signal . however , it can still use the combination of which cells it can ' see ' to estimate position , a little more accurately than the distance between cells . even if you are connected to an edge network , if wi-fi is enabled then the wi-fi scanning technique will still be used , so the location estimate will be more accurate . both these techniques are far less accurate than gps , which computes a position based on time differences between signals coming from different satellites . when your device can ' see ' enough satellites , the precision is limited mostly by deliberate interference added by the us government ( which operates the system ) to make it less useful to non-us armed forces .
i stopped music player using " top " command inside adb shell and killing the process id of music app with superuser ( root ) access .
i have the same phone and having the same difficulty on finding any info , so far i have been able to : connect to pc using pdanet auto drivers root using graphical easy root tool install clockworkmod recovery rua1 autocwm v5.5.0.4 hope this helps .
as for all driver problems , you should first try the following : disconnect the device uninstall all drivers for it reboot install the official drivers ( probably the zte-specific ones ) reboot connect the device
why dont you save message as memo . . . you can view anytime you want . . . and when you wish to send . . . simply go to that memo and tab their for 2 seconds . . . it will pop-up send-via . . . choose messaging option . . . and then send . . .
in handcent sms , you can save commonly used snippets as quicktext
for saving drafts , gmail and email both save drafts automatically when you leave the app or lock the phone . for sms , it should keep any text you have entered in the text entry field until you send or delete it .
i swear by waze . it is gives spoken directions . as a plus ( or actually main selling point ) , it is a social gps . that is , by keeping track of speed and location , it knows where there is heavy traffic and routes you around it .
provided that you have a phone running android 1.6 or higher , and are in a supported country , then google maps navigation will do this . you should have navigation as a separate icon in your apps list ( upwards pointing blue arrow icon ) even though it comes with maps . if you do not have that ( and are on a supported version and in a supported country ) then just go to the market and search for the updated version of google maps . i have used it for car and walking directions , and it works very well , do not need to take the phone out of my pocket while walking , as everything spoken through my headphones .
in short , you can not . while a user can limit access and usage of certain applications , an application is unable to limit options/menus inside another application , unless an api is provided to that end . using other words , " external " applications are not able to know what to do within the settings application , in order to follow your desired instructions . have it said , the only way one could achieve such control , would be by preparing a custom rom with those features present . the reason as to why settings diverge from device to device is due to the different device 's specifications and hardware features , that the os detects and uses to control the presentation of certain menu options within the system settings .
afaik , the settings app is just a regular app but with a protected system permission level ( normal apps are not allowed to request system permissions ) . android is open source so you can download the source , create a modified settings app , and install it as a protected system app ( which is needed so it can obtain system permission , needs root ) . to be precise , for the system to grant system permissions , the app must be installed in the /system/app directory as opposed to the normal app install directory .
yes , android has a command-line interface just like a desktop gnu/linux system . but because it is an embedded system without storage space to throw away on features most users do not want , there are not a lot of commands installed by default : just some specific ones used to interact with android services ( such as am and pm ) . because the manufacturer can customize the system image , there is no definitive list of what commands are available : it varies from device to device . to add more commands , you can install busybox , which is a single package containing a set of the most-used unix command-line utilities . there are several " busybox installer " apps on google play , but as it is open-source , you can also install it from f-droid or build it yourself from source . as you have already seen , there is a wide variety of terminal emulator apps . these run on your android phone and provide a window into which you can type commands and see the results . often they come with ssh clients and the like built-in , because the most common use for a terminal emulator on an android phone is to ssh into a bigger computer . in addition , running adb shell from a desktop computer that is connected to the phone via adb gives you a shell on the phone . you can instead run <code> adb shell command </code> to run <code> command </code> in a shell on the phone . neither of the above methods of starting a shell make you root by default , but if your phone is rooted , you can use the su command in the usual way to become root . whichever root manager you have on your phone ( superuser , supersu , etc . ) will probably pop up on the screen for you to confirm the root access . shell scripts run on android in the usual way , but as i have already mentioned , you do not get a lot of commands to play with by default , so many scripts written for desktop simply will not work .
on my dashboard it shows my devices and a list of application data that is stored on the server . do you have backup enabled to google servers ? it is usually a setting in the privacy menu .
that phone would most likely be tied to verizon , if it is from a contract . you would first need to root and unlock the phone - so that it can be used with other networks - before you can flash cm on it .
i finally figured out how to fix this . i do not know if this is the best way to do this , and if this is unique to just this phone , but here 's what worked for me : rebooted the phone unlocked it at the lock screen that popped up when i came to the activation setup pages , i pulled down the notifications shade " quick settings " > > " all settings " > > home button i am not sure how exactly this worked ( glitch or bug , maybe ? ) , but it did . thanks for all the help !
after exploring a little more , i found this solution : click your device " home " button ; tap " settings" ; tap " sound" ; tap " vibrate" ; select either " never " or " only when not in silent mode " . that is it !
go to your settings on your phone when in your settings go to " sound " , then " silent mode and vibrate " and things will pop up push " silent mode " then push " vibrate " , then " never " then your phone is all the way off ! !
as you have suggested , this is a samsung-only widget . you can easily find equivalents on google play if you want one ; perhaps you will even find something you like better than your old samsung widget .
that is a samsung-specific widget . i would suggest you to install other apps from play store with same functionality . you can give timely alarm clock a try .
try touchdown . their feature list includes " email folders " and allows for rules/filters ( per this thread ) . if you like it , make sure to buy a licence before the 30-day trial is up . i am not an exchange-on-android user myself , but of those i know who are many prefer touchdown .
custom keyboard layouts is an official feature of android 4.1 jelly bean . it is called " user-installable keymaps " , see more here . if you do not want to wait/upgrade : besides this , android uses keymaps also for bluetooth hid devices ( your device , some number keypads , apple bluetooth keyboard , etc . ) . more info how to change this is here .
no . instead you may lose your root access in turn , because some system settings go back to default when updating a device , which will probably include your superuser . your personal data and installed apps will not be affected .
i believe that matthew read is correct about there being no native way to sync this , and about locale 's ability to work around this , but i am going to suggest some cheaper and simpler alternatives to the $10 locale app : tasker ( $6.50 ) : basically the same as locale but cheaper . with this ( and probably locale ) you could set a profile that turns on autosync for only 5 minutes and repeats this every hour ( or whatever timeframe you want ) . also , tasker can use locale plugins . juicedefender ( free ) : i have used it before ( although never tried what you are trying to do ) and it is super easy to setup and use . it allows you to control total connectivity and app by app connectivity control . it also claims to allow you to schedule " synchronization events " , which i have never tried by sounds like it would control general and app specific syncing . sync schedule ( free ) : i do not think this will be as useful as the name suggests but if all else fails it is worth a shot . it allows you to set times for the autosync to turn off and on but i am not sure if it lets you set multiple time windows per day so this may be of limited use . also regarding your " is there any way to make it pause when i actually want to use the phone ? " question , the native android power control widget has an autosync as one of the options allowing you to toggle it on/off at will .
i do not know of any way to set the sync frequency or to make syncing low-priority , unfortunately . you could use locale to turn off/on auto-sync based on profiles you set up , however . there is a locale plugin that might do most of the work for you : https://market.android.com/details?id=net.andvari.android.syncsetting
it is the same . at least in my setup ( htc desire s ) . the image i favorite end up in a gallery folder with the same name as the dropbox folder they are in . edit : the gallery app might play a big role in this . on some systems they are known to take quite a while to update etc .
you can try it in other modes than power saving . to make you phone in vibrate only mode , hit the volume keys till the volume bars come down and shows the vibrate mode . yes when on vibrate mode all notification via whatsapp or fb messenger will be via vibration only .
i was having the same problem with the vibration for my phone even when vibration was turned on for calls/texts/etc until i realized it was because the vibration intensity was turned all the way down . go to settings , click on sound , then click on vibration intensity and make sure it is turned up .
power saving mode ( by default ) turns off some vibration , but it should only turn off the " haptic feedback " vibration ( vibration when you touch certain ui controls ) . you can change that by going to settings , power saving mode , and unchecking " turn off haptic feedback " . that is the mode i run my sgs3 in all the time . to get vibration working for text messages , you also need to enable vibration in the settings of the Messaging app itself ( i am not sure which settings you were referring to when you said that you " went into settings and enabled everything that has the word " vibrate " in it" ) . to do that , go to the conversation list in the messaging app ( not an individual conversation ) , hit the menu button , then select settings . look for the " notification settings " section and check " vibrate " . to get vibration working for incoming calls , there is a similar setting in the Phone app . launch the Phone app , make sure you are on the Keypad , Logs , or Favorites tab , tap the menu button , select Call settings . then select Ringtones and keypad tones and select Incoming call vibration . the Device vibration will let you modify the vibration pattern used ( so you can tell an incoming call from a text message / email ) . to get to the Phone and Messaging apps : press the " home " button at the bottom of the phone ( the physical button in the middle ) . that brings you to your home screen . the touch the " apps " button ( it looks like 9 square white dots , and is usually on the lower right of the home screen ) . that will bring up a list of all applications installed on the phone . scroll through looking for an app named Messaging ( or Phone ) . the icon for the Messaging app looks like a white envelope with a yellow piece of paper coming out of it . the icon for the Phone app looks like a green square with a white phone receiver on it . tap the app icon , then follow the instructions for each app above to activate vibration for text messaging and incoming calls .
i found that by tweaking the following settings , the overall performance of my phone had increased . go to settings > developer options scroll down to Window animation scale and change the value from 1x to . 5x ( if you want faster performance you can turn this setting off ) . do the same for Transition animation scale and Animator animation scale . in order to reach these settings you must have access to Developer Options . on android 4.2 and newer , developer options are hidden by default . to access them , go to Settings > About phone and tap Build number 7 times . return to the previous screen to find developer options .
what if you used tasker/locale with this plugin ? you could then turn off data using apndroid .
chrome to phone is a great app . it is one of my most used apps . install chrome to phone from app brain or the android market . next install the chrome extension . finally find the directions on google maps and click the chrome to phone button . this will open up either the web page , google maps , or google navigation ( can not remember ) on your device assuming your device is connected to the internet . however , since this is not a phone i suspect you will not have an internet connection while you are driving which could be a problem if you are trying to use google maps/navigation .
osmand is the perfect software for this . i just had to download it from market , then download new york maps from the app , and then disable the internet connection from settings . mapdroyd did the same , though , after i checked it out .
google maps 5.0 has an offline mode that will allow you to view maps without an internet connection . google is now caching large areas on android devices based on what areas they frequently search in google maps from their android phone or tablet . this means people living in new york city , for example , will always have local street and area maps content . but if that is not satisfactory , there is always mapdroyd : mapdroyd stores map files locally on your device using our highly compressed and efficient micromap format which is designed and optimized for embedded devices .
take a look at these two transit map apps : nycmate and nyc bus and subway map both include bus maps for each borough which are detailed enough to get you around and incredibly useful if you find you have walked too far and you really want to sit your way back home .
as a quick fix that got the meetings i have now onto my phone , i pulled up all forthcoming meetings and appointments that had not synced using outlook , forwarded them to myself , and then pulled up the e-mails on my phone and accepted each invite . this worked and did not create any dupes on either the phone or outlook . that works for now , and it seems that appointments i have created in outlook since i set up the phone to sync are syncing correctly , if a bit delayed . we will see about meeting invites i accept from others . now , this solution only works because most of my schedule is regular recurring meetings , so i only had to resend a few invites . if there is a solution that does not require re-accepting every invite for every meeting for the foreseeable future , i am sure it would be helpful to those of us that have a fuller , more free-form appointment schedule .
dropbox is making it seem more complicated than it really is . unlike on the pc version of dropbox , the files you see in the dropbox app are not actually stored on your tablet . it is just a list of files you could download . when you view the file from dropbox , it downloads it temporarily into dropbox 's private storage area , and then temporarily gives the app you choose access to the file . just click " save to sd card " . that actually downloads the file to your tablet , and saves it permanently in a storage area that other apps have access to . after that , the image will show up in gallery , probably in its own " dropbox " album .
you can use either the way geff_chang suggested or use android service menus in the service menu , it is located at Software info -&gt; Phone info you can always use third party apps as well .
maybe this post from xda will answer your question . this is not an apn problem , it is a sim problem . your provider has one set of numbers on your card , and another set of numbers that actually identify the network , and they do not match . technically , from the phone 's point of view , you are roaming , even if it is the same provider . from the provider 's point of view , you are not roaming . up until cupcake , we had that same problem here in canada when using the " fido " network ( which is owned and operated by " rogers" ) . the network identified itself as " rogers " , the sim cards identify themselves as " fido " , the phone think 's its roaming . so ; you do not need to worry about roaming charges when you are actually connected to the correct network . but ; you do not have an easy to read display to tell you when you are really roaming , nor can you make configurations that are based on whether you are or are not roaming .
from the code comments : // ... Verify it matches one of the given public // keys.  you can not just use any old signature , that would defeat the purpose . apks , on the other hand , are intended to be created and distributed by anyone and the signature is ostensibly to verify the source rather than limit the source .
i believe there is no such feature available . you can either enable the sync which will sync all your albums or to not to sync at all .
in most cases your phone will only draw as much power as it needs , and it is ok that the charger can provide more . however , unless you know that your phone will do this and has other power management safety features , i would not use the charger myself . i have never had a phone ruined , but i have had batteries ruined by non-official chargers ( including one charger that claimed to meet the specifications for my phone ) .
as long as your charger device deliveres the right voltage then you should be safe . the maximum current specification is how much ampare it can deliver before the voltage from your charger goes out of usb voltage specs or blows a fuse . i do not know how they have constructed the htc desire battery chargine part , but i would use your charger . they should have some current limiter for the battery in any case , or you could not charge your phone in an ordinary computer usb connection .
i have the droid incredible 2 , and i was running into the same thing , but i figured out a way to get it to work : hold down the volume down button of the headset while inserting into your phone . you should now see the headset recognized as a microphone headset , and so your mic and your clicker should both work .
this ( the mic not working ) is apparently a widely known bug with the thunderbolt . sorry , this is probably not the answer you were looking for , but it appears to be an issue with that particular phone and trrs ( tip ring ring sleeve ) headsets . out of curiosity , do you see a " headset " ( little boom below the ' phones ) icon on the phone when you plug it in , or just the stereo headphones icon ? apple uses the standard pinout in their headset jack , and the button works the normal way ( by crossing ground/common and mic ) . if you have a phone that follows the standard , it should work
i have been neck deep in exactly this for a long time , the problem is apple innovates special stuff that is not compatible with other brands , they have deals with many accessory manufactures to make stuff that has many functions like mic and buttons that do great things like change tracks and skip etc . what i find is android is totally lacking , and it is a gamble when you try it . some things work with either or , some with specific phone models , there is just so many different things all trying to do everything at once . i use skullcandy headphones , which i love , and have a thunderbolt i found out certain types of headphones only work with apple , the label says it , some with both apple and android , to an extent . apple has the button actions that android does not , the mic os hit or miss . i found there is the buttons on the wire that have a rocker with center , they seem to only work with apple , mic too , but the smaller single button works with the mic . i can turn my mp3 player with one press and call the the last number connected via voice call with double press . . . but its so complicated and many variables , just do not try to use headphones for both platforms if they specifically say works with iphone , ipad and i-etc . . . what a ramble . . .
an apple accessory only working in apple hardware - sounds about right to me ; - ) . you can get converters take a look here but it is probably cheaper to just get some ' standard ' ones .
yes , you can download an app to change the priorities of the buttons . i just got myself the etymotic mc3 set ( for iphone ) , and use headset button controller . you can make different profiles , and there are many options for the buttons . . . almost too many . imo , it is better having the three-button mic if you also own an ipod touch or iphone . you could also look at klipsch s4a ( android ) , if you can find them .
try downloading btunes for the thunderbolt and then holding down the volume button as you plug the head phones in . i have some bose headphones i bought at the apple store and this seems to do the trick
" i was told my a bestbuy guy , that apple headphones do not work with android devices . " thats not true you can video chat with someone on qik or tango and it works fine plus i have a pair of sony and bose that also dont work with it . and it has three rings at the input part of the headphones . i also have the htc thunderbolt .
they both may have 3.5mm jacks , but if you look at it you can see the the insulating plastic bands around the metal jack . the problem is that apple wire these sections of the jack up to different inputs than other manufacturers , so that different sections of the jack carry different signals than normal . i have heard that as long as you are happy with getting mono rather than stereo sound out of the speakers , then you can get the microphone to work by pulling the jack out of the socket slightly . rim used to do the same thing with their 3.5mm jacks on blackberrys , but i believe they use the same configuration as most manufacturers ( except apple ) now .
the guy at bestbuy has incorrectly informed you , it will work , but it depends on the phone . it works on my droid charge . . with the mic , i had to force the headphone plug to go further into the phone . . . and the mic work . . . the remote however requires a driver . . . that has not been made yet ( to my knowledge ) for the headphones
found a fix after a couple minutes of messing with the headphones ! ! plug your apple headphones with mic in then hold both volume up and down keys on the headphones until you see the symbol on the thunderbolt showing a headphone with a mic !
the configuration for i devices in the case of headphones that also use a mic is different than for other products in general . headphone and mic combos that state " designed specifically for ipod " etc . often will not function with non mac devices . the headphone may function but mic and volume controls etc may not function correctly . if you are lucky they will , if not so lucky . . . .
according to amazon 's developer agreement ( see section 2 ( a ) ) a developer receives at least 20% of the price the developer sets for the app , regardless of the price amazon actually sells it for . according to everything i have read , this applies when amazon makes an app free ; it is not a special case . edit : they changed the agreement , adding the sentence " no royalty is payable for apps with a list price of $0.00 . " this may or may not have changed the original meaning of the agreement ; the definition of " list price " ( section 5 ( i ) ) was thought by many , myself included , to mean the original price set by the developer . the wording is not clear and a lot of people obviously misunderstood what was supposed to happen .
i think it is amazon who is paying for those apps . amazon wants users to get used to using their store . the other answer provides better details .
apparently nobody . the developer gets $0 . http://shiftyjelly.wordpress.com/2011/08/02/amazon-app-store-rotten-to-the-core/ via http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/j6neg/amazon_app_store_rotten_to_the_core/
long press on that wifi connection , tap on show advanced settings . fill in your details . the google play store , and whatsapp will not work . for that you will have to root your phone , and install proxy droid or some such proxy app .
i have also encountered this " bug " but with a $ character . whenever i typed $ it automatically inserted spaces before and after the $ character . my solution was to turn off " automatic spacing " on the samsung keyboard settings and this worked for me ever since .
in the comments , ce4 pointed out what was going wrong . a space gets inserted automatically after each exclamation mark ( and probably other sentence limiting characters like full stop , half stop or question mark too ) , resulting in an invalid password with a space char too much . whenever i enter an exclamation mark , i also enter the following character , use backspace twice and then enter the following character again . seems to be the simplest solution yet . samsung should consider turning off these weird auto-complete stuffs in password boxes !
i have managed to get access to the phone with a app called " ssh server " from the play store . it let 's you create the users , and from there when logged on to the server , i can su . i have managed to mount / rw with this access .
you first have to convert both dates to seconds using variable convert . then subtract those two values to get the number of seconds between the two dates and convert that value to the number of days by /24/60/60 ( hours/minutes/seconds ) . here is a sample task that illustrates using 08-01-2014 as %startdate and today ( %date ) which is 08-23-2014 as %today . the result is 22 days . a1: variable set [ name:%startdate to:08-01-2014 do maths:off append:off ] a2: variable convert [ name:%startdate function:date time to seconds store result in:%startdateinseconds ] a3: variable set [ name:%today to:%date do maths:off append:off ] a4: variable convert [ name:%today function:date time to seconds store result in:%todayinseconds ] a5: variable set [ name:%secondssince to:%todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds do maths:on append:off ] a6: variable set [ name:%dayssince to:%secondssince / 24 / 60 / 60 do maths:on append:off ] you could shorten this a bit by eliminating a3 and replacing %today with %date in a4 . also , you could combine a5 and a6 by using ( %todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds ) / 24 / 60 / 60 . i split it up only to show the individual steps better .
after some digging around , it turns out that there is indeed a way to handle localization in the sdk that could help answer this question , but from the localization documentation , i do not get the impression an end-user can easily find these files and read them . izzy 's two suggestions from the comments are really the best available solutions here . switch the system language in the settings , provoke the error message , write it down , and switch back . while the system language is switched , all apps will use this if not explicitly told otherwise . you could try is to google for the translation , which might turn up the translation xml file holding both , original string and translation .
i believe this feature is called text reflow and is not an actual a feature of android but more of htc . the htc browser reflows the text as you zoom in . this can get very annoying especially because after reflowing it can move your focus area to the closesr text not what you were zooming into . my personal pick for an alternative browser is dolphin browser™ mini . it has both the functionality you are missing in the stock htc browser but also the speed you expect when loading webpages and launching the browser . dolphin browser™ mini
it looks like you can not turn off this feature . just as an " other-side-of-the-coin " perspective , i find that the reformatting does what i want and expect nearly all of the time , in that when i finish zooming , the text i am looking at fills the screen at the size i have zoomed to . your options seem limited , then , to : trying one of the other browsers available in the market , or lobbying htc to fix their browser , or learning to love the way the htc browser does it . . . edit : this does appear to be an htc feature , not stock android . amusingly , the first site i have noticed where the feature does not work right is htc . com itself , on the very page describing its benefits . . .
google play requires android 2.2 or higher . since your phone has 2.1 , it will not run . you will either need to upgrade android ( which may not be possible with your phone ) or sideload any apps you want to install from now on .
you can download from softpedia . before that , however , you will need to make sure you have selected the Unknown Sources for installing applications .
there are quite a few galaxy tab roms on the xda forums , here , most of them with instructions on how to do it .
i have diagnosed several battery related anomalies with a combination of two apps : one called diagnosis and the other gsam battery monitor pro . gsam is not as robust but it offers a greater filtering options to sort the culprits by cpu usage , power usage , memory usage . . . . in every case it turned out to be a problem with an app or a setting or my current rom but those apps helped me track down the problem . you may also want to check your device 's logs for clues . you can use alogrec to record your logcat , then note the time of a spontaneous shutdown then check the log to see what events lead up to it . i can barely understand what is contained in my logcat but this forum post may help you .
i followed this guide rooting mine : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1773659 i started at step 1 . how to install twrp or cwm : on stock firmware or custom roms - gb , ics and jb the guide even has a section for troubleshooting odin errors . be careful with odin . when you are editing your bootloader . you can brick your device if you do it wrong , and then your only option is jtag repair , which will cost you ~$50
gingerbread is totally buggy about free space . i have even used a2sd , and moved that dalvic cache to ext partition ok . i got an extra 80mb , but that amount is decreasing each day . i am sad a bit about this . i would recommend that you root your devices and go back to froyo . i need to use an application which needs android 2.3 and on froyo i would not able to install it . i am sad because i like my htc desire . i do not consider it to be so old that it should be replaced by a new device . what can we do ? :- )
i found a user reporting 123 mb of free internal memory after the upgrade , vs 134 mb on a stock froyo , so you lose 11 mb when upgrading , although it seems that applications take up less space and app2sd is more efficient . i would like to hear more stories though .
i am surprised that there is not more to find on this subject . . i was going to do a factory reset , so i thought i might as well update . after the update i installed almost all the apps that i had before , and instead of 15mb free ( that i used to have ) , i now have 75mb free :p
to copy from al 's answer here : if there is an official update to android 2.3 ( check the post on gingerbread updates ) then you will get a notice on your phone ( eventually ) . just follow the instructions . if there is not an official update and you do not want to wait for one , you will need to root your phone and install a custom rom .
to check for phone updates , go into applications > settings > about phone and tap system updates or check for updates . however , if a new update comes out , then you should get a notification informing you so and giving you update instructions . if you root your phone , then you could install unofficial updates that are not from t-mobile . there are instructions at http://forums.androidcentral.com/t-mobile-optimus-t/43138-how-root-lg-optimus-t.html if you want to do so .
unlikely to be possible in this context , as dalvik cache has a fixed system-wide location ( /data/dalvik-cache ) . so you cannot have " linked apps place their dalvik cache directly on sd " . either all or nothing . take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki for alternative approaches which might allow to move the entire dalvik cache to your sdcard . but a selective move imho is impossible . remark : an exception to this general rule are odexed roms , where the .odex files sit in the same place as the app , at least for system apps . so there might be a way to do the same for " user apps " which i have missed . )
it was current data usage from settings > data usage > show on lockscreen .
that is possible . just create a filter where mails from the adress xyz immediately will be deleted . as soon as you want to receive the mails again just delete the filter . ( when you create a filter in the gmail web interface the filters take effect everywhere ; on your galaxy , too . )
thanks for advice , problem was with ms exchange . i had to delete ms exchange account and recreate after this exchange asked me about permission for account and everything works fine .
t-coil is a function of the phone hardware . it requires the speaker to be rigged in a specific manner to allow it to inductively couple with the coil in the hearing aid , though there exist telecoil adapters such as the music link for devices without such support . you can often find listings of what devices offer what kind and level of support for hearing aid compatibility on carrier sites , such as these listings from at and t and verizon . the ctia also has a more general database ( though it seems to be experiencing issues at the moment ) for finding devices with all types of accessibility features , including hearing aid compatibility , as well as information on accessibility services offered by carriers , and more . the global accessibility reporting initiative operated by the mobile manufacurers forum offers a similar service , though more global in scope , for finding devices with accessibility features the m and t indicates whether it supports acoustic coupling ( which tinkers with the sound to allow a hearing aid to pick it up more easily ) or telecoil respectively and the number indicates how good the support is , on a scale of 1 to 4 , with 4 being the best ( though ratings of 1 and 2 are pretty much never seen ) . as a general rule , telecoil is just about always better than acoustic , regardless of the numbers for each .
is your nexus 4 100% stock ? ( i.e. . no xposed module changes , or low-level tweaks like status bar mods and dpi changes ) . verification will fail if the system files on your device do not match factory/the expected ones . i had this happen to me several times with both my n4 and n5 . reverting the changes i made ( thankfully , they were not too many ) fixed it .
you can use the nexus factory images to upgrade your phone to android 4.4 ( now 4.4.2 ) . to do this have a look at this question .
android does not include a telnet daemon . use the included android debug bridge ( meant for development or power users ) . it comes with the official sdk ( http://developer.android.com/sdk/ ) . install both " tools " packages enable usb debugging in your phone settings run ./platform-tools/adb shell in yor sdk folder ( needs approprate usb rights for your phone ) you then have a local shell on your phone . if you definitely need access over network install an ssh server app ( search play store for sshdroid or quicksshd ) . you might want a secure shell server on a mobile device that connects to multiple maybe unsafe networks like public hotspots .
an alternative to the former answer is installing terminal ide . its really nice , but read the description to consider stuff like : nb : this app cannot be installed onto the sdcard because you do not get ' execute ' permissions on that mount . it must run in this app 's private memory on the device [ also much more secure ] . you can of course still read / write to the sdcard and store files there . also - once extracted it takes up about 100mb . you have been warned .
it looks like a whatsapp problem . your best bet would be to raise this concern with whatsapp themselves . there is no guarantee that they had fix it , but this is not google / android issue either ( from a general perspective ) . developers should follow " best practices " when developing android apps . update 2013-10-07: this issue has been discussed in xda , and it is because of how whatsapp handles notifications ( no specific details given ) . in that thread , there is a possible solution using the light flow app .
from within the stock android environment , you can at least force contacts to the voicemail . it is not possible to block sms directly , at least not without root ( to my knowledge ) . i have a nexus 4 , so your options might differ from what i have . if you go in the people app , you will be able to find your spam contact . in the top-right corner , you will have the ⋮ button ( or the menu button on the device ) . there will be an option " all calls to voicemail " . if you check this , all numbers within that contact will be sent to your voicemail and will not vibrate/alert you .
it looks like you are calling the application by the wrong name . it is adb not abd . the message you posted from the console is when the file ( or command ) does not exist in the current directory ( or in the environment path ) it stands for android debug bridge .
you might need to reboot after changing the system 's path variables . in any case , if you navigate to the directory where adb is installed before issuing commands , you will not need to modify anything . cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools adb devices  this should work , assuming you installed the sdk to c:\androidsdk directory .
my brother had a samsung galaxy s-4 , and he started having minor issues with it so he brought it into the store . the end result was him walking out with an s-5 , and he explained to me a galaxy-specific process that allowed him to put everything into the new phone . his contacts , wallpapers , music and everything else . i assume that he started the process on the older phone , and this might not be helpful to you , but that is all i know and hopefully this is helpful to you somehow . wish i could do more , that is awful .
i am missing some information : is your phone rooted ? do you have usb debugging enabled ? are your contacts synced to your google account ? since it is not clear from the question - have you checked that your contacts are not already backed up to your google account ? if you had your contacts synced - then they should all be backed up to the cloud / your connected google account . if that is not the case , and all you need is to be able to see your screen and control your phone ( via the app of your choice ) - you can try this kind of solution - an an mhl-enabled usb port . also , maybe airdroid , can help as well .
click the notification which will open Data usage settings and move the orange warning bar above data usage level . next warning will appear when the warning level is exceeded again .
connect your phone open the windows device manager open each relevant device ( if more than one is shown ) , choose " update driver " , and select android_winusb.inf
i also contributed a lot of time to the adb problem . ( galaxy p7510 vs win7 64bit ) after struggling with non-offical drivers , android_winusb . inf , 64bit jdk , and even having virtualized a 32bit os . . , finally i found a work-around ! just come back to share with anyone concerns . reference : connect to android with adb over tcp the above instruction requires a pc which can adb to your tablet over usb . better work-around is root your device firstly , and then download a adbwireless utility , so you can switch your tablet to adb tcp mode even without usb connection at all . hth !
first got to the driver installation settings . it should ask you if you want windows update to automatically install your drivers . choose " no " ! ( you will be turning it back on when done so do not worry . ) second go to system properties and in the upper left click on advanced system properties . click on environment variables and create a new one . you want your variable name to be devmgr_show_nonpresent_devices and the value to be 1 . third head to the device manager and under the view tab check " show hidden devices . " now uninstall all the android related drivers , especially the ones whose icons are gray . restart your computer but do not change your settings back yet ! instead open a command prompt window in the folder that houses the android drivers ( . inf files ) you wish to manually install . now copy the following and paste it into the command prompt and change the part at the end that reads &lt;file&gt; to the name of the driver .  rundll32 syssetup,SetupInfObjectInstallAction DefaultInstall 128 .\&lt;file&gt;.inf  if your mouse spins for a second and your desktop icons flash it is a successful install . you get a message if it is not . repeat for all drivers . change back your device installation settings to " yes " and go about your business cause we are done here ! now you can attach your phone to your computer .
my question is is there a way to force a particular android apps for android version below 4 to run in the background when the phone is sleeping ? it depends on the app . if it can run in background , just press Home button , or open any other app ( i.e. . : without exiting this app ) , it will be running in background . i should be able to call those android apps that i specific to run in the background to come to the foreground for me to interact with . just open that app again ( i.e. . : switch to that app ) . it will start working in foreground again .
it is up to the developer of an app to specify what it should do in the background . apps have two kinds of component . ( actually , there are more kinds , but they are irrelevant to the question . ) the first , activities , can display on the screen , and can only run in the foreground . however , when you leave an activity with the home key , it gets an opportunity to save its state , so when you next run the same activity , it can appear in the same state you left it . ( for example , an email app might display the same email you were looking at before , instead of going back to the inbox . ) the second kind , services , run in the background , and do not display on the screen . they have to be written in a different way to activities , to make sure they do not run down the battery , and they have some control over when they start and stop running . if an app does not save its state , or gives an error when you come back to it after using a different app , you should report that to the developer of the app , so they can fix the bug .
as far as i know , whatsapp requires a mobile device with a phone number . the idea being that your phone number becomes your whatsapp account id . should your phone number change , you get a new account . just like if someone needs to call you up , if someone needs to message you on whatsapp , they will need your new phone number . if , after getting a new cellphone account or switching carriers , you want to retain your whatsapp account , you will need to have ported your phone number through your new wireless carrier . although , in some countries , you are entitled to a port , depending on the place , you may have to hefty pay fees , wait varying amounts of time or just be unable to port your number . in all cases , though , you will need to arrange the port prior to canceling the old number . when you think of it , not much is associated with your account . it is just : undelivered messages . your status message . a bunch of info you do not have access to that the company 's no doubt selling to advertisers :- ) your pending balance , if you paid for the service . if your concern is your balance , you may want to contact whatsapp directly on this . they may have a way to transfer this to a new number .
hebrew is supported in android 4.0 ( it is there since android 2.2 froyo ) . you can use it as : - system language - keyboard input language ( you can set more than one keyboard to quickly toggle it during use by long pressing ' space ' when more than one keyboard setting is active ) actually , this question has been asked before some time ago : is hebrew support built into android ?
in short , you are correct . disabling in-app purchasing completely via In App Purchasing option makes password-protecting under the Parental Controls settings redundant . it is definitely confusing , and could have been better accomplished by having just one setting with 3 options : disable , allow , allow with a password . it is possible that these two settings used to work differently on older versions of this app , and developers decided that keeping the settings separate would be less confusing to existing users than combining them .
go to your phone dialer and enter these codes ( they work in my samsung galaxy nexus , jelly bean 4.2.1 ) : ' testing ' menu : *#*#4636#*#* ( the same as *#*#INFO#*#* ) imei number : *#06# additionaly check out the page secret codes for android , full of codes ( some of them did not work in my phone ) and screenshots note : please be extremely careful with the options , because they are not intended to be messing with them .
as the how has already been explained , you might want to have the what as well : there are several lists on the internet ( just google for " secret codes" ) with many of those codes . not all of them work on all phones ( some are device or manufacturer specific ) , but many are common to all android devices ( and some times even to all smartphones ) . i will not list all of them here , but a few more important to be known include . . . use at your own risk -- some options might prove dangerous ( e . g . the factory format ) -- especially if you do not know what they are supposed to mean , think twice or better avoid the option .
well , there is a menu available for handsets running android os . to get the menu , go to your stock phone app and type the following . **#*#7378423#*#* it is simply *#*#SERVICE#*#* there are many things you can do in this menu . view service information check service settings carryout service tests reset customization settings some of these items may differ from handset to handset . these are the typical menu items available . this menu comes handy when checking the total call timer ( in service tests ) , rooting status check ( in Service info -&gt; Configuration ) , etc .
i think what you need to do is subscribe to your calendar in google calendar , then have your calendar app sync with this feed--much like you would sync additional calenders like days of the week , etc . subscribe to public calendars using the calendar address click the down-arrow next to other calendars select add by url from the menu find the address of the google calendar in icalendar format , or if you have the icalendar address of a calendar from a different application ( for example , apple 's ical ) , you can use this as well . enter the address in the field provided click the add calendar button . the calendar will appear in the other calendars section of the calendar list to the left . then , in the calendar app , or s planner , on your phone choose the additional calendars to display .
there is no such feature on android natively . however , there are quite a few " automation " type apps that can do this for you . some of the better known ones are tasker , automateit , locale and llama . all of these allow you to define a trigger ( e . g . " charger plugged in " in your case ) and set up various actions such as toggling settings . keep in mind that most of these apps require excessive permissions in order to be able to change system settings ( and some toggles even require root . ) also , some manufacturer ui overlays and custom roms allow you to set up profiles with different settings . switching these profiles is either a manual process , or does not provide such granularity in configuration as the automation apps .
the google drive app by default opens spreadsheets in list view - a sort of data-entry only mode in which you can edit data but not equations . you can select spreadsheet view - this used to be in a link at the bottom of the spreadsheet which involved zooming right out , now it seems to be at the top toward the left ( this may vary by app/android version ) . you may need to force it to continue to the desktop view - it will warn you that you may not have access to all features . once in spreadsheet mode ( which is a little ropey ) you should be able to edit any columns .
the new version of gdrive fixes this problem , however the offline-compatibility is worse .
the option to choose a certificate is available with enterprise encryption ( 802.1x ) . judging by your comment , your android thinks it is using a different encryption method than it should , so have you attempted manually adding the network , and specifying the encryption type ? please bear in mind that not all wifi cards and devices support that encryption method .
try proxydroid from the play store . it might solve your problem .
stock gallery is a system app which can not be disabled if you are not rooted . titanium backup pro can freeze it , but only if it gets root access . rooting will violate your warranty , but you can always get your warranty back after un-rooting device . there is no way for anyone to catch you after that . in case , you are unable to find an un-rooting method , you can flash original firmware . its the ultimate solution . so , you can go ahead to root your device .
you can use an alternative launcher like launcher pro / adw / go launcher etc . all of these have options for hiding apps from the app drawer . unfortunately , the gallery app will still appear in share and send to menus in various apps . no way around that . if you would rather certain folders remain invisible to the gallery app , place a blank file named .nomedia in the folder to keep it from being displayed in the gallery . unsure if quickpic will also have same functionality .
your phone needs space for upgrades , temp files , and the like . you can not fill it up to the brim any more than you can fill the hard drive a computer os is on . google will not do away with it . if you are out of space and your phone does not take an sd card , then yes you will have to clear up space for new apps . if it takes an sd card and you have root or 2.2+ , you should be able to move many of your apps onto it ( search for how ) , and app2sd support is being encouraged .
really all that was really necessary was to click on the phone 's search button and type in " settings " . the top result should be the " settings " application . you click on that and it opens your settings app so that you can got to applications:manage applications where you can scroll down to launcherpro click on it and then click on the " clear defaults " button . now when you click on the home key it will bring up a list of any launcher programs you have installed , including the factory installed one which you can now select .
found this at : http://orlygoingthirty.blogspot.com/2011/01/how-to-uninstall-expired-launcherpro.html i finally found a workable solution : download the latest launcherpro apk ( or hopefully any other apk ) . connect your phone to your pc and mount the sd card . copy the new apk to the top-level of the sd card and rename it to something short ( like lp . apk ) . unmount the phone , then in the phone browser ( which is the only thing lp lets you run ) , type the following in the url bar : file:///sdcard/lp . apk ( notice the three slashes ) this will force-launch the installer application on the phone . now on my phone , it was set to disallow non-android market apps from installing ; since the apk is not off the android market , the phone popped up an error and offered to let me change the application setting . which launches the settings application .
i solved my issue using a 2a charger instead of my phone 1a charger or the usb port that provides only 0.5a . i am sure i have been able to charge my nexus with all the power sources , but maybe i left it on charge all night long .
try calibrating ( completely discharge battery ) , by playing games or watching videos . once battery dries try switching your nexus on untill your device refuses to do so . the charge it from a wall charger . see if it works . i have a motorola mb855 , i generally claibrate 5-10 times in a month . that keeps its backup and life healthy .
i am using a 7" galaxy tab ( shw-180s ) and this same thing happened with me a few days ago . this is how i solved it : remove the battery from the device charge your battery from another electric source ( i do not remember the device name but most mobile repair shops have them ) you can also try a hard reset . changing your charger may also help if it is not providing enough power to charge nexus 7 .
the answers to how do i copy pictures onto a folder on the home screen ? provide a couple methods of creating shortcuts ( it requires another file manager ) . as well , the root explorer file manager allows you to set the default path when it opens ; you could set it to the path of this folder , so you would not need to browse to it .
turns out that the solution for this problem is the one i alluded to above . the system date/time preceded the certificate 's issue date , and i suspect that was causing the problem . setting the date to the correct date ( or sometime between the certificate 's issue and expiration date ) seems to have solved the problem .
the likeliest culprit for your high latency is first and foremost the fact that you are using a wireless carrier 's network , which are notorious for their high ping times . switching from one carrier to another probably would not solve your problem , and even if you went from a 3g contract to 4g you probably would not see that much of an improvement , especially as more and more people start buying 4g capable devices . additionally trying to do something as data-intensive as play world of warcraft over your cell carrier 's network is never going to feel right . games like that rely heavily on low response times and are best left for wired broadband connections .
a developer on the xda forums provided a script that changes the default behaviour so that connecting by usb mass storage is the default behaviour . i had to use a file manager app that gave me access to the root directory , i placed the script in /system/etc/init.d/ , changed the script 's permissions to rwxr-xr-x , and then rebooted the phone . now i have the full functionality and ease of use i hoped for . i will probably eventually have to use to something like mtp or whatever , but hopefully in the meantime while proper support is developed by all relevant parties , i will not have to suffer .
with the problems i had with different devices and versions of android , i found that the most effective and the easiest way to access files on my device is to use airdroid . although this will not mount the android device as a file system , but will allow an easy file transfer . all you need is a wireless connection of your phone to your local network . once airdroid is started , you get a web interface that you can access from your desktop computer 's browser , using the port 8888 . airdroid is a free application on the play store and received great scores so far from everyone .
the check digit of the imei is invalid , and usually the imei cannot be changed , or in come countries it can even be illegal . for more information , see how the imei is formed and the check digit is calculated here , or see a related question here . there are ways to recover an imei on android devices , but for this you had need a backup of some files from when the imei was not invalid .
although i still hope that someone else gives me a easier and quicker solution , i have found the following procedure to be a fairly quick method to accomplish what i wanted ( someone else will certainly have another idea regarding this , i am sure ) : i send the contact information using the Send via gmail to my own gmail account , press Download in the received email and choose Contacts and Phone ) . since all information is present in the . vcf file attached to the mail , i can now easily create/duplicate a new contact without having to enter the name and phone number again .
for the part of your question where you say you have not yet found how to copy all contacts from sim to memory : on my galaxy s , if i go into contacts , press menu , select import/export i get the option import from sim card . it sounds like that is what you are after ?
this app looks like it claims to do so ; whether it works is a different question . you might want to buy it and try it quickly , and if it does not work then refund it before the 15 minute trial time is over . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.happydroid.c2spro
this can be done using tasker and the autovoice addon . from the addon 's description : control your android device with your voice , now even via your bluetooth headset ! you can even redirect all audio to your bluetooth headset and also react to your bluetooth headset button and do whatever action you want with it in tasker . basically , you create a new profile in tasker to activate autovoice ( e . g . shaking the device , pressing the camera button , using a shortcut to the given task , whatever ) , which then acts on keywords even by regular expression match ( there is also a " permanent listening mode " which you could enable on conditions like " power plugged in plus bluetooth connected to car" ) . there are plenty of ways to realize different things with it , a full how-to would go much beyond the scope of this site : ) you can even have autovoice triggering google now , if you like . to go deeper into this topic , let me give you some links : how to use google now to trigger tasker tasks - youtube [ tutorial ] merge xposed , tasker , autovoice and google now to use phone only by voice autovoice beginner : setting up voice recognition - youtube voice control your phone with tasker and autovoice - xda developer tv for more , simply google for " autovoice howto " : )
i do not know what avast is doing there ( i do not use any antivirus app , as i see no benefit from it ) . but as to the second part of your question : you should not really need to explicitly close an app , as android normally does a good job taking care itself . for details , please see the process lifecycle description as described on the android developers page -- for a short look , see this graphical description : image taken from bottomlessinc blog you can see three arrows going from the " paused " state : directly to " destroyed " ( explicitly " closed " the app ) , or via " stopped " -- and back to " running " . in simple words : when you " leave " the app in the background and afterwards return to it , it goes back to " running " . if you do not return , and the system decides it is no longer needed . " destroyed " you can take as " ended and cleared from memory " , " paused " as a kind of " stand-by for immediate access " , and " stopped " like " ready to be cleaned up " . again , this is a very simplified explanation . if you need more details , the " big keyword " for this is " oom killer " ( oom = out of memory ) , which is the part of the system taking care you will not run out of ressources . see e.g. this blog article for more details .
turning the tablet off at night will most likely extend its life , but this defeats the purpose of having a tablet , since a key feature of the tablet is instant power-on from standby . generally , there are two things that drain the battery of any device : the display ( when it is turned on ) , and any wireless communications ( 3g , wifi , etc ) . if you really want to conserve power at night time , turn off the tablet 's wifi and 3g ( airplane mode ) . the power draw of the cpu and ram is negligible compared to the power consumption of the display and wireless comms . and it is normal to feel a little heat near the cpu , the wireless antenna , and the battery when charging . i would not worry about battery life , in terms of charge-discharge cycles , unless you plan on keeping your tablet for 20 years . the same goes for the mtbf of the physical components . the flash memory will not go bad if the tablet is left on . in fact , the tablet probably reads and writes to flash more when booting up than when it is idle . generally , i would suggest enjoying the tablet the way it is meant to be used ! if it breaks because of normal use , then it was not worth having anyway !
the xperia mini pro and the xperia x10 mini pro are actually different phones . confusing , i know . the former appears to be a " refreshed " version of the latter with your specs .
i solved the error . instead of selecting pictures from a folder , use the album , and the picture folder will be listed as an album . deselect all the other albums , and pictures should show up .
i got similar problem with any android based on 4.4 with my i9305 , any system got stuck on boot animation , tried mokee , omni , cyanogen and few other roms plus stock jb ( however this one was bootable just by factory reset after installation ) , with the same result ; finally i was able to go further after format /firmware folder in cwm 6.0.4.7 or any other suitable recovery , actually i formatted everything excluding folders wiped by factory reset . do not forget wipe dalvik cache i think this can apply for any sg3 or other new phones from samsung
i replaced the power button , and it solved the problem .
i had the same bootloop problem on t999 uvdlja . i tried about 100 solutions , including flashing every possible rom known and unknown . finally , the solution was very simple : odin cwm flash rom + gapps wipe cache , data , dalvik cache install rom install gapps ( this is the part which i would always skip for later - big mistake as gapps missing caused the boot loop ) restart , et voila ! ! ! !
i had same problem with logo loop . . i somehow screwed my efs folder , but do not actually know how . . . anyway i tried like 150 different thinks to fix it that i googled out but non of it worked for me . . finaly i download orignal stock rom but the old one with 4.0.4 android . flashed via odin and only then get rid of logo loop and phone turned on normally ( it took allmost 5 mins . . ) then i restored my efs folder . than rooted the phone , installed cwm and made nandroid restore of my original rom . . not sure if this help , but saved my ass : ) wish you good luck
try removing the power button . i had the same problem and saw on a youtube video that changing the power button was a good solution . as i could not find a spare power button on , i just decided to remove it and it actually worked ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq-u-q_ndoo
install any cwm recovery on the device , and it will work .
i tried everything but do not have a bootloop , just stuck on samsung logo . this was the last thing i tried . and the only thing that worked . i even had to take the battery out when it was done after another logo stuck . http://forums.androidcentral.com/ambassador-guides-tips-how-tos/300296-guide-samsung-how-flash-stock-rom-via-odin.html
it could be the power button is stuck or dirty . you will need to open the phone and clean the power button . if you don feel comfortable doing this take it to you carrier . i had the same issue and this was my fix .
http://goo-inside.me/evo/stock/ruu/ provides a straightforward guide , reproduced below , of how to revert to a stock rom , and it looks like all you need is clockworkmod . you probably want the newest dec . 15th software linked on that page . heed the warning ! warning ! ruu'ing your phone will wipe all data on your phone , and if done incorrectly , can brick your device permanently ! performing an ruu entails completely wiping your user data , removing root , removing your custom recovery , and switching to the specified radio , hboot , and stock sense rom version that is in the file name . instructions : download the unrevoked forever s-on tool and flash from clockworkmod or amon_ra recovery . download zip file for whatever software version you want to restore to . note that you may not be able to downgrade , depending on your current software version . check md5 ( windows : hashcheck , linux/mac : use md5sum comand from terminal ) . rename file to " pc36img . zip " ( ensure that you do not have file extensions hidden , aka , that the file is not now " pc36img . zip . zip" ) place file on the root of your sd card . boot into hboot by powering off phone , then holding down volume down and power until you are taken to the white screen with the skating androids at the bottom . when asked if you want to flash the file , press volume up to confirm . the remainder of the prompts should be self-explanatory after that .
just to note : you can actually do this from any sense-based rom - it does not need to be " stock " and it does not need to be unrooted . the important thing is the dialer app , because sense 's dialer has the special ##gpsclrx# code in it and the aosp dialer does not . probably the easiest thing to do is simply to get a sense rom and flash it like you normally would either via rom manager or manually via your recovery . there is a stock ( rooted ) 3.70 here , but you could also use something like fresh 3.5 or mikfroyo if you prefer . if you want to actually go back to a stock and fully unrooted rom , then matthew read 's answer is a good explanation which does not require windows ( or a pc at all , really ) .
in addition to nanne 's answer , i believe android also defaults to using wifi when both connections are enabled . so if you have a wifi network saved , your phone will use it when you return so you do not need to keep checking . ( this assumes wifi is enabled and there are no network problems , of course ) . you can also shut off data use by going to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks and un-checking use packet data or similar .
you could just check the logo on the top bar ? on the right you have time , battery , signal and either g/3g/h or the wifi logo . this image ( random googled ) shows the tab with the wifi logo while this rather bad ( also random google ) image shows it with 3g
nanne is correct : your status bar should show you any network connections . if you really want to ensure that you are conserving your 3g bits , install apndroid and keep data disabled except when you really need it . apndroid gives you a nice screen widget . you might also find this question on tracking data usage helpful .
i also agree with nanne but will two suggest two other ways of monitoring your data connection . . . you can add the power control widget to the home screen . it comes stock with android and it will lets you easily toggle the wifi among other things . when wifi is on , 3g will be off and you will have a visual representation right there . there are 3rd party version of this widget that actually let you toggle the 3g connection specifically . if you have a limited data plan as you do , beside just being diligent about monitoring your data connection , you can automate the monitoring process with something like phoneusage pro . this app allows you to set daily , weekly or monthly limits for data usage and it will notify you when you hit those limits . since theres sometimes a lag in registering data you could set up a notification to let you know when you have used 750 mb of 3g data in a month and then you will know it is time to start using wifi more frequently .
you should get the option to add them unsynced . like this :
as far as i know , contacts are always filed under some account . presumably the design intent is that contacts are usually stored somewhere else , in some reliable storage , in case you lose the data on your phone . i am not in a position to try this myself , but here 's a possible way to get an “unsynced” account : install the free “ the missing sync for android ” app . this app is intended to sync contacts directly with your desktop , and the desktop half is a paid app , but the phone side can be installed for free , and if you never sync it the data will stay on your phone . the missing sync app will generate an account on your phone called “missingsync” ( which will be labeled “unsynced” even though it actually is synced via the missing sync app ) , which you can add contacts under .
you probably have driving mode enabled . in my samsung galaxy s4 , it is in Settings &gt; My device &gt; Driving mode &gt; Incoming call . see if you can find something similar on your phone .
you might want to take a look at cloudii . i do not use the cloud myself , but if this app keeps it promises , it . . . is the best app to manage all your cloud services within a single app . cloudii brings full service integration as well as a powerfull synchronization tool . it even integrates multiple cloud services ( currently : google drive , dropbox , skydrive and box -- more to come ) . according to its description , it lets you both navigate your cloud-stored files and keeping them in sync ( the screenshots support this idea ) . note , however , that the free app is a 14d trial only , which afterwards requires an in-app purchase . i do not know the price , but as one comment put it : i will be glad to buy the developer " coffee " !
try running this command from your pc : adb shell bmgr enable false  if you have more than one device or emulator running/connected , you will need to add the -s DEVICE option .
ok i believe i am a step closer to solving this adding to the dictionary issue . this is how i am getting around it firstly my keyboard is set to portrait type 3x4 predictive text on with continuous input . now to add a word turn off predictive text . now type your word manually and when your done , and with the cursor flashing directly next to the end of your word , goback into settings and turn predictive text back on . now when you back out of setting you should see your word in the suggestion list above the keypad . tap your new word and you should find it added to your dictionary . this method also works for email addresses . just to be clear this is for use on android 4.1.2 my device for all concerned is samsung gs2 . let me know if this helps .
i have been able to add and edit words on my samsung galaxy s2 running jellybean 4.1.2 by using a free app called quickshortcutmaker . the app allows me to create a home screen shortcut to the user dictionary . a detailed tutorial can be found here : how to add and edit words in the user dictionary on jelly bean 4.1.2
found it ! the culprit is this app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vladlee.easyblacklist calls blacklist listen to this : if you add any number to the blacklist of this app , and uninstall this app after that , the number will be kept hidden and block . i.e. there is no way you can unblock the number , you can only do this by installing this app again , and removing all phone numbers , and then uninstalling the app . to be of more general use -- if something similar will happen to you , go to google play website , check the history of installed apps ( which blocks calls ) . install all of them back , and then check their blacklists . clear the blacklists , and then , with clear list , uninstall them . it should do the trick ( hopefully ) .
sounds like an encoding problem . have you tried importing the . vcf into google contacts ( on the web ) and then syncing your phone with your google account contacts ? that might provide better results ; android does not play nice with multiple languages right now .
i have followed the steps mentioned here . it is using . vcf technique only . i had to transfer nokia c3 contacts to sony xperia and it worked for me . create a backup file in your nokia phone . for that go to menu > settings > sync and backup > create backup select only " contacts " for backup . it will create a backup file at a location you specified . copy that backup file in your pc . rename its extension to " . zip " or " . rar " ( make sure to uncheck " hide extensions for known types" ) then extract this file . it will extract all your contacts in root folder named "32" in " . vcf " format . copy this folder into your memory card then go to " contacts " in your android phone . press on the 3 grey dots on the upper or bottom right of the screen . select import from the list . next , select import from > sd card / external memory . it will search for " . vcf " files and popup you the choice to import specific files or all ( select " import all vcard files " to import all contacts ) wait for a while and its done .
yes , you can , but in my experience it does not work well and you can not downgrade afterward . i would recommend that you do not flash that t-mobile updated rom .
there is no need to organize your files in any other theme . android is indexing the media file and since api 1.0 player should query the media store which is using this index .
some of the slowness may be due to the speed of your storage media . if it is built in storage than there is not much you can do ( apart from what matthew read suggested ) if it is an sd card , maybe check that it is not a class 2 or something . perhaps try and get a class 10 to speed things up . beyond those changes it is down to the device cpu speed
one method is to put a file called .noMedia in the root of every folder that you do not want to be scanned . it will not improve the scanning of actual media , but it will prevent wasted time searching elsewhere ( or indexing things that you do not want indexed , such as app assets ) .
yes , it is possible . need a file manager w/root first , you need a file manager that has root access . personally i use es file explorer . within es file explorer , you will need to enable root access ( it is under the tools part on the left menu ) . all users will need to have signed in all users must have had to signin at least once to create their partitions . else , you will not see them . browse the exact location is : /storage/emulated/* # Android &lt;= 4.4.3 /mnt/shell/emulated/* # Android &gt;= 4.4.4 (actually, it may be 4.4.3 too)  where * is the userid . i am not sure how to get the user id , but on my tablets with 3 users it shows up as : /mnt/shell/emulated/0 # owner account /mnt/shell/emulated/10 # first user I created /mnt/shell/emulated/11 # second user I created  from what i gather for userids , it goes in order that i created the users . 0 = the first original owner account . then each account goes up from there ( 10 , 11 , 12 , etc ) . note : if your file manager does not have root permissions ( meaning the app itself must request root access ) , then when you enter one of the directories above , they will be blank . this is telling you that your file manager does not have root access - you need a file manager that knows how to request root access .
there seems to be a problem with the latest cyanogenmod 7.1.0 and the german locale . possible solutions are some users report that if you search google on your phone for " gmail market " and open the market:// link with the market , gmail will install . use the market enabler to change your mobile provider and download the gmail app . manually install the . apk from this thread
google does not provide some apps in the market , since they are intended for " approved " devices ( ones that meet google 's compatibility guidelines ) . however , i believe they have a special agreement with cyanogenmod where you can flash the apps separately . you can read more about how to install these packages at " how can i install the google apps package ( play store , … ) on my android device ? "
install rom manager from the market and then go to download rom , find google apps in the list and then you can choose the latest and install it . you can also see comments and ratings from other users .
it sounds like you want the extremely common ls -l  for reference , the complete busybox help for ls :
i would generally not expect /? to provide meaningful output , because it is really a dos/windows thing . linux/unix command option are typically passed with hyphens , either a single one for short flags ( for example , ls -l ) or two hyphens for verbose ones ( e . g . --help ) . two possibilities that you can try : if you are using a version provided by busybox , you can use busybox ls --help . doing this without the call to busybox at the front of the command may not yield any results ( e . g . cyanogenmod just responds with unknown option '--' if i try ls --help ) . the linux man page for ls is readily available online . the options there are probably not all implemented in the android binary , but it will give you a bit of an overview . you can also check the man page for busybox , which has all of the commands it implements as well as the options they support . i am not sure if the android version implements all the same commands/options , but it very well may .
yes , you are justified and they are being sneaky . once a set of permissions is allowed , it can install new permission into that same set without getting approved on update . but you can retake control . if your rooted , you can download the xposed framework installer from the xda forums . xposed installer http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/xposed-installer-versions-changelog-t2714053 " xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . all changes are done in the memory . " must be rooted playpermissions xposed module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/playpermissionsexposed-fix-play-store-t2783076 " this module aims to fix this problem for users who care about permissions . it'll do the following : 1 . make the play store show you all of the app 's permissions . 2 . require you to manually update apps with new permissions ( regardless of the category ) . " xprivacy module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/xprivacy-ultimate-android-privacy-app-t2320783 " xprivacy can prevent applications from leaking privacy sensitive data . xprivacy can restrict the categories of data an application can access . this is done by feeding an application with no or fake data . there are several data categories which can be restricted , for example contacts or location . for example , if you restrict access to contacts for an application , this will result in sending an empty contact list to the application . similarly , restricting an application 's access to your location will result in a set location being sent to the application . " modules require xposed framework to be installed to function properly .
before doing the factory reset , you can turn off backup by unchecking Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Back up my data . the market will remember your paid apps . if you are not going to root and use something like titanium backup for the other apps you do want to keep , you could do something like ls /data/app &gt; /sdcard/apps.txt to record what apps you have and then refer to it afterwards , or use something like app list backup .
not sure about keyboard font but maybe you can change the font in apps . check out this link - custom fonts in apps . and also this link - custom fonts in apps 2 . link 2 is from external site .
ok if you havent checked out the link uri posted , " root , " to put it simply , is administrative privileges on the phone and gives you the ability to mess with core system files and configurations . the " superuser " app is just an app that is designed to grant or block root permissions to different apps . rooting android phones is sometimes complicated but it mainly depends on the phone and manufacturer as different manufacturers lock down their phones in different ways . some developers have brought it down to you just plugging in your phone when a certain app is running and everything is done for you while other times will require you to run terminal commands , and download specific software onto your phone . unlike standard desktop linux , root has to be acquired through exploits apparent in the phones . now why gain root ? well for android phones , it allows us to a variety of things such as have the ability to underclock our processors for considerably better battery life or overclock them for performance . we can also create wifi-hotspots with ease , run network based attacks such as arp-poisoning , conduct cookie hijacking and so on . its like jailbreaking an iphone ( except its a lot more power to tinker in the palm of your hands ) . in your case , your app probably configures the network card on your phone for the file server in a way that cannot be done with the traditional android api and so needs more system access ( hence the request for root permissions ) . there is no " simple " setting to turn on root no matter what phone you have . this is because carriers make money by locking down your phone and forcing you to pay for more functionality ( i.e. tethering/wifi-hotspot ) . if they give you the ability to activate root , then some people could easily circumvent their control , thus making them lose money . the other possibility is that careless people who do not know what they are doing could seriously mess up their own phones and thus making it a support nightmare for carriers and manufacturers who now have to deal with bricked phones . what should your best approach be ? it all depends . if you really plan on tinkering with the phone or want custom software or want better battery life , then rooting is for you . if you just want to use your phone with no extra functionality or no hassle , then do not bother for root as you probably do not need it . if you do want to root , carefully follow all instructions and do your research . your best place to start is on your device forums on xda here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1404 the 1 click root also has a very good chance of working but this is not verified to work with your device afaik .
head to settings scroll down to find application manager scroll to the right until you reach the page all locate badge-provider click on clear data , if you cannot click clear data then first hit force stop , then you should be able too . restart your phone ( source )
unlocking the bootloader will void your warranty . the first situation is not covered by the phone 's warranty , but the second might , according to your country 's laws . for example in finland , the repair company has to show that the problem is directly caused by flashing in order to deny the warranty claim . it is possible to get the phone repaired , but you have to fight with the repair shop and possibly with samsung to get it done , and it could get tricky . having said that , flashing is pretty easy as long as you follow the instructions to the letter and do not rush . bricking is pretty rare if you are cautious , so i would say go for it : )
solved it myself after hours of googling . i really only needed to run error checking on the internal storage ( checkdisk ) in windows . since i could not get windows to mount the drive normally , i tried booting into clockworkmod recovery mode and then connect usb . ran the error checking ( right click on drive , properties , tools , error-checking ) , rebooted phone and voilà ! life is beautiful once again .
i had the same problem and i found a solution . first , problem description : i have connected the s2 to a pc and turned on the mass storage mode . after copying the files i have selected on the phone to disconnect from pc ( without unplugging the device in windows - which may cause this problem ) . after that i found out that both memories ( sd card and 16gb usb memory ) are damaged . solution : i have connected the phone to a pc , choose to turn on the mass storage mode . windows found the drives but they are empty ( unmounted ) . i selected on the phone disconnect from pc and this time i have unplugged the cards from windows . after this my phone found the memories and start working again . i think it is a system glitch which hangs the card somewhere between mass storage mode and direct access to them .
as far as i know , applications ( especially non-root ones ) can not modify the power menu . if you long-press the power menu , there should only be the " power off " item as you mentioned . if you see the other items on the menu , you are not in the real decryption screen . or alternatively you could input a false password and see if it is accepted without verification , which would imply phishing .
check the size and format of your sd card . the current clockworkmod recovery version ( 6.0.3 . x ) does not support exfat partitions . if you have a newer card that is over 32gb , chances are it is formatted using exfat file system , due to limitations of fat32 on windows . the solution is to either use a smaller card formatted as fat32 , or use a different recovery that supports exfat , such as twrp , for example .
to update the path variable inside a running adb shell you can use the expect command . this works on a non-rooted phone where you can not edit system files as suggested in the other answers . put the following script somewhere on the path of your development machine , for example in ~/bin/adb-shell-busybox: you can also inject any other setup commands that you might need .
by default stock android mksh uses this config file : /system/etc/mkshrc
additionally to what @alex-p wrote , you can set the ENV environment variable to override the path of the mkshrc file used . all login shells also read /system/etc/profile and $HOME/.profile ( these are a good place to export ENV ) . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
because android apps do not have an " exit " button like pc and mac programs do , when you leave chrome ( or any other app ) , it is designed to preserve all the state so that it'll be there for you next time . if it closed all the tabs every time , then whenever you try to " share " a link , or paste some information into email , or even if you take a phone call while you are browsing , you had get back to the browser to find all your tabs gone . that is why there is no setting to do this automatically . on a phone , if you want to " exit " chrome , closing all tabs , then go to the tabs view , press the menu key or the three-dots icon to bring up the menu , and choose close all tabs . then hit the back key . on a tablet , i am afraid the only way is to close each tab with the little ⊗ button .
you must go in settings -> developer options and there must be an option called " root access " . set it to ADB + Apps .
this is possible with tasker . however , i am not sure you can read out a subject line , since an sms does not normally have a subject line . it does have a body . create a profile . in the profile tab , create a new profile (+ button) &gt; Event &gt; Phone &gt; Received text . click back button ( to create the profile ) . assign a task to the profile . after you click the back button , a dialog will pop-up . click New Task . name it ( e . g . read sms ) . in task edit screen , create a new action (+ button) &gt; Misc &gt; Say . in text , type " message received " . you can also edit the pitch ( of the voice ) or its speed . click back ( to create the action ) . if you want the text body to be read , create a new action (+ button) &gt; Misc &gt; Say . in text , click the label button to the right , select Text Subject . when you receive a message , you will be able to hear " message received " , and the text body ( if you added an action for that ) .
try custom messaging apps like go sms pro or handcent sms . these will allow you to customize the notification alerts for incoming messages from specific numbers ! hope this helps ! : )
it turns out the compass needed to be calibrated . i rotated the tablet a full 360 degrees in all three axes , and the problem cleared up . i used this app to monitor the orientation sensor , and while i still see the x axis orientation value drifting , it is being corrected automatically so that accuracy is maintained .
go to your phone 's Settings . under Accounts , add the existing google account . after you go through the wizard ( and making sure email is synced ) , go back to the gmail app . when you trigger/click the hamburger menu , you should be able to select between your different gmail accounts .
the clockworkmod folder contains data that cwm created , and more specifically the backup folder is where your device 's backup files are stored . all of those files are what constitute a nandroid backup of your device . if you are looking to free up some space on your device you can delete the folder , but cwm will recreate only the folder every time you reboot ; the backup files will not be recreated , and will only be generated when you use the backup feature so be sure to copy these files to a computer ( for backup purposes should you ever need to restore it ) . i often create nandroid backups , copy them to a computer or external storage , and then delete them from my device to save the memory for more useful things .
the problem is not that a file already exists at that path : it is that the app you are trying to install is already installed on the phone . have you previously tried to install superuser as a normal app ? you need to uninstall it before you can root the phone . uninstall it in the usual way from settings → apps . in addition , the motochopper exploit only works up to the 4.2.2 firmware for the galaxy s4 ( and only s4 variants with the snapdragon chipset , not exynos-based ones ) . if you have already updated to 4.3 or 4.4 , this exploit can not work . you need to use another method , for example unlocking the bootloader the conventional way ( though if the phone is carrier-branded the carrier probably has disabled unlocking the bootloader ) .
i would personally recommend using a terminal emulator or adb shell and then using the ls command . you can get the uid 's listed by name if you use the -l flag and listed by number with the -n flag . note that in the /data directory you will need root permission in order to index the files/directories , so ls will fail with a normal user :
there is a much easier way , but it may not be supported in all countries : buy them each a google play gift card , and attach it to their accounts . they come in different " sizes " , so you can limit the amount they can pay . no identification stuff connected to the cards , and once they are used up there is no more use for them ( of course , you can buy the next one ) . another positive aspect : you might decide to let your kids use them themselves . the danger is just as high as the value of the card ( though content might pose a risk ) . so it is like " pocket money " for learning " monetary responsibility " : )
you can buy them on play . google . com and send them to the device . add their devices to your account , and send the apps after purchase
in playstore , the user is prompted for the password ( unless you disabled it ) every time before a purchase can be made . so what you can do is , make a google account just for playstore apps that is logged in across all your and your kids google devices . have every device logged in to that account on top of whatever other accounts your kids personally use on the given device . that way you can buy whatever apps you want , but they can not since , even tho their device is logged in and has access to all the apps you purchased thru your google apps account , they can not purchase new ones without your password . they can not see the details of your cc since google will prompt for the password every time the user attempts to access account information .
you get two choices when you accept to buy an app on the device you want to install app on . pay or send url for payment to whoever . so send url to yourself or whoever is going to pay via email which will auto pop up when you select . . . send url . . . . . i send to my gmail account then click link on pc or phone and follow instructions to pay . easy
developer options > device hostname should get you where you need to go . you may need to mash " build number " in " about phone " a few times to make the developer options appear in your settings app . . . edit : apparently that is for cyanogenmod only . without that option , you will need root . . .
open up my accounts application from application tray . select the corporate sync account you wish to modify . your corporate exchange account settings will be displayed select remove account to remove this corporate exchange account from the handset . seen here troubleshooting page in case of further problems .
i just upgraded as well and had the same thing happen to me . however , in my case i am still connected to an exchange server . i know our it guys are very open with not locking down our phones with stuff like this and i have had windows mobile phones connected to the same exchange server with no need for a pin number . open phone settings open location and security settings go to select device administrators mine currently says " corporate sync " is one of the device administrators , but does not allow me to remove it . you may be able to remove it since you have removed the connection to the server . i suspect either the phone was not enforcing the settings set by the exchange server correctly or that there has been a bug introduced in the new version . note : i know this wont work for the person asking the question , but might be helpful to others . i was able to remove my exchange account , change my password back to pattern instead of pin , re-add my exchange account , and the phone did not force a pin to be set .
for rooted phones only well i have had the same problem as the original poster ever since i updated it to froyo . my exchange account i previously had on the phone was using a remote administrator certificate that i could not remove . yesturday i worked out a simple solution using r/w access to the /system/app folder . using a free root file explorer named super manager . i navigated to /system/app and renamed the file policymgrprovider . apk to policymgrprivider . bak . this removed the remote administrator policy and allowed me full control over the lock screen . after i switched it to no lock i went back and renamed the file to policymgrprovider . apk . no problems what so ever . i did rename the file bluremailengine . apk to a . bak at the same time , so if its not working disable that app as well long enough to change your lock screen settings . i know you do not want to root your phone , but unfortunately its probably the only way you will get that stupid pin lock gone .
i tried the suggestions here with no luck . the solution i tried only works on a rooted phone . background : removed exchange/corp sync account , screen lock remained , and could not be disabled . solution requires a rooted phone , installed a terminal emulator , installed busybox - need to edit one or two files with unix ' vi ' command droidx : open terminal emulator . su cd /data/system vi device_policies . xml open a line below policies add escape out and save file :wq check list of files with ls command ls the droid 3 had a file called mot_device_policies . xml which additionally needed the same changes as described above . the changes comment out the policies and after a reboot , you can turn off the screen lock !
android 4.4 makes it easy . it allows you to remove this ( at least for me it did ) , by selecting the option , Clear credentials (Remove all certificates) from the security menu . immediately , i was able to set no password/lock-code on my device again . hope this helps !
fwiw , i just tried the steps posted above by mru and they did exactly what i wanted - removed the corporate account and freed my lock screen . that said , there was one very minor glitch . i tried to remove the pin requirement immediately after i removed the account , but the system would not let me . as you can imagine , i was disappointed . but i went in awhile later , and the restrictions had been removed . i had to enter my pin one more time , and that let me reset the security to my preference .
i think i may have figured out the cause and a makeshift solution for this bug , at least one that ( finally ) works for me , and that i have not seen mentioned often elsewhere . on my tablet ( nexus 7 2nd gen ) , i had seen the mediaserver bug very often and practically given up trying to solve it . however , on my phone ( i9505g aka sgs4 gpe ) , i had not seen the bug once . both devices were running 100% stock android 4.3 . then one day i noticed the bug rearing its ugly head on my phone too . i had not copied any new files to the device recently , so that threw any theories about " corrupt media files " out the window . i racked my brains and realized the only thing i would done differently in the past 24 hours was played a game ( rayman jungle run ) on the phone , which i usually only use for calls , emails , and e-books . on my tablet however , i play rayman jungle run often . so , i just ran this sequence of tests on both my phone and tablet , with the same results . full charge . fresh boot . run for several hours . result : no mediaserver drain . launch rayman , play for 1 minute . return to home screen but do not force close the app . wait a little while . result : mediaserver drain begins . force close the rayman app ( i used an elixir shortcut to do this , but using the apps menu should work fine ) . wait a couple hours . result : mediaserver drain has stopped ! i did a lot of searches on the web and only found one other reference to similar phenomenon , and that post referenced the rayman game as well as another game called super hexagon or something . the apparent lesson here is that certain apps have the ability to trigger the mediaserver bug . in my case at least , it has nothing to do with what media files i have on the device , or what google services i allow/prevent running ( these are both things i see frequently quoted as supposed solutions ) . i would also hypothesize that if you have an app which triggers the mediaserver drain , and this app autoruns at startup or any periodic time intervals , then the only surefire solution in that case would be to uninstall the app , unfortunately . this could explain why some people do not find that rebooting helps . . . if the offending app runs at startup , of course the drain will begin right away also .
for me , rebooting the nexus 4 several times did not help . the first time i started using the mobile phone , i logged in without the google account . so , i did factory reset and made sure i logged-in with the google account . this seems to have fixed the issue .
killing all running apps did not solve the problem , nor did disabling the automatic sync for google account items like videos/photos ( which i heard suggested for a similar battery issue ) . what did work was simply rebooting the device by holding the power button and picking shut down . after rebooting mediaserver no longer appears to use much of my battery in the usage chart and my charge lasts like it always did . so if you get the same issue , just reboot .
i had the very same problem with android 4.1.2 . tablet . tried everything found on several forums , and the result was - nothing worked . mediaserver kept draining my battery . intuitively , i tried two things : 1 . unmounted sd card where i keep all sorts of media files . 2 . deleted downloaded pictures from " download " folder . result = problem solved . then remounted the sd card - battery life still normal ! conclusion : bloody mediaserver keeps scanning the downloaded pictures and drains the battery . simplicity is always the answer !
the mediaserver process scans your device for media files to add to your library . however , the 2012/12/12 ( perhaps some more ) gapps version is broken and gets stuck in an infinite loop on unfamiliar files on your phone . this directly translates to battery drain and is bad for the lifetime of your battery and other phone components . when running your phone for the first time or when starting media applications , the mediaserver is invoked and will commence the horror . how to fix : reboot phone and do not start a media application . put a .nomedia file on your sd card root to prevent library search , thus preventing mediaserver from getting stuck . this means no media library ! wait for the glorious google to fix this anomaly . downgrade your android firmware + gapps to a version which lacks this bug . use an iphone/windows phone modify the gapps ( mediaserver . apk ) to support all kinds of files normally . ( advanced + time consuming )
i have found that evernote is one of the share menu options from scrapbook . if you share the text and images of a scrap note , it will share to evernote as any other note .
no , you can not replace anything on air command . if your phone is rooted , then there might be an app that allows this , however , i know of none .
elixir lets you create a home screen widget that lets you add apps . it is easier to add apps using this widget compared to the long-press method . see the " widgets in home screen " section of the link to see what the widget looks like .
go launcher i use this app ( instead of htc sense ) for my htc sensation . this works great , and there is a lot of different themes and plugins for it . great if you are tired of the standard ui on your phone ! it also solves your problem , when you can add multiple items for your different screens . ( just tap on the ones you would like to have easy access to ) : )
according to this xda-thread an apple usb-> ethernet adapte r works on a similar ics device . so technically it should work . but it in your case it could be hardware limitation , so you should try it out before buying . just go to an apple store and ask kindly ; - )
according to this thread on code . google . com ( from april 2012 ) , it seems that one user solved a similar issue after they were advised to turn off 2 step auth to use google play : i am having same issue and tech just advised i have to turn off 2 step verification to get into play . so i would disable 2 step auth on the google account associated with the device and try again . ( if that does not work , i wonder if it is even worth trying a factory reset with 2 step auth turned off . . . ) btw : that thread is in the issues list for source code behind the google authenticator application . the issue is not actually related to that application , however , after setting up 2 step auth the user reportedly could not access google play so that is why they blamed that app . alternatively ( still assuming 2 step auth is part of the issue ) , you could create an app-specific password for google play as described in this answer . quoting that answer : create an app-specific password for google play at https://accounts.google.com/issuedauthsubtokens ( e . g . , name it " android phone play store" ) . on the phone , add a 2nd google account ( all settings > accounts and sync ) . launch google 's play store . go to menu > accounts . switch account ; then , switch back . when it asks for a password , enter the app-specific password you have created .
issue reported on google : [ #4319215 ] paid apps are not available in territories payment and buying apps/in-app items -> [ #4319215 ] paid apps are not available in territories we’ve received reports that some users living in a territory don’t have access to the same android apps on google play as that territory’s parent country . you may be experiencing this issue if : you live in a non-sovereign geographic region or a country subdivision you’re receiving error messages when trying to purchase android apps on google play or you don’t see paid apps on google play at all ( you’re only seeing free apps ) there is no workaround available right now , but we’ll continue to update this page with developments , so check back soon . issue first reported on : february 1 , 2012 last updated on : july 3 , 2012 are you on a territory ? if not , consider reporting your issue at google staff .
i just had this problem on my nexus 7 , though error message was authentication is required . you need to sign into your google account , but same symptoms , everything worked fine except for downloading paid apps . the problem was google wallet was disabled . to protect your data and privacy , your apps google wallet account will be suspended when your account password is reset by your google apps administrator . which was news to me and the root cause . i had to ring them to renable wallet , then google play started working again for paid apps .
i recall seeing a post on rootzwiki where someone was seeing a very similar issue , though on a galaxy nexus . specifically , he had the following symptoms : to my dismay i found that i get an error no matter what i try to buy . free apps seem to work fine . the solution he ultimately ended up finding was : got it ! found a tweet from peter alfonso stating to uninstall the market updates and clear cache . to do this , go into Settings-&gt;Apps , swipe left to the " all " tab , then select the play store ( it should be titled " google play store " so look in the ' g ' area ) and press uninstall updates . once that is finished , hit clear cache , or clear data if you want to wipe all of its data completely . once you have done that , relaunch the play store and try to purchase the app again .
in order of least to most destructive . clear data on market app , reboot remove your google account , reboot , add it again clear data from google framework services ( this is similar to above , in that it will log you out , but i am not sure what else this clears ) , reboot , sign back in . the 3rd one was what finally fixed it for me and i have not had the issue again .
the way font handling works is your android device has files in the system/fonts folder that control the font for certain aspects of the android system . one of them is the clock , the text , etc . in order to change these you need to rename your font file ( let 's say its helvetica . ttf ) to android-clock . ttf to change the font of the clock . do this for all the files in the system/font folder to change all the font on your phone . now , the japanese characters . . . i am not sure if the characters are handled differently than the english characters . i assume they are not , and this is why when you change the font they look strange . it is probably because the font file does not have the ability to change how these characters work , and is not sure how to deal with them . you may have to find a font that is compatible with both english/japanese characters .
delivery reports are operator ( sender and receiver ) dependent feature . this will be successful only if both cooperates ( usually happens ) . my operator bsnl is quite unreliable especially to the smss sent to international numbers . several times it has happened for me - i would have not received a delivery report where as the receiver would have replied to my sms ! i would suggest to follow these steps to ensure that the options are set correctly : make sure the delivery report option is ticked . in my lgp500 the user interface is quite confusing if you are in a hurry . make sure the delivery report option is set for sms and not for mms - i fell for this quite a few times when ever i do factory reset . set the validity period to maximum . try sending a test sms to a phone number of the same operator of yours and it will be helpful , if you can ensure the delivery yourself - like getting a reply from the receiver . as @sid said , the delivery reports are just seen as a small glyph like this : in my phone , i also get a toast message ( a message saying delivered for few seconds ) . on long press on the message i had sent , i will have an option view report which will give the status as failure/pending/delivered .
in android , ( particularly in ics ) , you do not get a pop up delivery notification as the ordinary phones . instead there will be a tick in front of the date of your message . that is the maximum delivery notification you get . if you really need some bigger notification , you can use an apps like delivery reports , delivery reporter+ , messaging notification , etc .
here is how i solved both problems : 1 ) remove battery and reboot . two times because it was still behaving strange the first time . 2 ) remove files little by little , until i found the problematic file , called %01.%02 , i recognized its content as a tile from the maverick map app ( which i have not launched so it is more of a random casualty ) . anyway , i renamed that file to a.a. and then deletion was successful .
are you able to get into the recovery boot menu ? ( on my phone , it is accessed by holding down the vol down button when turning on the phone ) . if so , there may be something that can help you . i have had this happen to me , and what i had to do was to try re-installing the rom from the zip file , using the process described here ( scroll down to flashing cyanogenmod - method via recovery ) . on that page , it also states " as of right now cyanogenmod is not officially available for the htc thunderbolt " . i did a bit of digging , and found that the only available cyanogenmod roms for the thunderbolt are unofficial . at this juncture , i would suggest flashing a different rom , or an earlier version of cyanogenmod , if you still have the zip file you used before the update .
this is because pentile matrixes do not render full pixels , but instead convert the pixels for subpixel rendering . the pixel is set either around a red or a blue subpixel , depending on the desired color value , as can be seen in the image represented by the diagonal rectangles . the advantage is that fewer subpixels are needed to create a certain dpi , but the image quality is not as good as in traditional rbg matrices .
" in the case of devices without true external storage , it is still necessary for android to provide an emulated external storage in order to remain compatible with older apps . in other words the ram is physically internal ( non-removable ) but a section of it is partitioned and the android file-system apis treat that partition as being " external " and world-readable . " taken from answer by @squonk stackexchange-url as to where to store your downloads at storage/sdcard . the others are symlinks to that location . a symlink is a shortcut , a low-level pointer . a symlink will look like the linked file is actually there , rather than it just being a shortcut . once you tap on it , it’ll be directed toward the actual file location and run/use data from there .
your handset is not damaged , not totally . but you do need to get some professional help , someone who is willing to carry out the procedure in restoring it , provided that someone has the necessary tools at their disposal . however , you can fix your imei using a highly specialized but expensive repair box such as z3x , nspro , to name but a few . mostly , smartphone users do not have access to them and only repair labs or specialists have them .
as usual , a factory reset is a possible last-ressort to sort things out and see whether the problem is software-related . and even if the problem remains , this way you do not need to worry about your data in alien hands : ) as a factory reset wipes all data ( and 3rd party apps ) from your device , you of course want to backup as much as possible , to be able to restore it later . without root , this get 's a little complicated -- but not impossible , if you are running android 4 . x . since starting with ics ( 4.0 ) , adb supports a full backup of non-rooted devices . which brings us to a seemingly chicken-and-egg problem : you cannot establish an usb connection , which is the most common pre-condition for an adb connection . but fear not , there is a solution for that as well : you can connect android with adb via wifi as well , and there is even a little app called wifi adb to help you with that 1 : wifi adb makes it easy to debug/test your android apps directly on device via wifi tcp/ip connection . no need to use usb cable . trouble again is this requires root . having a rooted device , you could of course also use titanium backup to backup your apps and data 2 .
just change the extension by deleting one letter ie ( instead of . apk write . ap ) worked for me !
i have experienced this with nexus devices . i think nexus does not allow receiving apk files over bluetooth . the easiest workaround i have found is to zip the file and then send it to your device . the zip can be then uncompressed on your phone / tablet and the apk can be used to install the app . ( to install the app , make sure you have enabled ' install apps from unknown sources ' from security settings )
you can use airdroid app to copy the apk file into your mobile ( it has a web interface ) , once copied , you can start the install from within the web interface on your computer . bluetooth has been a hit and miss for me too on my nexus devices , i find that it works really well with some roms ( usually stock-based , mostly with fixes for bluetooth ) and terribly on some others ( usually nightlies or pre-final releases of heavily tweaked or custom roms like cm ) .
make sure you have the option to install apps from unknown sources checked in settings . on 4.0 ( ics ) , it is under the " security and screen lock " menu ; your nexus 7 is running jelly bean , it may be in a different place .
just rename the extension . apk to . . mp3 .
the reason why this is not supported , is exactly the same as why you cannot send an . exe attached to an email . this is to prevent people from sending malicious software to phones that are not protected . that is why most android phones will not allow sending apk 's over bluetooth . if you still want to send apks over bluetooth , it is best to hide the extension ( apk ) from the application and phone ( eg . by zipping or changing the extension ) . that way you can trick the phone in still accepting the application . you have to then unzip or rename the package to retrieve the apk . another way , as mentioned by other people already , is to use an 3rd party application ( like airdroid ) . this will allow you to transfer the apk . if you want to install the application , you have to be sure to have " install apps from unknown sources " enabled . because if you do not enable this , only apps from google play will be accepted .
there are some ebook reader apps with can enable you to share book passages . and you can use google translate to share them . . . so select the passage and share it using google translate ! for example , the kobo app for android and aldiko ( free or €2.49 ) are ebook readers which enable to share book passages . google play books have a built in feature to translate passages too ( it must use google translate ) . obviously , you can also copy the passages by hand , open the google translate app and use it to translate what you have just copied . it is not quite smart or ergonomic but it works .
i had a similar problem . i had enabled mobile tracker and that why the sms 's were going . disable the tracker and the sms'es will not be send out on sim change .
hey i got solution after giving lot of time on this problem . this is the defect of samsung software . actually every software version is linked with some number . but it not send any sms to that number . because of licence , security reason they need to linked every version to particular number . if some problem occur in mobile phone then only it communicate with this number . but in some particular software there is some defect that is why it send sms when new sim inserted into mobile . the solution is go to your nearest samsung service center and update your software .
before changing the sim , set your phone to flight mode . then switch it off , and change the sim . switch on after 5 minutes , and disable the flight mode . it will help you save your balance deduction .
you could just press your home key to go to your home screen - do what you need to there , even open another app . then just long-press the home key again to pop up the list of recently used apps and select the original app you were in to return to where you were . should work .
i actually found taskxp for multitasking which someone recommended . it is just what i wanted . it shows my recent apps and any apps that i pin , in an overlay that i can quickly hit back from .
no , or at least not in a way that can not be automated away . titanium backup can install apps without the user seeing this prompt , for example . it may require root to do this . without root , only the system can access the areas needed to install apps . so barring any bugs , apps can only be installed by the system and the system will show the permissions if the market has not already . i do not have documentation of this , but the source code is freely available :p edit : eldarerathis points out the aosp security page , which indicates that the permissions dialog will be presented on app install , although adb install does not require this ( presumably because you have physical access to the device in that case ) . this is also confirmed by another official resource that sbaskin89 found .
what exactly did happen there for that to occur ? the only way this can happen is by going into settings > storage , scroll down to the bottom and it says " unmount sd card " , at this point it is already unmounted so that would show by now the following " mount sd card " ?
please provide more specific detail . is the error warning appears on the playstore or when you try to open whatsapp ? what galaxy note pro do you use ? if you are using galaxy note pro 12.2 wifi only . based on this whatsapp faq your device is unfortunately not supported .
i had a droid 1 . screen got very jittery when i used a non-oem charging cable , unless i held the back of the phone in a certain way . also noticed this when running cyanogen ver 6.0 . went back to the stock rom . finally starting doing it again . i ended up sending it back and getting a warranty replacement . factory reset did not fix it . warranty replacement works fine .
pictures , videos , downloads , and music are all stored on the sd card by default . you can get at them by popping your sd card into any card reader . ( probably have to get an adapter ) app settings are stored on the phone . but if those apps support google 's backup service those settings will be restored on your new phone .
i decided " f it " and pulled the sd card and did a factory reset . the problem still persists so it is most definitely a hardware issue . i guess i will have to take it in :/ .
see my answer here on some ways to save battery power on your phone .
i never used those tracking apps , but maybe you can decrease their polling frequency ? . this will decrease the accuracy of the tracking , but generally you do not need the app to track every meter you move .
well , it does not really answer my question , but upon further reflection , and without any good information available , we have decided to stick to only the officially supported locale list and to just be careful about how we translate for those locales . for example , we will provide two sets of spanish translations , es and us , and will be careful to make the us translations appropriate for the wider latin american spanish-speaking audience , rather than being us-specific .
from prior experience in building aosp before , the language strings for all aspects of the system , are stored in xml file , found in the aosp source framework/base/core/res/res . inside that directory in the source , there is values-xxx/strings . xml and values-xxx/do-not-translate . xml , where xxx is the iso country code based on the standard guidelines . this gets built and generated into framework-res . apk found in the rom 's live system under /system/framework . on an existing rom , its possible to ' sort of ' add translations into it by decompiling it but the effort would not be worth it as the xml data is compiled and " gets lost in translation " . i say ' sort of ' very loosely , as either the outcome would be it may work or it may not work , but the effort would be big and possibly break existing core android functionality . you can most certainly add a language add-on for the keyboards but that is about it . from the aspect of developers , where localization is concerned , the principle is pretty much the same as in the aosp source . so if the developer wants to add in french language support , he/she can simply create a values-fr/strings . xml and shove in there , the french translations and so on . of course , there will be variants such as canadian french , swiss french , for example . so their files , would be values-fr-rca/strings . xml , values-fr-rch to cite the example . this is where cm has the most languages support and are in a state-of-flux due to users spotting mis-translations etc . only google provides the core languages - such as italian , french , german , spanish , english ( both us/uk ) to name but a few .
it is always enabled on the kindle fire . you simply need to add the fire 's device id to your android_usb.ini file so that the google adb drivers will find it . you can do this from the command line very easily with : echo 0x1949 &gt;&gt; "%USERPROFILE%\.android\adb_usb.ini  then restart adb adb kill-server adb start-server  and you should be good to go . if it still will not recognize it then you may need to go into the " manage " menu and uninstall the fire , then unplug it and plug it in again ( i do not remember if that step was necessary ) .
after a lot of experimentation and backwards and forwards and disabling and enabling various things , i have got it to the point where i have not seen that error popup for about a week now ( which is a huge improvement over it appearing every 10 minutes ) . unfortunately logcat never seemed to show any obvious , enlightening errors when the force close messages popped up , so there was nothing to work on there . various posts on web forums suggested that going into accounts and sync disabling sync on calendars and contacts , then clearing the data on the calendar and contacts app should help , but it did not seem to for me . in the end what i think solved the problem was : completely deleting all my non-primary google accounts off the device ( i have a primary google account , which is a google apps one , plus another google apps account and a normal gmail account ) disabling all of the sync on my primary account clearing the data on the calendar and contacts apps leaving it an hour before re-enabling the sync on my primary account leaving it a day before adding back my secondary accounts , and enabling their sync not 100% sure which of those steps solved it , but after doing all of those steps in that order my problem has gone away .
touch in the date area . that show tags and permits to add and edit them
you need to have a picasa account ( which is auto-created if you have a google+ account ) and also have sync google photos turned on ( which is automatically on if you have google sync turned on . ) share your photo with picasa . go to picasa web albums at https://picasaweb.google.com/home and find your photo . in the right-hand margin , you will see tags and a "+" button with a tag icon . click that button , which is the add tags button . enter your tags , which are space separated . on your android device , go into gallery and go up to the top level using the up caret in the upper left , which is the left-most side of the action bar . it should refresh automatically . if not , you can manually choose " refresh " in the menu in the upper right . this is what syncs the tags that you created on the web to your android device . ( sync google photos is what really does it under the covers . ) now you can choose the album that has the photo that you tagged above . then choose the menu item group by > tags . voila ! you can now see your photos grouped by tag . happy tagging ! picasa web tagging is documented at : http://support.google.com/picasa/bin/answer.py?answer=55851 sync google photos is documented at : http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/answer.py?answer=2395276
it is not bricked totally . security error occurs when you have stock , locked bootloader and modified core android system files and/or recovery/x-boot/u-boot partitions . locked bootloader checks for signatures of some files and these partitions . the best approach would be to take lg flash tool , get original kdz for your lg , extract recovery.img , u-boot.img , x-boot.img and boot.img partitions and flash them with fastboot . try experimenting with vol-up/down keys to get to fastboot . you will probably want to use this command : fastboot flash &lt;partition&gt; &lt;file&gt; you need : lg flash tool and kdz extractor kdz file for your model ( search xda-dev for it ) good luck !
rehearsalassistant is what i ended up using . it is ok for now .
you can use the tapemachine recorder ( it is a paid app ) , it can record in high quality audio format . here 's the link to market
also tape-a-talk works well and has a free version .
dictadroid full or lite is also a good choice , here 's the advertisment text from google 's play store : dictadroid turns your android phone into a professional , high-quality dictation machine and voice recorder . use it to record voice dictations , notes , meetings , music , or any other audio and share it via email , mms , box , or dropbox . dictadroid is very simple to use and has many unique features , including : - pause/resume while recording or playing - insert/overwrite recording modes - record/play in the background or while screen is off - save audio files in wav format - share via email , mms , box , and dropbox - bulk delete/share operations - assign new or existing photo to a recording - use in any orientation ( portrait/landscape ) - sort recordings by date or title
i know for certain that some apps do have the option of changing the setting ( e . g . indrive allows you to switch to speakerphone when driving ) as for the second question , i believe that callrecorder is the culprit , because : a ) i have tried truecaller once , and did not experience anything like you are mentioning , b ) call recorder apps generally can not work on unrooted android ( as far as i know ) unless you are using the speakerphone , so that they can record your voice , and the voice coming from the speakerphone .
skype for android uses your tablet 's default language . from their support site : skype for android is currently available in [ 32 different ] languages ( based on your phone’s or tablet’s language setting ) . what language is your tablet set to ? to check ( or to change it ) go to Settings &gt; Language &amp; input . it does not look possible to change the language used by skype without changing it for the whole tablet .
there is actually a way to do so , make sure that the source file your downloaded sourcefile is in the language you requested , ie downloading skype_3.1.0.6458 in your case
does not exist yet the only way is to decompile the application then change each line written in . apk/res/ the folders i found in resources of skype app anim drawable drawable-hdpi-v11 drawable-land drawable-land-ldpi drawable-ldpi drawable-mdpi drawable-mdpi-v9 drawable-port drawable- port-ldpi drawable-xhdpi drawable-xhdpi-v9 layout-land menu raw color drawable-hdpi drawable-hdpi-v9 drawable-land-hdpi drawable-land-mdpi drawable- ldpi-v9 drawable-mdpi-v11 drawable-nodpi drawable-port-hdpi drawable-port-mdpi drawable-xhdpi-v11 layout layout-port menu-v11 xml or try sending them an email at : skypeuploader@googlemail . com
be sure to check google drive because the app can store/sync to the " my tracks " folder .
i am still not sure where actual mytracks data is stored . i think it is stored somewhere in the internal memory , not in the external memory . but i have found a way to export the gpx data . start mytracks . press menu button . tap " save all to external storage " . tap " save as gpx " . saved x tracks to /mnt/sdcard/mytracks/gpx . at least some of the data for google mytracks is stored at /data/data/com . google . android . maps . mytracks . but to view /data/data you need to enable the root explorer in the phone and you need root access . to enable root explorer in file expert : start file expert . press menu button . tap more . tap settings . tap file explorer settings . check root explorer option . for this to work you need root access on the phone , i.e. the phone needs to be rooted . also , sometimes you will need to mount the file system as writable , and you can do this too within the app settings . ( i tried the same thing with es file explorer but i was unable to even view the root folder / with it , it was only able to view /sdcard . so therefore i recommend using file explorer instead . )
you can check whether you are susceptible by installing this app - exynos mem bug checker . next - installing a custom kernel is not all that difficult and neither is it too risky if you know what you are doing . for the s2 - siyah kernel and dorimanx kernel are the two most popular ones . however , the latest kernels are meant for android 4.2 . x and higher . so , use the correct version for your os . should you decide to install a custom rom like cyanogenmod or paranoid android etc . , it will install a kernel with a recovery too ( as an example - siyah and dorimanx - which is based on siyah - have a touch based recovery , so you can scroll through the options by touch instead of repeatedly clicking the volume buttons to scroll as in cyanogenmod or others ) . the cf-root kernel that you installed to root the s2 is a modified stock kernel , iirc . therefore , it might be susceptible to the superbrick / emmc bug .
the find command works well in adb shell . the syntax is find /path -name file_name . for searching read only areas you will need root . if the find command is not available on your particular device , you might need to install busybox ( search the market . ) for example , adb shell find / -name *maps* will find all files that contain word " maps " across the entire file system .
here is a guide for resetting the samsung galaxy ace : http://forum.gsmhosting.com/vbb/f777/guide-samsung-galaxy-ace-hard-reset-1247841/ if you are a fan of youtube , here is a video that has the same info : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhykjinjopm it is basically the same way you reset all of the android devices : settings --> privacy --> factory reset --> reset --> yes , erase everything you might want to try to see if you can update your os before you do a factory reset , just to make sure an update would not fix the problem .
my understanding is that the stock e-mail app sends mail in plain text only -- not html . thus whatever client receives the message will render it in a default font for plain-text messages . for outlook , that is apparently times new roman . ( courier new is another possibility . ) so your question might actually be " can i send html e-mail from the stock android app ? "
this did the trick guys . this give system output as string and looks for string length to confirm the presence of an app in the device . its usually an empty string that is received for a package name that does not exist in the device .
please visit http://www.twofortyfouram.com/support.html q : i see the shortcut setting opens apps . . . how do i kill apps ? a : android treats memory differently than a desktop computer . when leaving an app , it is paused rather than killed , so that returning to it later is faster . if android needs more memory , it will automatically close apps that have been paused but have not been used recently . because android manages memory automatically , " task killer " apps are not necessary . google has blocked " task killer " apps for android 2.2 and later . while it is not possible to " kill " apps on android , the shortcut setting can be used to simulate this behavior by bringing the home screen to the foreground . to do this , simply create a new shortcut setting that opens the " launcher " or " home " app ( on htc devices , the launcher might be called " htc sense" ) . when the setting is fired , it will bring the home screen to the foreground , pausing whatever application was previously on the screen .
this is very application-specific , ( for torque ) , so maybe not that helpful for others , but the author from torque answered my question : Send an intent - 'org.prowl.torque.REQUEST_TORQUE_QUIT' and it should shutdown gracefully  looks like i need a little programming . well already planned doing a bit more than just my " hello world " i did until now : )
full device/disk encryption can only be done correct with os privileges . that is why there is no such app . but newer android versions and some roms provide this features . have a look at " are there any known rom ( s ) with full device encryption incorporated ? "
these sites may not comply with your requirements , but they may be still be useful ( and have more than 10 recipes ) . pocketables tasker wikidot xda the ultimate noob/beginners guide to tasker if you are looking for a book , try : developing android on android : automate your device with scripts and tasks related question that was closed : useful or cool tasker recipes
i am not sure about samsung gb , but on my galaxy s3 running jb 4.1 , the setting for the tts speech rate is found in settings -> language and input -> text-to-speech output -> speech rate . wbogacz suggests that setting may also be found at settings -> accessibility -> text-to-speech output -> speech rate
search the settings inside the camera app there should be one to change/disable camera sounds . if there is no such option , i am afraid the only alternative you have is to try alternative 3rd part camera apps .
on galaxy s3 , sdcard refers to internal storage , ext sdcard to an sd card to be plugged into the micro sd slot . usb storage refers to an usb stick that would be connected to the usb port using a dedicated usb otg cable .
have just noticed this too on my ( original ) galaxy s since it got the gingerbread update , presume that this is something that samsung have changed in their gingerbread build , as the s2 comes with gingerbread from the factory . on the galaxy s ( and i presume it will be the same on the s2 ) they have a built-in storage ( either 8gb or 16gb in the original s ) that looks like an sd card to the os , but is actually built into the phone , there is also a micro-sd card slot , that can take normal micro-sd cards . previously these showed in the phone as " internal sd card " and " external sd card " , since gingerbread they are now shoing as " sd card " and " usb storage " . it looks like " usb storage " is the built-in storage space ( 8gb on my phone ) , whereas " sd card " is the separate sd card that plugs into the slot by the battery and you can plug the card in yourself ( i have got a 32gb card in mine ) . most apps do not know that there is two separate storage spaces , as this is a samsung thing , not an android thing . media files copied into either location will be picked up ok by the media scanner , so you can put your music , etc where you want without any worries . some apps , like the camera app , have been modified by samsung to know about the multiple storage locations and will let you save to either ( configurable in the settings ) others do not , and will only save to the " usb storage " space . i have not had a chance to play with kies air since gingerbread , so can not help you there ( but i will try to over the weekend and update ) . but for file manager apps you should be able to see the folder /mnt/sdcard which is the " usb storage " and looking down that you should see a folder called external_sd which , if you open it is your micro-sd card . for any apps that let you pick where to save files , saving to this location will ensure its on the actual sd card .
nope ! usb storage is a partition of the phone internal memory . seems it was done to separate the os and its data from other type of data .
glympse seems like a good alternative . just pick who you want to share with , and for how long , and they can follow you on their phones or computers ( and they do not need glympse installed ) .
i have not used it myself , but i have noticed neer in the market -- it sounds like what you are looking for .
download super backup from play store and export sms , contact and app to your email
if your intention is to have your " personal card " available as a kind of " business card " to easily share with your partners , there might be a much better idea than exporting it as vcard : export it as qr-code . so you only need to display that qr-code on your device , and your partner can use a qr reader to " snap " it . it would then be detected as a " business card " ( actually , the qr code will represent a vcard -- afaik even in vcard format ) , and so your partner can directly import it into his/her contacts . how to do that ? an app i started using a while ago is qr droid . it comes with some pretty practical widgets offering shortcuts , and has several add-ons on the playstore for sharing your current gps position as qr code , and more . . . ok , back to topic : qr droid " business cards " , history , selection to create a code ( source : google play ; click images to enlarge ) as the screenshots show , this app is able to create " business card qr-codes " . you can even edit them ( e . g . embed an image into the code to make it nicer looking ) . to show it to your partner for scanning , you can easily pick it from the history ( second screenshot ) . and as a side-effect , it can do much more -- not only create , but also read qr codes . ps : as the contact will be exported as vcard , you can also share it with your other devices this way . it might not be imported to your " personal contact " on the other devices , though . . .
select your contact -> settings menu -> share -> gmail -> and send that to your own email address . then you will get a e-mail with yourcontact . vcf attached to it . simply download it . ( downloaded file will be available on sdcard/download )
figured it out . . . go to the wifi settings , hit the menu key and choose " advanced " , and uncheck " avoid poor connections " .
one checkmark means that the message has been delivered to whatsapp servers , but has not been delivered to the recipient 's phone . you do not need to send it again , the message will be delivered to the recipient the next time his/her phone connects to the whatsapp servers , assuming you are not blocked . sending it again will not help , since it is already delivered to whatsapp servers .
yes , firefox wastes too much space ( especially when showing open tabs ) , maybe they fix that someday . in the meantime , have you tried with chrome for android ? it has new gestures to switch between tabs : in chrome for android , you’ll be able to : swipe horizontally across the top toolbar to quickly switch tabs . drag vertically down from the toolbar to enter into the tab switcher view . drag down from the menu to open the menu and select the item you want without having to lift your finger .
i have not tried this , but since android is not so different than the underlying linux system , you might be able to do the same thing as described here . the device file name might be different though and you might need to be rooted .
it might be helpful : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2076327 theh file system could be ext4 - probably the most popular linux file system .
on yesterday 's cyanogenmod nightly , i performed the following steps : unmount the sd card in the ui erase the sd card in the ui ( this recreates the partition table itself and creates a new fat32 fs ) unmount the sd card again , if needed plug in the phone open a shell with adb shell su to root ( this has to be enabled in settings ) run make_ext4fs /dev/block/mmcblk1p1 to create the new ext4 fs mount the sd card in the ui ( you will have to unplug the phone to do this ) reopen the root shell and run chown media_rw:media_rw /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 to give the folder the expected owner run chmod 775 /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 to make the sdcard writable having done this , the card is mounted automatically by cyanogenmod , and it can be written to from file managers without root privileges . i also copied music and pictures to the filesystem , and after a reboot , they are indexed and shown in apollo and gallery . i have only been using it for less than a day , but it is been working like a better fat32 fs so far .
yes it works ! however there is no guarantee that it will work with every dvi screen .
i do not know how you came up with that command line , but it appears to be incorrect . the format of the fastboot flash command is : fastboot flash partition imagefile i have never heard of a phone with a " zip " partition : they are usually called " boot " , " recovery " , " system " , and " userdata " . my guess is that you need to unzip the zip file you have downloaded , which will give you files named something like " boot . img " , " recovery . img " and " system . img " . it may also include a script that already has the right fastboot commands to flash the whole system ( but you had need to rename fastboot-mac to fastboot to run it ) , and/or a readme file explaining the process . read it carefully and follow the steps exactly . guessing what arguments to give to fastboot will probably result in bricking your phone .
the answers to is there any way to erase personal information from my phone that has already been stolen ? might help you here . although your phone has not been stolen , the same solution seems like it would be appropriate to your case . if you have sensitive information on your device , and your company does not already have a way to remote-wipe it , then what you work for is an in -security company . you should figure out what to do about lost or stolen devices before it happens . right now , you are putting your customers at risk .
cyanogenmod has a good overview with many devices and a full update guide per device ( captivate as example here ) . here is an explanation of commonly used terminology ( fastboot , adb… ) . there are some differences between manufacturers/brands : google : very easy , with standard tools ( adb , fastboot ) sony : rather easy , all standard tools + special tool ( flashtool by androxyde ) , locked bootloader that needs an unlock code from website ( not possible for all branded phones ) motorola : rather hard to mod , locked bootloaders samsung : rather easy , unlocked bootloaders ( except for some branded phones )
i appreciated the presentation video of rom manager , the best known app to backup a phone and install a new rom : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=psmi8kmbney
there is no such thing as an " i747 t999" . the i747 is the model used by at and t . there is no relevant difference between the i747 and the i747m used by bell and telus , or the i747r used by rogers . they are identical as far as software or repairs are concerned . the t999 is a different model used by t-mobile , wind mobile , and possibly others . the only real difference is the supported frequency bands , though this means they are not intercompatible for roms . casings are identical , as are common parts like the camera or screen . i would presume that by " i747 t999" , they mean the part is compatible with both the i747 model and the t999 model , which it should be , as the physical form of them is identical .
the blue dot is because of gps and not because of wifi . gps does not require internet connectivity to work when it locks onto your position . how does it know to update ? when you go off course then the app will try and update your route with a new route ( which needs internet ) .
you can download an app like quickpic that is a local gallery viewer and delete only local copies that way . it is probably the easiest way . i have no idea why google photos has no options to delete only the local copy , forgetting such an essential feature is such a google thing to do .
when using the photos app it will do that for you . if you use the gallery app it will only manipulate the local images , therefore deleting the local ones . the gallery app comes with nexus 4 .
https://support.google.com/hangouts/answer/3118600?hl=en this does not work ? i have not tried it , because i do not have hangouts on my phone . edit 1 sign out of hangouts tip : if you don’t want to receive notifications , enable snooze notifications . touch menu > ​ settings > touch your google account > scroll to the bottom and touch sign out .
try installing betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you granular data about how your phone 's battery is being drained . you know the power hog is google reader but these apps can help you determine if the app is killing the battery because it is using a ton of data or if it is initiating long or frequent wake-locks . . . if i had to guess without any more info , i would guess that reader is updating in the background frequently and consuming a lot of data .
i do not own a galaxy tab but some tablets have a hard reset button similar to windows power reset button . it is generally a small hole and you can use a pin to reboot the device by pressing the pin in the hole for few seconds . basically what it does is it reboots the tablet . you do not require to wait for the battery drain .
you most probably see this , right : this is the galaxy tab 's ' download mode ' to install new firmware as a last resort via samsung 's odin or to side-load aftermarket firmware . you can wait for the battery to drain by itself without taking further action .
your device is in download mode . i do not have that device , but if the battery does not come out , you will probably need to use adb and send an adb reboot to get it out of download mode . if you do not know how to use adb , then you can just let the battery die . i do not like that option though because the same image will be on the screen for an extended period of time . does the screen look like this : to use adb : download the usb drivers from samsung download the android sdk connect the device to your computer via usb cable open a command prompt where the android sdk was installed and change to the platform-tools directory . for example , my sdk is installed at c:\android-sdk so i run the following : c:\android-sdk> cd platform-tools then try to reboot with adb : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; adb reboot  if that does not work try the following command : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; fastboot reboot 
first are you talking about storing the music on your android device or on the google servers ? if you are planning on streaming music to your device from the google music play servers then you can not store your music in a lossless format see this page about formats on google play music , and notice this line : flac , ogg , and aac files are transcoded to 320kbps mp3 however , if you want to store the music locally on your device then your question makes more sense . there are a few ways to put alac music on your android device in flac keep your library in alac and convert songs to flac as you want them . then move the new flac files to your device . a program like max should be able to handle the conversion for you . convert all of your alac files to flac in place and then use fluke to enable flac playback support in itunes . what option you select depends on how much you like to keep your os free of plugins like fluke and how ofter you are moving music to and from your device .
as has been established in other answers , google 's play music program does not support files in alac . however , the m4a extension is used by several supported formats so play music will attempt to add these files to its library . unfortunately , when play music actually tries to play these files , it causes errors . one solution ( mentioned above ) is to re-encode the files into a supported format . if you want to keep alac files on your device for use by other players , you will need to prevent google play from seeing your alac/m4a files . after considerable research ( and a fruitless exchange with google support ) , i discovered that play music will respect " . nomedia " files . when a . nomedia file is placed in a folder , the media scanner will ignore ( recursively ) that folder . while there are several techniques for putting . nomedia files in place ( e . g . this list ) , studiokuma 's . nomedia manager is by far the easiest . warning : while this approach is able to hide the alac files from play music , it may hide your alac files from the player you want to use . in my case , rocket music player provides the option ( 1 ) to limit the library to specific music folders and ( 2 ) to ignore . nomedia files in those folders . this combination ( for me at least ) allowed me to keep and use my alac files without breaking play music ( which i use to access older mp3s synced to the cloud ) .
where do you got your music files ? if you rip them from a cd you can rip again to wav . i think both itunes and android player support it and wav is better than flac or alac , though is bigger size . if you insist keeping your current format , you can always try another player like flac player or golden ears for ipod/iphone/ipad , or poweramp for android . i personally use flac player in my ipod and poweramp in a sony nwz-z1060 ( android walkman ) . my current format for portable is flac and for desktop is wav . i am an audiophile , so i am very sensitive about file format . i still prefer flac for portable because the size difference between flac/alac and wav is very huge .
i had exaclty the same problem . i use sony xperia z with jelly bean 4.3 the solution that worked for me is like this : 1 . stop contact autosync of google account . 2 . clear all data and cache of contact storage app . after this email app will not autocomplete with gmail contacts . the drawback is that the native gmail app will not autocomplete either . in general i believe this should be fixed in the next patch for android somehow to let me choose from which contacts i want autocomplete to pull . hope this helps ks
go to settings -> apps , swipe to all , scroll and press launcher , then select clear data . your home screen is as good as new : ) update : as suggested by chahk below , a good way to avoid cluttering your homescreen is by going to the play store then going to menu -> settings and un-checking the auto-add widgets option .
if you want just to enter your shifts and make them repeat , so you can see when you working or not , there are plenty of such apps on the android market , for example - shift work schedule ( this one is free ) .
as far as i can tell , this is not possible within android 's calendar apps . it is possible , however , in google calendar 's web app . if you are syncing with a google account , you can go to google calendar and set up events to repeat every 5 weeks . you would have to set up each segment separately , but you could then set that segment to repeat every five weeks . for example : go to google calendar add an event for one day of work ( say , a single night shift ) edit event . . . check box for " repeat . . . " in the popup that appears , set to repeat every 5 weeks , and select the days that week that have the same schedule ( e . g . , mon , tues , wed ) . repeat for each segment in your schedule . if you use the same google account to sync your calendar to your phone , the schedule should appear shortly .
try this : go to the account for the exchange server and change " email check frequency " to " never " . check the box to " sync calendar " .
i hope someone comes up with a different solution : as far as i can tell , the solution presented in the answer by al everett , does not work . my work around : i have created a folder called ' inbox server ' on the exchange and set up a filter to move all incoming mails from inbox to ' inbox server ' . since the sync only syncs the inbox folder by default , effectively , no exchange emails are synced now . but if anyone else has another solution or comments , please let them know . i will be glad to read them .
iirc , one difference is that odin can change the filesystem to a different " format " . for example , there are rom for the galaxy s devices that would change the filesystem from rfs to ext4 . if you did a nandroid of the device , before you flashed the rom , then decided to go back to the " stock rom " , your filesystem would still be ext4 . this could cause issues if it is not a filesystem that the stock rom can deal with , or expect . as for , " is it better " , it does make it easy for samsung owners to go back to complete stock , but nandroid is still a full backup of your device at that time and could , essentially , work just as well .
a quick google-fu , which took less than 2 seconds yielded this hit where i got the information from , fyi - keywords without quotes " android gps offline maps " possibly two that might be of interest - navfree navfree is a completely free navigation app that offers turn-by-turn directions , spoken and on-screen instructions , offline map use and address search and live search via google and microsoft bing , among many other features . the maps it uses are available for free download from the navfree store . the map data is stored on your device so there is no need for a constant data connection while driving . it also allows you to browse maps anytime , anywhere without paying for data connections , which means no costly roaming charges when abroad . and the other - mapdroyd mapdroyd features world-wide off-line maps powered by openstreetmap . experience true unplugged vector maps avoiding expensive network connections . apparently , there is a way to do this - as documented over on xda which enables you to create your offline maps for storage and to be used by the likes of google maps etc . . . hope it helps ! : )
/cache partition is mostly for saving the downloads from google play store , found in /cache/downloads . it also can hold the recovery log found in /cache/recovery called last_log as well ( this holds any errors and/or diagnostics from the recovery binary a lá cwm or stock , which will get logged in the file to aid debugging and development of the recovery binary ) . there is also another directory in there called lost+found which holds any recovered files ( if any ) as a result of file-system corruption , such as incorrectly removing the sdcard without un-mounting it . so really , there is no loss of data from clearing it . in fact , upon android boot-up , the script will clear out the /cache/downloads to make way for any new downloads/updates from google play store .
to give a closer overview on filesystems used on android devices , here 's a short table with a selection of the more important ones : [ 1 ] on older systems , entire /data is just a single partition/file system [ 2 ] on newer devices , /data can be further segemented you will not find all these file systems on all devices -- but if you find some of them , this list should give you a raw idea .
i just installed orbot awhile ago , and i got it working on my rooted samsung galaxy s4 . you need to set the proxy for your apn . go to System Settings &gt; More networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; APN . open your existing apn , and take note of the settings . you need to make a clone of this apn ( so that you will still have the original apn , and have another apn that goes through tor ) . go back to the apns page , and create a new apn , copying the settings from the other apn . then , set these : proxy : localhost port : 8118 after that , make sure you select the newly-created apn as your new apn . your network will refresh in a bit . open your browser and open check.torproject.org . if it was successful , you should see something like this : warning : if you use the gmail app ( or in my case , kaiten configured with my gmail ) , it may detect unauthorized access , and you may be asked to reset your gmail password online .
if you deny superuser access it works . at least on my vzw s4 it does .
the youtube 5 app released this week ( aug 20 , 2013 ) supports hangouts on air . the previous version of the app apparently did not .
not sure if this is it . from google support : the youtube app will not work with hangouts on air . so if you use hangouts on air , your viewers will only see the video call , not your playlist or the videos .
download samsung kies , and install it . it will install all the drivers you need , plus the samsung kies software , where you can do back-ups and other phone management tasks .
logcat does not need root . simples - its a de-facto standard across the board in respect to different android versions and is part of android irrespective if you are rooted or not , and is a standard means for diagnosing problems as in for example - you install an app , the app force close , you complain to developer of said app , chances are quite high the developer will ask " send over the logcat " regardless if you are rooted or not ! alogcat is one way of gathering the information , with the option of logging to webpage layout or plain text , bear in mind , if you schedule it to log at a certain frequency such as every 15 minutes , the sdcard will fill up quite quickly . another aspect , usage of logcat will be dependent on the kernel in terms of how much it can store - in any kernel that is used by the rom , the source for the logging from a kernel level , where it reserves the memory for the logcat service can be found in drivers/staging/android/logger.c using the appropriate defines for example : define_logger_device ( log_main , logger_log_main , 64*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_events , logger_log_events , 256*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_radio , logger_log_radio , 64*1024 ) define_logger_device ( log_system , logger_log_system , 64*1024 ) again , mileage will vary , some developers of such roms will choose to minimize consumption to reduce memory overheads . . .
no , you do not need root to access logcat . my device ( samsung galaxy note , gingerbread 2.3.6 with stock rom ) is not rooted ( yet ! ) and i have used the following ways to access log on my device : catlog app alogcat app activated sshdroid app , and connected to the device terminal using an ssh client using android sdk and running adb logcat however , the terminal app does not allow you to run logcat , and gives you " permission denied " . i am not sure why .
no , you do not need root to get logcat information . to do it , you probably want to download the android sdk and run " adb logcat " , using the adb tool that comes with the sdk . alternatively , you could install the adt eclipse plugin and use its handy streaming logcat viewer .
it seems you cannot run logcat from terminal emulator without having root on your phone . in this case you have to su first . afaik , it comes from android permissions : terminal emulator simply does not have enough permissions to view device 's log . so the system says permission denied . on the other hand , as others said , there are plenty of apps that allow you to view device 's log just because they request the permission .
you do not need to root your phone to run adb logcat with the android sdk , but i did just test it in my terminal emulator and i did have to be root ( used the su command -- my phone is already rooted ) to run logcat in the terminal on my phone . so yes : if you have root on your phone you can run logcat from a terminal on your phone .
these free apps in the market claim to be able to display your logcat , and do not make any mention of root . should only take you a few minutes to try them out : catlog alogcat logviewer edit : thanks to @mente for reminding me that these apps will only let you view the full logfile in older versions of android . android 4.1 brought in a new security model around logfiles that meant that apps could only read their own logfiles and logfile entries , and can not read logfile entries written by the system or other apps . there is however still both a way for an app 's user to generate a logfile of the app 's recent log entries to be sent to a developer , and for a phone 's owner to grant permissions to allow an app to read the logfile without full root , but this does require you to use an adb command , which unfortunately takes it out of the reach of most normal phone users : if you want the user to give you debugging information , you can have them generate a bug report with power + volume down + volume up which includes the logs and lots of other data , and automatically brings up their e-mail app to sent it all ( plus a screenshot ) . we were just discussing that we should have an easier way to generate these as well , i am going to look at adding something to the settings app . i also have started introducing the concept of a " development " permission , which read logs is classified as . this allows the app to request the permission , but not get it at install . you can however grant it with an adb shell command once it is installed . at some point later i expect to have a ui in the system for doing this , but we are going to hold off on that to be careful about how we present this . excerpt from a post on google groups by dianne hackborn , android framework engineer . my emphasis . the mentioned adb command to grant an application permission to read the logs is : adb shell pm grant &lt;pkg&gt; android.permission.READ_LOGS  this setting should survive reboots and upgrades of the app ( but not uninstalls/reinstalls ) .
the application android system info has the ability to output log info to the screen which as far as i can tell is the same log info as logcat spits out .
follow the following steps exactly . start up your rooted and unlocked nexus 7 . install " es file manager " from the play store . start " es file manager " and go to " settings\root settings " and tick all boxes . go to http://d-h.st/e57 and download the file from your nexus 7 . go to your "/sdcard/download/" folder . long press on the " media_profiles . xml . zip " file and select " extract to " . leave as default and hit " ok " . go to "/sdcard/download/media_profiles . xml/" long press on the " media_profiles_new-3fe47816232d5037339532623a9019f88d6ab143 . xml " file and select " rename " . rename it as " media_profiles . xml " . long press again , and select " copy " . navigate to "/etc/" and hit " paste " in the top bar ( 2nd last icon ) allow es file manager to overwrite the existing file . long press on " media_profiles . xml " and select " properties " ( might need to scroll down ) . tick every single box and apply . restart and launch your camera app and select video . then hit the circle in the bottom left and hit the settings button that appears in the middle of your screen . it should already read "720p hd " and you can press that to change between that and "480p " . any questions , please do not hesitate to ask !
mhl is a new wire protocol , using very clever signalling technology to use very few wires to transmit a lot of data : 1080p video , 7.1 channel surround sound , and rcp remote control data . mhl also uses the existing power lines on usb to allow the tv to power the connected device . when connected to an mhl display , the display controller on the phone speaks the mhl protocol just like it would speak the hdmi protocol to an hdmi display . the mhl standard itself is just the signalling protocol : it does not specify what connectors are used . this allows the micro-usb connector on a phone to detect when it is being used for mhl , and switch to speaking the mhl protocol . apart from the connector , there is no relationship between mhl and usb , so you can not use a usb hub : the cable has to connect directly to the device . hdcp hdcp on mhl works in exactly the same way as over an hdmi or displayport connection : the intention is that only consuming devices with a valid , unrevoked device key can perform key exchange and thus decipher the content . see the wikipedia page on hdcp if you want to learn about that , or about why the intended behaviour is not the actual behaviour . mhl connections there are three types of cable . the first is not an adaptor at all : it is just a cable for connecting an mhl producer such as a phone to an mhl consumer such as a tv . you can only use this if your tv supports mhl and has the appropriate connector . the second is the 5-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor you have mentioned . you can still only use this if your tv supports mhl , but it means the tv does not need a special port . it does not use the hdmi protocol , or convert any signals : it is just a cable with a micro-usb connector on one end and an hdmi connector on the other . the third is the 11-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor . this is needed for newer samsung phones , which are incompatible with the 5-pin adaptors . only the connection to the device is different : as far as the tv is concerned , it works the same as the 5-pin adaptor , and the tv must still support mhl . as you have surmised , the use for the extra pins is that 11-pin cables support using usb-on-the-go at the same time : the adaptor is y-shaped , with a micro-usb connector at one end , and hdmi and micro-usb connectors at the other . the usb part works as normal and can be used with hubs , either in host mode or peripheral mode . displaylink the other thing you have seen , a " usb to hdmi convertor " , is for pcs . software running on the pc acts as an extra framebuffer , and uses proprietary compression technology to compress the video stream so that it can be sent on a normal usb link . the compression protocol is secret , and optimized for sending computer guis rather than movies . the hdmi end of the convertor has enough processing power inside it to decompress the stream into a framebuffer , which it sends over hdmi to the connected screen . the technology is developed and owned by displaylink ( formerly newnham technologies ) , based near me in cambridge , gb . because they rely heavily on software running on the producer , they do not support android , and likely never will . and because the compression protocol is secret and proprietary , the open-source community will not be able to supply a driver either . these devices use the standard usb protocol , so they work with hubs , but of course any delay or bandwidth contention caused by other devices will make the display laggy and add compression artifacts .
i am also using the same device . also upgraded to jelly bean . well , to your above queries , just remember that higher ram usage in jelly bean is actually supposed to " utilize " the device properly . logically , we buy device with high ram for what ? so that we get faster performance . but there is always tradeoff between performance and features . jelly bean offers more features but takes more ram . regarding rooting the phone . it is always a grey area . while rooting voids device warranty , it also enables user to control almost every aspect of the device . but do it if you are willing to invest time understanding the intricacies of rooting . cheers !
this depends entirely on the oem and what features they decide to put in their devices . however , i have used a panorama feature since the beginning ( 2.3 gingerbread ) on my nexus s , and have had it all the way till my 4.2 galaxy nexus , so i can say that the stock android camera app has panorama , at least 2.3 onwards . beyond that , device specific panorama is dependent on the oem . you could always use third party apps , like this one , which supports android 2.1 and above .
eldarerathis is right , you had need to build the droid x source in order for it to just work without modification . drivers are the main issue here ; unlike windows , for example , android does not include a vast number of drivers to enable it to work on most any hardware . android also runs on much less standardized hardware than pcs . most roms you see tend to be modifications of the stock image , possibly with custom kernels built from stock . it is rare that they are fully built from the manufacturer 's source , and even rarer when they are built from the aosp ( apart from the nexus devices ) .
link2sd will not move apps to sdcard but it will link 2nd partition with system 1 ) format your 2nd partition of sdcard and try it
as far as i know this is not really possible . but there are apps available in the play store that implement a panic button where you can place a button on your home screen ( and maybe also your lock screen , but i have not it yet ) . one of those apps i found is red panic button . but you can also have a look in the play store yourself if you search for something like panic button etc .
there are several shutdown apps on the market , they all needed root . you can combine them with widgetlocker and put their icons on your lockscreen for quick shutdown .
had the same problem , seems like the app tries to use ports other than http specific ones , so your proxy server might be blocking them , that is why you probably might get connection errors , so simple way , try using firefox browser it directs video stream via http proxy . so how it works out for you mob .
make sure your proxy server is not blocking video streaming . if connectify is broadcasting an internet connection which is already established thru proxy , android has got system-wide proxy connection . so , there is no need to setup proxy in particular player . sometimes , proxy servers limit the speed of video streaming and even block it . so , get this info first if proxy server is not managed by you . then , try using real player and let me know . .
not gingerbread-specific , but according to ohloh , android was created using : c c++ java others
i would go with tasker for this . tasker can react on a lot of events , an incoming sms being only one of the many . you can then have it parse the sms text , and react on keywords . there're probably already som " profiles " out in the wild which you could adapt ( just check with a google search ) , you also can find more details on sms notification management - tasker wiki . this is probably the most flexible solution . to sum up alternatives already mentioned in the comments : go sms offers a filter feature , as sparx mentioned sms-filter can check the sms body and display notifications ( again from sparx )
it was hard to take screenshots on 1st generation kindle fire tablet . you had to android sdk etc and connect to your computer etc just to take a screenshot . we are used to print screen function on computers . how to take screenshot of kindle fire hd or kindle fire 2 1 . press and hold volume down and power buttons simultaneously . your kindle fire screen flickers and takes a snapshot of tablet screen . you can find the saved screenshot images in photos > screenshots . make sure to select device tab at the top as shown below . you can send saved screenshot via email , skype etc . i did not any option to send them via bluetooth . it seems kindle fire has limited sharing options .
after some searching , it turns out this feature is provided by the sprint network ( although that does not rule out that other carriers/devices may provide similar functionality ) . the q and a at community . sprint . com points to the sprint connection optimizer , aka the " intelligent mobile network and wi-fi setting . " this setting " will automatically connect you to wi-fi networks on your device 's remembered list . " this setting can be enabled/disabled by navigating to settings > more settings > mobile networks > sprint connections optimizer .
if you go to setting\apps\chrome and scroll down to " launch by default " and hit " clear defaults " it will stop automatically opening in chrome and will ask you which app to open it with when you hit " yes/maybe/no " . however , if you try to open with calendar it still goes to the browser with the same issue . one workaround i have found - there is an app called invitation plugin . it allows you to open the invite . ics from gmail and view the event directly in calendar . it is a work around for a problem that did not exist in ice cream sandwich but now does exist in jelly bean and really should not exist at all but at least it is a simple and effective work around .
there is very little you can do ! the calendar application is wired up to trigger a open intent to the web browser to accept the invites , its written up in the package 's manifest . source : packages/apps/Calendar/src/com/android/calendar/GoogleCalendarUriIntentFilter.java
i believe it is linked to the sim for security , but not stored on the sim ( so you can take it out ) .
here is a partial solution ( it does not copy widgets ) . you must save the adw settings as a backup in the free version , then restore them in the paid version . open adw launcher context menu > adwsettings > system > backup and restore > backup open adw launcher ex context menu > adwsettings > system > backup and restore > restore > ( choose the backup time stamp you just created ) context menu > adwsettings > system > restart adw now you will have to re-create your widgets .
actually your algorithm is right except one thing - you can not restore widgets if you are using android ics or older . this is limitation of os . from this post : note 2: if you unfortunately have an android device running anything prior to android 4.1 , the widgets will not be restored . and also from play store : -appwidget backup/restore ( only for android 4.1 and newer )
m3u files store playlists . the m3u files you are trying to run just has a list of urls to the radio stations . you can only play m3u files on your media player if the player supports playing them . try the live365 app . it works great for me . huge range of stations , both free and paid .
try tunein radio , it has both stations , and it is great ( and free ) !
go to the login page , tap on " problems in signing " . enter your primary facebook email , skype will send a code to your email . copy it , go back to the skype app . tap on enter the key , paste the key in it . there is your skype account named facebook:your.name . tap on your facebook profile , tap sign in with facebook then facebook login page will appear and enter your login info .
click on the row number in the first column . click the number again ; a menu should pop-up . click 4th button ; a menu should popup with the following options : insert above insert below
when in the message window , " long press " the image ( hold your finger down on the image for a second or two ) and a menu should pop up giving you the option to download or save the attachment . when you go to your gallery you will usually see attachments you have downloaded in a folder called " downloads " or " messaging . "
i have a galaxy s4 running android 4.2.2 in messaging in the message i have been sent a photo . . underneath it says mms i tap the photo and it goes fullscreen i tap the ( anachronistic floppy disk ) save icon i can rename it i hit ok and it responds with : attachment copied to device storage it is now saved to : internal storage/download i use dropbox to grab it from there it does not appear in my gallery : ( if i accidentally long-press i choose save attachment for the same thing
i found the solution by myself . in settings > lock screen you can configure your lock screen . there are options to change the way screen is unlocked , to change wallpaper and to change widget and shortcuts .
i have a leedroid rom on my desire , and it has sense and a2sd+ . there are many roms with sense . . .
i also have the safe device and had faced the same problem . i have two wonderful solutions : 1 ) use link2sd . this app moves your app 's apk , lib and dex file to second partition of you sd card . it will leave only the data files in the internal memory . so you can install nearly five times the more apps . i have a blog post if you want to try it out . 2 ) use sueprnova rom . this rom is the stock rom with data2sd support . so you can even use 2gb of sd space as internal memory . both of this solution requires you to have a better class of sd card .
ok , what i ended up doing was using the astro file manager app to access /system/customize/resource on my phone , which seems to have the wallpaper graphics ( amongs a load of other stuff ) . i copied the wallpaper i wanted to customize to an easy-to-reach place on the sd card ( edit | copy , then paste , in astro ) , and copied it to my pc . customized the wallpaper , and then copied it to the sdcard 's dcim directory via a usb cable ( you can also use bluetooth for this ) . i set it as my phone 's background and it worked ! yay ! kudos to the people at xda-developers . for those interested , i just wanted to have my phone 's make/model display as part of the background . here 's my new background wallpaper :
the power button is handled at a very low level by something like a watchdog , so if it is not working , the problem is probably in hardware , not software . that means it probably needs physically replacing . take it to a repair shop and have them check it out . even if you do not think you did anything to break it , it could be the result of an earlier impact : e.g. it cracked the circuit board , but only after continued use has the crack broken the electrical circuit .
es datei explorer is more than just a simple file explorer . it offers a bunch of additional features , which explain most of the permissions you have listed . i am using this app for years already and can assure you : it never abused any of the permissions ( especially i never saw it making " phone calls " , and yes , i supervise such things ) . but for the things you list : storage : what do you thing where your files are , um , stored ? all file managers access the " storage " . otherwise they could not write there , so you could not copy/move files . phone calls : this is a permission group , not the permission COST_CALL itself . the only permission from that group which es file accesses is read phone status and identity . so it can detect whether there is an incoming/outgoing/ongoing call ( and see the remote number ) , as well as check your device 's id ( imsi ) . not sure what for the app needs this , though . network communication : this app can also access the network ( feature list : remote file manager ) . so you can e.g. use it to copy files from/to your computer , e.g. using windows shares ( also known as samba , smb , cifs ) . a feature i really enjoy quite often . so nothing bad about this ! system tools : again a permission group . here the app requests : modify system settings , connect and disconnect from wi-fi , set wallpaper , install shortcuts , uninstall shortcuts , access bluetooth settings , prevent phone from sleeping . all mentioned permissions are explainable from the app 's feature list , though the " modify system settings* is a little unclear . hardware controls : once more a permission group . only used permission here is control vibration . so no danger from that , either . so the point is to look behind those " permission groups " what permissions are really requested by an app , and cross-check that with its features . if something 's unclear : ask , as you did : ) " better save than sorry " is a good attitude ! if you are still concerned , and rather want a more minimalistic solution ( as you do not need all those features ) , there are plenty alternatives . but i personally can warmly recommend you this app , from my own experience : it is easy to use , and never let me down in years . no " permission abuse " either .
if your phone is not rooted , then you can not access the " os " or the " programms " . when you plug your phone , you can only browse its internal and/or external storage in a file explorer . if you are not rooted , you can use adb to browse the " os " , but you can only view it and you can not access /data folder . if you are rooted , you can access and write all to the internal parts of the system , but it is dangerous if you do not know what you are doing . in every case , you can not see it through windows explorer .
as shywim wrote , direct access from your windows pc is limited to certain directories – by default . but there are some helpers available to give you more details . some examples include : davdrive lite – make the local file system available via webdav . this would require another 3rd party tool on your windows pc ( some webdav client ) ftpserver – a small and lightweight ftp server . i am not sure how much of your internal storage can be exposed with this without root . airdroid – access your files ( and much more ) via your web browser on the pc . airdroid is a feature-loaded remote maintenance tool for your android device , and does much more than just let you copy/paste files . as you are using windows : myphoneexplorer client might be worth a look as well . it requires a pc companion ( available for free on their website ) , and offers you a lot of additional features to maintain your android device remotely . of course , there would be other means . also already mentioned was adb . for this , you might want to take a look at qtadb as graphical frontend – and at is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to get adb set up without too much overhead .
good choice ( t-mobile ) . if your phone is unlocked you should be able to use your device with most carriers , especially the ones who activate service with a sim card . it is most likely because it is not registered yet , i would not see any reason otherwise . update i will agree with eldrerathis here . it is possible that the device cannot connect to the network correctly .
i had bad luck with any " cheap " cards that i ever bought . they usually end up being " off brands " , and some of the slowest performing . the cheap ones usually do not even mention the class rating , which means they are probably a class 2 , or worse . i never had them fail in the short time you seen , but they did fail , and after 2 cheap cards failed on me in my android device , i spent the extra couple bucks and went with a " name brand " class 6 ( i could not even find a class 10 when i bought it ) . i have had this card for almost 3 years now , it has moved between 3 different android devices in that time , and has seen its share of custom android roms flashed to the host device . not to mention it even had a time , before froyo , it was partitioned to with 1gb ext4 partition to act as an " extension " of the devices internal storage , and even swap at one point on my adp1 . i have had zero problems with it .
turns out you can forward all traffic over the network by entering 0.0.0.0/0 you can then check by doing a google search for your ip and it should now be the public ip of your vpn 's gateway
look under settings / applications / memory then narrow down to " running " , and see what is taking room . before i found " running " , i noticed that nfs shift and let 's golf took a very large amount of " memory " ( akin to disk space ) so uninstalled them . then under running , i could see if there were any things running that i did not want , in my case skype was running ( i use the chat ) , imo was running ( i use the chat ) , etc . but if i would have found things i did not want running i would see what i could do with them .
the best solution is to swap the ' storage memory 's ' . it is to swap internal to external and external to internal . if your phone 's rooted it may be easy just to edit a file ( depending on the model ) . so better search How to Swap Internal and External for your model . better search xda forums .
no , there is no way to increase internal memory ; this is installed at the factory and is fixed . you can , however , free up existing space on your internal memory by removing apps , cleaning out caches and deleting end user files that are stored there . modifying stock apps ( ie , removing bloatware ) usually requires a rooted device , and will prevent you from receiving over the air updates as well as most likely voiding your warranty .
it is possible that the usb cable is designed for charging only ( i.e. . not a data cable ) , or is of poor quality . off-topic : although not a usb cable , i have encountered otg cables that could not detect a usb drive . in this case , it was a poor ( or defective ) otg cable ; other cables were able to detect the usb drive . related posts ( external ) : all micro usb cables are not created equal ?
if you buy a nexus phone , you get official instructions from google on how to root the phone . i would recommend you hold on a couple of months for the phone that will replace the nexus 4 . i have had a nexus 4 for half a year and it is pretty good for the money i paid for it .
no . most phones come with " stock " roms , possibly stock android or stock manufacturer-modified roms . most manufacturers , if not all , will not give you root access because they do not want you to play around with your phone , which may give them headaches ( a metaphor ) in case you go to them to fix it . some may not even fix phones that are rooted .
as you have already tested , trying out different browsers might be a good alternative . i suggest you try either boat browser or dolphin browser . my stand for chrome browser still remains . it is still an immature browser , and lacks many features / add-ons that are available in other browsers .
turns out the answer to this problem was quite simple , in order to disable google play store ( 1 ) first , you must have version 4.8.2 installed ( just replace it in /system/app with the new com . android . vending . apk ) download a root service from the store called " disable service " ( again make sure root is installed and the app is given root permission ) now , in the disable service app , navigate to the system app tab and find google play store . tap on it and you will get a list of services scroll to the bottom and uncheck " check wifi and update " service . you will see a " please wait " notification , and at the bottom busybox should appear , notifying you that the app was given root access exit the app and voila ! google play store will never update itself or google play services ever again ( unless you install a new version , in which case you would need to repeat the process )
deleting the MarketUpdater.apk disintegrates google services from the phone .
in the system folder there should be marketupdater . apk . if you delete that file , play store will not update itself anymore . nothing else should be affected though .
you can stop apps being auto updating in the following way . go to google play store app . click the menu button and click settings select Auto-update apps under general choose Do-not auto update apps
first , you must have version 4.8.2 installed ( just replace it in /system/app with the new com . android . vending . apk ) instructions ( found https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ji6ynspaz8 ) : root , install supersu install busybox , then terminal emulator stop whatever internet access on your android , or it will silently auto-update store , making your hard typing work useless open settings -> app manager and find play store . tap on it . it will open properties window . there will be button uninstall updates . tap on it , click yes on " replace with factory version ? " question . because there is no internet connection , this is the moment the play store could not be updated . let 's use it . open terminal emulator and type commands one by one ( numbers are just for order , do not type them ) : su ( at this time supersu app will ask you for granting root access for terminal emulator app , click grant access ) touch /data/app/com.android.vending-1.apk chattr +i /data/app/com.android.vending-1.apk enjoy ! regardless of internet connection , play store is now has version you need , not google . this might work for play store 4.8 and up , but i did not test it .
on my galaxy s3 , running 4.1.2 , the user dictionary is a background service that can be disabled . if you are running a similar device look into the following : settings\app manager\all\user dictionary click the disable button . if you are using a different device or system this could get you started in the right direction .
sorry , this answer is slightly off-topic but still important for your use case . the thing you are most likely to have to worry about is heat . having the screen on will generate heat , and you will need to plug into an external power source which when charging the battery will also generate a lot of heat . this could damage the internal components ( including the screen ) over a long period , but unfortunately i do not have any evidence to support this .
if its dropping your data connection , why have not you uninstalled it already ? seriously , there are things you can do with stock applications to improve your battery life , like turning off wifi , gps , data connection manually , all of which can be down easily with the power control widget . also , i noticed that there is a beta version of the app that is noted as being frequently unstable . is this the version you are using ? if so , buyer beware .
you have to actually open the app from the launcher icon to get it to show up in your recent apps . another case of it not showing up is when you access it via the notification bar when you click on your email notifications .
if you have not opened the application in a while , it will naturally disappear from the list of recent apps . try opening it with the widget and then going back to the home screen . if gmail is once again under you list of recent apps , you just have not opened it in a while . if it does not appear at all , then the widget you are using does not add gmail as a recent app .
every program under ' settings ' - ' applications ' , ' manage applications ' has , when clicked a ' clear data ' button . this should do what you want . as far as i know , you will have to be rooted to have a program does this for you .
backup your apps using astro file manager or mybackuppro or titanium backup . then perform a factory reset to wipe everything . finally , from the backups , restore the apps , but not the data . ( most backup apps allow you to do this . ) be warned that some apps store data on the storage card , so a fresh install might still pick up the old data off your sd card . be sure to erase your sd card too .
it does not work with my hp wireless printer :- ( at the moment google cloud print requires a pc connected to the printer - hardware manufacturers are supposedly going to release printers with the software built in - but seeing as the software is nowhere near complete . . . it could be years and you will need a new printer ! the hp printer has its own method for mobile printing though . hp have a system where you send a special address your documents as email attachments and the printer will print them . the same printer works fine with iphone directly . my wife just taps print and it prints her documents . . . i think android needs to get printing using existing standards asap .
judging from other apps , i would suspect the answer to be samsung printers only . that being said , hp has eprint , but google 's cloud print offers printing for older models of printers as well regardless of make .
it does require a samsung printer . from the android market description : compatible with samsung wireless and networked printers only thanks for mentioning the app . it did not come pre-installed on my phone and i do have a samsung wireless printer .
there is really no way to answer this question . there are devices out there that got to version 1.6 and are at the end of the line . i have a droid with froyo ( 2.2 ) and do not expect to get any more os updates . it all depends on the hardware and , most importantly , how much effort the manufacturers and/or carriers want to put in to update the device . if the past is any indication , the answer there is " not much " . they seem much more interested in selling their new phones . while google and the manufacturers recently met and said that there will be more of an effort to support and update devices for at least 18 months , we have not seen the results of that . while they occasionally backpedal on announcements of " no more updates " it has not been very frequent . if past performance is any indication , i think you can expect a few point releases , and perhaps a full release ( to version 4.0 ) but beyond that i do not think is going to happen . this is , of course , speculation , and this is now a fairly long non-answer answer to an unanswerable question .
the main difference is that with a restricted profile the ' main ' user can prevent the restricted profile from running certain apps , installing certain apps , changing system settings etc . whereas a ' user ' can do almost anything that the main user can . android police has a post looking at restricted profiles , and you can find information from google here .
with 4.3 , android apparently has three types of " users": primary user ( admin , owner ) secondary users restricted profiles primary user is the first user created for the device , when setting it up . all users ( the primary user and secondary users ) have pretty much equal control of the system - they can alter all the system settings , create more users , etc . but they cannot access the data or the apps* of the other users . since all users can only access their own data , they can also be linked to different accounts . likewise , they could also use a same account if you set it up for each user individually . however , this does not make the device aware of the different users useing the same account - each user has their own " link " to the account , unaware of the others . a restricted profile is different . like users , it has it is own settings , and own data . however uses the primary user 's accounts and installed apps . the primary user controls which of these are enabled for the profile . further , these profiles can be given parental-type restrictions to content - such as blocking all content defined as " mature " . ( note : this requires support from the apps providing the content in order to work . ) * - google play appstore does sort-of support some inter-user data - when you install an app that another user already has , the same app code is used by both users . this means it does not need to be downloaded a second time , and does not take up extra space . it also means that when one of the users updates the app , it is updated for everyone . however , only thing shared between the users is the app code , the users cannot access each other 's data . more information on developer . android . com , see specifically : support for restricted profiles .
follow them , then go to their profile and star them ( it is next to the follow button ) . you will now get notifications whenever they tweet .
user2183694 suggested that i run byobu attach-session , but when i did that , the byobu screen would come up for a split-second then quickly pop-up at the bottom the message : cannot exec 'attach session': no such file or directory  then it would drop back to the normal terminal . this at least gave me hope that it could work on the phone . then i tried just byobu , which gave me the error : ERROR: Sessions should be nested with care. Remove 'screen' from $TERM to force.  echo $TERM responds with : screen  but even using TERM= byobu responds with : Please set a terminal type.  so i tried screen -r , which gave me the self-contradictory message : There is a screen on: 3658.byobu (12/01/14 21:03:57) (Attached) There is no screen to be resumed.  but i discovered that screen -r -d works ! unfortunately the -d detaches any other screen connections ( eg from my other pc ) , but at least it works . i do not know why i have to detach other sessions , i can actually reconnect them from another pc after connecting from the phone without problems though . if anyone knows how to do it without detaching existing sessions , that would be good . tldr use screen -r -d
you should be able to use the attach-session command to attach your existing byobu session . byobu attach-session 
if you have wifi access in your place and the tablet is rooted , you can try adbwireless to see if adb runs well in your tablet . if it works then the problem may be your broken usb cable or usb connector .
are you in the groups permission to access this , on mine ( arch 64bit ) its and my user id is under the group called ' androiddev ' to add your user id to the group , sudo usermod user_id -G androiddev -a
that depends on your android version and device , but based on what you said it seems like you should be able to . you can try volume in settings , or you can download volume control and control various different volume levels and settings . several attempts to get this are posted here , but it does not seem like some devices have it .
i have found that cyanogenmod has something like this , but i did not really want to install that just for easier volume controls . i found that there is an xposed module called gravitybox that includes this . it included a lot of other stuff that i did not care about too , but thankfully someone extracted this specific feature and repackaged it as expandablevolume . i installed that , and it works great now ! ! example 1 example 2
i like slider widget - volumes . a small widget that gives control of the screen brightness and the sound volume directly from your home screen . you can easily manage those with the widget 's slider or your hardware buttons . with a double click , you can also use the buttons to toggle . slider widget shows 6 categories ( e . g brightness or ring volume ) , which you can choose from 7 categories ( more below ) . you can also change the order of the categories displayed in slider widget .
try google search : ' usbdeview ' and download it . now delete all drivers with the vendor id '18d1' search google again for : ' samsung galaxy tab 3 drivers ' and download and install , else use google 's usb drivers : search google for ' google usb driver ' . install them , and try and plug it in again . on your tablet : go to settings -> development settings - > tick usb debugging . you might wanna change your usb storage to ' charge only ' or ' camera ' if possible . else try to search google for : ' samsung galaxy tab 3 root ' . i hope i helped .
summarized answer : the main issue your facing is that you are using smartassv2/ondemandx that was developed for stock kernels . but you are using it with a non stock kernel , the cyanogenmod 7.2 . see bellow a summary for each of them . useful reading : a beginner’s guide to android kernels smartassv2/ondemandx governors stock kernel is the factory firmware . if you are using smartassv2/ondemandx governors , they are modules for phones with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors : xda developers forum :: smartassv2/ondemandx governors for rooted/stock rom | 2012-02-24 last updated : by andyx ; 16th may 2012 at 07:47 am . this modules are for people with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors . differences between this modules and build in stock kernels : allows to set max cpu freq when screen is off ( to save battery ) , allows to set starting cpu freq when phone awakes ( to speed up awake process ) , allows set/change almost all aspects of governor ( to suite needs ) , should be a bit more responsive when parameters are well chosen for smartassv2 governor . cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 the current cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port status is stable , but there are some known issues reported . already fixed reboot related issues : v0.9 ( 20120203 ) : hotfix 4test5 [ 21 feb ] : revert longterm patches due to random reboot issue . v0.7 - 22 january 2012: kernel stability fix ( disabled sched_hrtick due to instability/random reboot issue ) . note : check your version . the latest is v1.3 released at 2012-06-25 . use the link bellow to get detailed information about the development and what users are reporting . if you have got a version above v0.9 , consider reporting your issue , thus allowing the developer to deal with it . if your version is not the latest , consider changing to it . xda developers forum :: huawei u8160/u8180 cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port latest release : v1.3 last updated : by psyke83 ; 25th june 2012 at 01:57 pm . thread responses : 3830
all you really need to to is enable usb debugging in the device settings and plug in the device . as long as you have eclipse , adt plugin and the android sdk installed , which you do if you have been using emulators , you should be good to go . eclipse will automatically use the device when it is plugged in and no emulators are running , unless you have told it not to . if you are using windows , you may have to install the device vendor 's usb drivers ; if so , windows should prompt you about this when you plug in a device with usb debugging enabled . the android training class building your first app will walk you through all of these steps with a sample application .
according to steve kondik , this is essentially old code that is leftover from older versions of cyanogenmod : this was only here for apps that were statically linked against uclibc in old cm versions . it can likely just be removed . however , he also goes on to note : also , this file is not written when connecting to a network as /system is readonly . the actual dns servers are read from system properties . i also just verified that the dhcp supplied servers are actually being used , so this issue is invalid unless someone proves otherwise . so the values in /etc/resolv.conf actually do not reflect your dns settings . what you can do instead is use getprop to find your dns values . you can pare it down rather nicely if you grep the output like so : getprop | grep dns  also worth noting : the /etc/resolv.conf file appears to have been removed completely in later versions of cyanogenmod . i do not have one on cm10 at all , but getprop does correctly show my dns settings .
if you have wiped everything you have probably wiped the system partition meaning there is nothing to boot up to . try following the steps here to install a factory image which will wipe your device and completely re-install everything . if this does not work then it is likely that there is a hardware issue , which due to you having the screen replaced is unlikely to be covered under warranty ( nor will google/lg take responsibility for it )
multiple triggers are supported on automateit pro : http://automateitapp.com/index.php/user-guide-2/composite-triggers-actions-pro-version-only/ as of version 3.0.54 ( released on feb 2013 ) , you can unlock pro features from within the free version . read here how to unlock features : http://automateitapp.com/new-release-rich-notification-unlock-pro-features-and-more/
check out connectbot . An SSH and telnet client, and terminal emulator for local shell. Supports multiple sessions, including running them concurrently.
try juicessh . it works perfectly and manages all connections and files in a secure way .
since this shows up in some searches i might as well throw this answer in . i use better terminal emulator pro as it has better support for things like the asus tf300 with the dockable keyboard . including supporting the tab key that others sometimes have issues with . it does cost money though . it does support ssh keys though they do have to be converted since it uses dropbear ( as many others appear to ) as the backend .
looks like this feature was disabled in the latest version of swype : http://forum.swype.com/archive/index.php/t-6439.html phargarten 06-22-2012 , 11:16 am hey swypers , we have changed the delete behavior a bit -- and while it took me a day to get used to it , i have to say it has sped up my swyping a bit . so here 's a couple changes we have made to the deletion behavior : pressing delete after swyping a word will delete the entire word . we find that swype is rarely off by a little . if we do not guess the word you want , you probably want to delete the whole word and swype again , rather than deleting a few characters . so delete after a swyped word will delete the entire word . for this reason , the long press " delete word back " function has been removed . remember , you can always press the swype key to highlight the word next to the cursor . swype another word to replace the highlighted text . cheers and happy swyping ! peter@swypesupport
according to this thread , your device is rootable using framaroot . as you only need a temproot , the first thing to try would be to : extract the temproot binary used by framaroot and push it to /data/local/tmp or any folder where you can set permissions flag this file as executable then run it $ chmod 777 filename $ ./filename  if successful , you have temp root and can remount the system read/write # mount -o remount,rw /system /system 
pull the battery , put it back in press volume down +power , it will boot into Hboot , then use volume to scroll down and select recovery , then restore a backup or flash rom again .
if the problem is that it will not charge is because the usb port is broken . maybe through pocket lint or broken charger . anyway i advise trying wireless charging
according to the specs at wikipedia it is 320 x 480 px 3.2 in ( 81 mm ) hvga 65,536 color lcd 180 pixels per inch ( ppi )
you might try an application like tasker . it detects state changes and events and allows you to change settings or take other actions based on that . it is really quite powerful in that regard . here 's a link to the app market https://market.android.com/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskermfeature=search_result please note that i am in now way affiliated with the company . i just like the product .
if your phone is rooted , i would highly recommend droidwall . it is a firewall application that allows you to restrict access to internet by application . it has separate permission settings for wifi and cell data , which allows you to restrict the data usage by the connection as well . chances are though that you will also need to be running a custom rom or kernel that has " iptables " module built-in . in terms of minimizing data usage in general , there are several settings you can play with . i would recommend going all manual by disabling " auto-sync " and " background data " options under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync . then take a look at interval update settings in all 3rd-party apps you use for services such as twitter ( twidroid , seesmic , etc . ) , facebook , e-mail ( k-9 mail , e-mail , gmail , etc . ) , rss feeders ( newsrob , feedr , etc . ) , and others ( widgets , weather apps , etc . ) most such apps let you configure the update interval via settings . either make them all disabled/manual , or use the farthest update interval they allow . also disable any notifications in these apps so that they use even less data . you might also be able to use some apps/widgets that toggle the data connection ( without affecting the cell signal ) and only enable it when you need to use apps requiring data ( retrieve e-mail , catch up on tweets , use browser , refresh weather status , etc . ) and then toggle it back off when you are done .
according to this market support page , active installs are installs that have not been uninstalled . it does not mention anything about the app having to be opened .
yes there is , though it is not really elegant and it is a really bad idea to do it . the app that you do it to , will more than likely break if you revoked a permission and it tries to use it . if this would not be enough you will lose your app data and you will not be able to update from the play store . with that said it is not that hard to do . you need apktool . refer to this guide on how to use it ( you will need the decompile and compile commands . ) and this on signing the apk after you are done . you need to modify the AndroidManifest.xml file . look for lines like this : &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.CAMERA" /&gt;  and remove it if it bothers you . after you are finished recompile the app than sign it . now you can uninstall the original app and install the new one using a file manager or in adb using adb install /local/path  to find out what each permission allows , you can refer to the incomplete documentation or try searching for it is name .
maybe this is too late for some of you but this is a solution for android 4.2: basically you need tun module since the standard configuration does not include it : google play - tun . ko installer bluetooth thethering - fix solution
figured i would check in again : ) my phone and tablet are both running 4.2.2 ; bluetooth tethering has been working perfectly for months . there must have been a bug in 4.1 that got fixed in 4.2 .
on my stock transformer tablet ( running ics 4.0.3 ) and my galaxy nexus phone ( running jb 4.1.2 ) , i first had to pair the two devices , then enable internet sharing on the phone , then in the bluetooth settings of the tablet touch the phone 's item in the paired devices list . this activates the internet connection sharing . it seems that the sharing does not happen automatically ; that is , the tablet does not automatically fall back to the bluetooth device even if there is no wifi available .
i wonder whether you are confused - as i was - with the presence of the tick and the wording ' use for internet access ' on the profile page ? once the devices are paired - when it asks you to confirm they are both showing the same numeric code - you have to set one phone to offer a bluetooth tether , and then on the other press the ' use for internet access ' line - with the tick that looks like it means it is already working . it'll show ' connected to device for internet access ' and the tick will stay on . the tether-offering phone will say ' sharing this phone 's internet connection ' on the tether and hotspot screen . sometimes i find the connection refuses to stay connected for more than a second or so . i have no idea which phone is not cooperating , but when they are in that mood it generally means i have to disable both bluetooth interfaces and start the tether one again , first . i have raised a bug report with google about the fact that the language should read less ambiguously : ' will use for internet access ' or ' not connected to device for internet access ' or similar , to emphasise that it is not currently being used . i have raised a similar complaint about the tick remaining ticked whether the connection is active or not .
some background . there are two distinct modes for wifi . ( 1 . ) using wifi between one or more devices and an access point ( ap ) . this includes what happens when setup a device as a wifi hot-spot for other devices . ( 2 . ) using wifi as an ad-hoc network , between two devices . by default , bluetooth operates like ( . 2 ) , and allows for sub-devices ( keyboard , speakers , microphone , etc . ) to be attached or ' paired ' to a different device . you need to identify whether you can have your non-cellular capable device pair with the cellular-radio service of the other device . this would first require that device to ' publish ' this as a bluetooth sub-device ( or ' service ' ) , and then for the other device to be able to ' discover ' it . none of this is impossible , but some of the pieces may require extra drives or settings not currently available ( or configured ) . good luck .
if she does not use gprs , then best is to disable mobile data usage but if you do not want to completely disable gprs , then here is an article which shows how can you limit mobile data usage . disable or limit mobile data usage here are couple of apps to monitor and control you mobile data usage control mobile data app
tubemate app might be using phone 's internal storage for merging . how much is your phone 's free internal storage and video size .
you are probably having a problem using your device because of lack of internal space for running programs . you can use a very low level , low resource on the android to remove programs . install the android sdk package and use it to uninstall some of your apps to regain internal memory . you can even use it to back up the apps on your computer so that after you have your android working again you can choose which ones to put back . a good gui program for managing your apps and deleting files from your android is airdroid . however , you might not be able to install airdrod until you have made space using the android sdk package . you can start out with these commands : ( you will have to activate debugging from the settings menu in the android to use this option ) this give a list of all the packages : $ adb shell pm list packages  you can remove an app by running : $ adb uninstall [apt-name]  you can use the "-k " option to retain your data/cache in case you will be reinstalling the app after you have gotten your android functioning . you can us this command to see how much memory you have . this will allow you to know when you have retrieve sufficient memory to operate normally . it'll also allow you to identify better , if the memory is really your issue . $ adb shell cat /proc/meminfo  you can look at is it possible to backup apk from an installed application ? for more tips on using the adb command .
i got solution : i just clean battery node and it is work .
some network-branded devices use a virtual cd-rom device to supply their own tethering software . if your phone 's tethering is not restricted and the device created is empty , i would say it is safe to ignore it .
turn off any battery saver app , as i selected the wifi sleep mode to never , but it kept switching off , i then uninstalled the battery saver app . . voila now skype works un-interrupted .
normally skype should stay connected on both networks , wifi or 3g . and it should also stay connected when your phone goes to sleep . so there are two things that could be your problem : 1- maybe your provider is blocking skype from the 3g network , in this case follow @matthew read answer : settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings -> then press the menu button , choose advanced , and change the wi-fi sleep policy to " never " . 2- make sure that the background data usage is enabled in settings -> data synchronization -> background data . if not , applications are not allowed to use data while the phone is on sleep .
android shuts of wifi after a certain time by default , sometimes as little as 15 seconds after the phone is locked . to change the timeout period , go to : Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Wi-Fi settings  then press the menu button , choose advanced , and change the wi-fi sleep policy to " never " .
if you have succesfully rooted the phone and have the clockworkmod recovery image , you can easily flash a custom 2.2 rom . have a look on modaco for some good options . you should also install the rom manager app from the market for easy flashing , booting to recovery , backups , etc . you should not have to wait long before there are plenty of 2.3 options too : ) ( there are a couple already on the xda forums , but these are very new so you might want to wait just a little while whilst all the kinks are ironed out ) .
what the phone 's essentially asking you here is , do you want to use only 2g data networks , only 3g data networks , or automatically switch between them depending which is best ? the gsm setting will give you access to 2g ( and 2.5g ) data networks using gprs or edge data standards and speeds . wcdma will give you access to 3g networks ( using either normal 3g or hsdpa standards and speeds ) . the normal setting would be auto , which lets the phone automatically select the best ( normally fastest ) data network that it can pick up in the area that you are currently in , but as this involves using all the 2g and 3g chips and antennae this uses more power than forcing the phone to always use one or the other . the downside to picking gsm is that it will stop your phone connecting to high speed 3g data networks , but will save power as the 3g ( wcdma ) chips and antenna will not be used . the downside to picking wcdma is that it will stop your phone from using 2g networks at all ( so if you are in an area with no 3g support , then your phone will have no data signal ) but if you are in an area that you know has good 3g signal , then selecting this will save power .
out of the box , no . lg 768 user manual lg devices do not have the full device encryption capability with the stock rom , but you can always install an app to deal with that : sse - universal encryption secret space encryptor ( s . s.e. ) password manager , message ( text ) encryption and file encryption integrated in the all-in-one solution . store and manage all your passwords in one secure place protected with one master password . keep your messages , notes and other texts safe from unintended readers . securely encrypt your private and confidential files or whole folders . wiping ( secure delete ) feature is included . everything is encrypted using strong encryption algorithm : aes ( rijndael ) 256bit , rc6 256bit , serpent 256bit , blowfish 256bit/448bit , twofish 256bit and gost 256bit ciphers are available . other utils : password generator , clipboard cleaner , algorithm benchmark , . . . minimal permissions . no ads . cross-platform ( windows , linux , mac os x , . . . ) gui version and command line version of the file encryptor is available on the application home page ( download section ) . this software is open source project – we have nothing to hide , so you can have securely hidden everything you need . ( as open source , this software is published under tsu - §740.13 ( e ) encryption export license exception )
if you really want to delete or replace system files ''at your own risk " , first make sure you are rooted . then install nq mobile security . from the home screen of nq , slide to the left to access rom app manager . once you are there , make sure you back up the file before uninstalling it so you can restore it if anything goes south . good luck and just say thank you if i help !
if you really just want to remove it ( which , fair warning , may cause problems with the system ; i have no idea ) you can : use adb to delete the . apk file : adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk . you may need to first elevate to root ( adb shell and then su from the shell ) . use titanium backup to uninstall it a potentially safer route that people take is to use titanium backup pro to " freeze " the app , causing it to essentially act as though it is uninstalled without actually removing it ( so it can be " defrosted " later if needed ) . this does require the pro version , though .
the camera app will be usually named camera . apk , located in /system/app . to delete this first clear the data stored by the app in /data/data/com . sec . android . app . camera/ or something similar using root explorer , find the file , click mount rw and delete it . using terminal emulator , acquire root privileges su  mount system in read write mode mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock03 /system  delete the file rm /system/app/Camera.apk  using adb mount system in read write mode adb shell mount -o rw,remount -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock03 /system  delete the file adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk  using titanium backup , select the app and click uninstall
seems to be caused by same problem that drains my galaxy ace battery . i noticed when to turn off all data connections ( wifi , packet ( 2g/3g - no difference ) ) to save battery then the phone will actually drain battery ~2-3 times faster than with data on mode because it will not go to idle mode anymore . i suspect there are some system service witch uses data connections and prevents phone to go idle mode . but i have no idea , what it is , i have already switch off all google services ( background data , location service ) , all syncing , all apps , trying different software versions ( 2.3.4 , 2.3.5 , 2.3.6 with factory reset ) but no result . because there are extremely few information about that problem , i suggest that it related only with samsung software for few galaxy devices .
also happened on my samsung infuse . it took me awhile to realize what the problem was . and also as you stated it never used to do it , only about the time the warranty expired . but yeah disabling my data while at work ( which is a low signal 3g zone ) fixed the problem .
it looks like your phone tries to build a 3g connection only if packet data is enabled . after all , 2g is just fine for voice and texts . but unsuccessfully trying to create a connection when there is no network costs a lot of power . in my experience , phones normally cope just fine with that . my theory is that the 2g signal normally contains some sort of flag that indicates whether there is also a 3g signal . the 2g repeater would incorrectly send this flag -- possibly because the tower it gets its signal from sends it too . thus your phone wastes energy trying to connect to a signal that only exists somewhere else . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) replace the repeater by a more sophisticated model , you should turn off 3g altogether while in your office . gsm phones have a setting in Wireless &amp; networks -> Mobile networks -> Network Mode that lets you switch between wdcma ( 3g ) and gsm ( 2g ) . i do not know what the setting looks like on a cdma phone . you can probably automate this with tasker if you do want to use 3g where it is possible . alternatively you could use a widget to change the setting manually without having to go to the settings menu . one app that provides a widget for this is widgetsoid .
i had same problem and fixed this way : go to google sync and activate , then download an app named " ds battery saver . " since then , my google services no longer consume battery as it did . i think it is because it could not go into sleep mode . this app allows it to go to sleep . i have been using since then and it resolved my problems . before this , with my galaxy on idle , it only lasted 12 hours or so . that is without the screen on or making phone calls . it is an android bug has nothing to do with wifi . my wifi was always off , and still it drained all my battery .
if your phone is rooted you can solve this via a shell command : mount -o bind [ path to new location ] /mnt/sdcard/android/data/com . google . android . music/ ( replace [ path to new location ] with a folder on your external sd-card ) it will basically redirect every access to the default folder to the folder which is specified . you probably need to do this every time you reboot your phone , so you may be interested in putting a script which does that into autostart . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1785245page=2
i found that i was just able to use a couple of sym-links to solve this problem . all you need is a rooted device . i have written up a simple guide here : http://charleswilkinson.co.uk/2013/07/24/using-external-sd-card-with-google-play-music-app/ however as requested , here is a summary for posterity : prerequisites : your phone must be rooted . you must have a terminal emulator installed . you must have a file explorer app installed . you should know what a terminal is . read here to learn what a sym-link is . steps : go to settings > applications > google play music . ‘force stop’ the app and clear all app data . open your file explorer of choice and create a directory ( folder ) on your external sd card called ‘googlemusic’ . inside this directory create two more : ‘files’ and ‘cache’ . open terminal emulator and enter the command : su - the superuser app will ask you to grant root privileges . hit ‘allow’ . enter the following commands in order : cd /data/data/com . google . android . music ln -s /mnt/external_sd/googlemusic/cache cache ln -s /mnt/external_sd/googlemusic/files files you’re done !
google allows to use application-specific passwords . i have not used them , especially not in an android device but this may be a solution for your problem if it is possible to use a " market-only password " on your device . btw : the google backup works afaik only for apps that explicitly support it ( therefore not of every app ) . if you have an android 4.0 or higher device you may want to try the local backup via adb which saves all user data on the device .
steps : go to settings --> under wireless and networks select data usage --> click menu --> check auto- sync . then go back to settings --> accounts --> google --> uncheck gmail . or else you can uncheck auto-sync option to disable automatic synchronizing all options .
i would suggest you to have two users configured as al everett suggested and additionally configure to your need . the first user as a main user use your google account to have all the bells and whistles . have a screen guard configured for this account so that no other user will be using it . then create a second user and use your google account to install all necessary apps that you think necessary for the second user . this can include the apps that you had purchased with your google account . in settings you can then opt out not to sync emails , contacts , photos and all the stuffs you would not like to share . again settings-> apps , open gmail and clear its data to remove all the previously synced data . install app locker apps which will prevent unauthorized use of any apps by protecting with a password . with the above both you and your kids can use the tablet in their own space with you worrying to share your mails and contacts with them .
ah , tcpdump . why did not i think of that before ?
the sdk needs to be run as admistrator to be able to write those files . just retry and run it with elevated rights .
the wl1271 wifi chip in the droid 2 does not support 5.0 ghz networks , so there is sadly no possibility of a workaround . its " better cousin " , the wl1273 chip , does support 5 ghz networks ; unfortunately , motorola went the cheap route . you can get more info on these chips at the texas instruments website .
where are you hearing this ? the nexus s can absolutely support video chat , it has a front-facing camera . whether a video chat app supports the nexus s is a different question . google talk is supposed to support video chat in honeycomb , hopefully it will be released for gingerbread and support the nexus s as well . the nexus s can not take hd video due to software restrictions , from everything i have read ( example ) . i think it just was not prioritized since the nexus s is a " developer phone " . ( if you meant to ask if it can play hd video the answer is yes , depending on the format and such ) .
i do not know whether samsung includes an own solution -- but there are several apps available on the playstore which can work with exchange : k-9 mail probably is the most popular mail app . it supports exchange via webdav . touchdown for smartphones is said to work very well with eas , and syncs emails , contacts , calendar and tasks with your android device moxier mail ( exchange ) also claims to do there are several more apps available -- but these three should get you started ( well , i guess you got started meanwhile ) . . .
after a lot of searching i found this nice little program which does exactly what i was asking for : easy graph from bh soft . nothing fancy but what is does it seems to do well . the developer should add more chart types , for sure , but at the moment it allows me to enter , save and chart different sets date + value pairs in a line chart .
i had the same problem , an empty LOST.DIR appearing all the time , both on internal and external sd cards . the workaround i have implemented was using tasker for deleting it on device boot . it seems to be working so far .
lost . dir is just a storage space ( directory ) for files that were recovered upon boot . you can safetly remove it with no problems . the sysytem keeps it just in case you want to get your recovered currupted files back . a quick google search yielded : lost . dir - what is it ? as for preventing it from being created , just prevent the sd card from becoming corrupted . here are some things to keep in mind while using an sd card : always eject before removal never remove while files are being modified never remove from android device while device is on if you have your device connected to the computer , the sd card will usually automatically mount itself on the computer . remember to eject it before disconnecting the device . this thread has a ton of good info . basically the gist of it is , if you are following all of the precautions to keep the sd card from getting corrupted ( ejecting before removal , ect . . . ) then the sd card is partially incompatible with your device . if you move to a higher class sd card , the problem usually goes away on its own .
android apps are not binaries . they are . apk 's , similar to java . jar files , and . dex or . odex files when in bytecode form . they are run in the dalvik virtual machine , again very similar to a java vm . you can launch an app from a shell as follows : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package name&gt;/&lt;activity name&gt;  for example , angry birds : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.rovio.angrybirds/com.rovio.ka3d.app  the name of the activity is found in the androidmanifest . xml file inside the . apk under //manifest/application/activity/@name . for google voice there are quite a few activities , and you may need to use other intents . i do not have sl4a . you can also disable apps temporarily with this : pm disable &lt;package name&gt;  and re-enable : pm enable &lt;package name&gt; 
i have this very problem , occasionally it'll make it half way down before sticking , and it is driving me nuts . someone pointed out it is most likely to do with ram usage , clearing of which does seem to help for a period of time but is not a permanent fix . i have tried changing launchers ( from zeam back to touchwiz to launcherpro ) and applying a lagfix , both of which seemed to work , again for a time , but it has since come back . i have uninstalled my newest applications and have not nailed down an exact culprit but there must be something hiding in there as this is a relatively recent occurence .
i have a galaxy s captivate , and do see this occasionally . it only happens for me if i try to pull the notifications down while the phone is very busy doing something else , like installing/updating an app . it goes away for me by simply just pushing it back to the top then pulling down again .
i do not know if this is your problem or not , but i occasionally get this on my droid x . for me , it seems that it is stuck if i try to slide down from the notification bar and nothing happens . however , if i start sliding down from the " pull-down bar " , then it will move with my finger ( i.e. . starting on top of the " pull-down bar " rather than on the notification bar ) . another possibility is that your touchscreen could have some " dead areas " that cause this . can you reproduce this in landscape mode as well or is it only in portrait mode ? perhaps an app to test all touchscreen areas might help identify whether or not this could be the culprit .
i have found a workaround ! ! ! first some details . this happens on the galaxy s when you try to open the notification bar during high load . a reboot will reset it . but if you do not want to reboot : do this quickly : tap the notification bar , just before releasing it tap on the bottom half of the screen , release the finger from notification bar , release the finger from the bottom half of the screen . this will trigger the notification bar to fully open itself !
or you could just hit the menu button and select " notifications " . . . just sayin . . .
update your phone to gingerbread and this problem will go away . i upgraded my galaxy s to 2.3.3 and have not ever since seen this problem , which still happened with 2.2.1 froyo .
no , the otg marks to the phone it is otg and not normal cable the easy way is just to use a normal cable
this suddenly solved itself : what i did is to enable developer settings and suddenly it started working after about 10 minutes .
this seems to have been fixed in version 3.3.11 and above of the market app .
the only way to remove the other accounts from the market is to unsync them from the phone . settings > accounts and sync > click the google account > press remove account perhaps remove all three , add your account a , load the market . then go and add the other two accounts through accounts and sync and not through the market . this should leave account a as the default .
i found a workaround . by clicking new call button , i am able to type new number and execute service codes .
before you place a call there is a backspace symbol to the right of the numbers that you have entered that you can use to delete any of the numbers that you have already entered . however , once you have actually rung a number and started a call , the backspace disappears and you can not delete numbers ( as in your screenshot in the question ) . the reason for this is that while you are making a call the numbers that you type in are instantly transmitted down the phone line as dtmf ( or touch-tone ) signals so that you can navigate through voicemail menus , phone menu trees ( eg " press 1 for billing , press 2 for complaints . . . " ) , dial extension numbers , etc . you can not delete a dial tone that is already been transmitted . this is the same as while you are in the middle of one phone call you can not just type numbers into the dialler and start a totally different phone call . so the dialer code that you typed in to try to show your sim message number would not work because the numbers and symbols would have been transmitted down the phone line as beeps while you typed them ( possibly annoying the person on the other end ) instead of being used as a " service code " instruction by the phone .
airplayit is one software solution that will stream video files from your computer or file server to an android device . it simply streams things android can play and transcodes things it can not . plex is another popular solution . you might also investigate any number of upnp media streaming solutions .
as mythtv is upnp compatible , you can use any upnp client for android . a great app for this purpose is e.g. bubbleupnp , which not only serves as a client ( so you can access what mythtv provides ) , but also as a server , so you can use it even the other way around and integrate it as a " media provider " with your mythtv installation . this way you are also able to stream media contents from your android device to your other upnp capable home devices . bubbleupnp : where to output , what to play ( source : google play ; click image to enlarge )
i had to download samsung 's usb drivers for this device from their support page . after you have the driver installed , when you plug in the device , windows search windows . com for updates and finds : Samsung mobile usb composite device Samsung-sgh-i317 Samsung mobile usb modem Samsung Android ADB Interface  now , the interface still shows the " connected as a media device " message , but adb devices list can see it .
" i got a rather meaningful suggestion on another forum that " android os " is actually the low-level kernel , while " android system " is actually the higher-level os service layer " source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=10922010postcount=3
i do not know what the difference is between them , however , if you are asking the question because ' android os ' is using a large percentage of your battery life then you may have the ' android os drains battery ' bug .
i have jelly bean 4.2.2 on a htc one s and swype 1.4 installed . i was ready to go on a shooting spree when i thought i could not hit a return button to start a new line ! i opened a sms thread , tapped menu > settings and scrolled all the way down . there is an option at the bottom called soft keyboard type . open that and you get -- &lt ; > smiley key &lt ; > send &lt ; > enter for a new line select the bottom one and you are golden ! this setting will change it for both the stock android keyboard and swype . cheers
can it be that you only have a next button when there is more than one field on screen ? please add what program you are using when you see this .
this is quite normal on the default keyboard . the smiley should only shows if you are typing in a single-line textbox ( i.e. . it have been configured so you cannot add newline ) , and there is only a single textbox in the page , and the app did not bind custom functionality to it . is there a user configurable option to switch between smiley and next ? not as far as i know . the developer of the app you are currently using gets to decide the " type " of keyboard that is shown by default , and they can customize the action button . if yes , how to invoke ? try opening the browser , while on the browser , the smiley should turn into newline button ( e . g . on multiline form input ) , or go button ( on the address bar ) , or sometimes next button ( on pages that have multiple single-line input ) .
the filesystem support is device-specific , and in fact many devices using android 2.3 support ext3 in the kernel ( or ext4 , which can also mount ext3 and ext2 filesystems ) . usually the difference in filesystem support is due to different hardware . older devices often used raw nand flash chips and mtd drivers in linux , which did not support conventional filesystems such as ext4 ; only special filesystems such as yaffs or jffs2 could be used on such devices . in this case having ext3 or ext4 support in the kernel was not necessary , and it could be omitted to save some memory ; to get ext3/4 support on such device you will need to flash a custom kernel ( or , in some cases , an external module could be compiled instead of replacing the whole kernel ) . more recent devices usually use emmc storage , which provides a block device instead of raw flash ; such devices mostly use ext4 for their filesystems , and therefore should have support for mounting ext3 filesystems ( although actually using it to mount a custom filesystem , e.g. , on a separate sd card partition , will require root access ) .
the buttons are disabled so that users can grip the sides without causing and action . it would be difficult holding the device if the user is causing the device to go to the home screen .
you should also be aware of the fact that for getting backed up by google 's " native " backup-to-cloud , an app must actively support that -- i.e. it must explicitely use the corresponding api , or it will not be included with those backups . while not all apps support this ( &lt ; - euphemism ) , there is nothing excluded by titanium backup . as described , the latter backs up really everything -- while the former only backs up some data from some apps . another good thing to do from time to time is a full nandroid backup , which is supported by most ( all ? ) custom recovery images/modes ( e . g . clockworkmod aka cwm ) . once booted into recovery , you can create a nandroid backup ( make sure to have enough free space on your sdcard ) , and having done this , you can move it from the card to your computer for safekeeping . if you have got enough space on your card , you could also keep the latest copy there : with titanium backup , you can even extract single elements ( such as a special app and its data ) from a nandroid backup . or , if your system for some reason gets really messed up , you can restore it completely from this nandroid backup -- again via the custom recovery .
i think you are better off using titanium backup if you want to ensure that when you restore your phone , you will have exactly what you had when you performed the backup . i find that android 's new built-in backup options are inconsistent . for example , after re-installing some apps , some of the settings are magically maintained , however some data ( usually authentication data ) is no longer there . i guess this is a good thing as storing everything in the cloud would be a bit scary , but when you use titanium , there are no surprises : all of the data is restored . another benefit of titanium is that you can do multiple backups at of a single app 's data and restore any of those levels--not so for the built-in backup options . so i would advise using titanium .
did you use the " refresh " option in the google play music app ? you can find it in the action bar menu . another possibility is a wrong file type . here is a list of supported file types : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1100462?hl=en
i have made an app that supports a lot ( over 30 ) different layouts and for the latest version ( version 2.7 ) i have added the dvorak layout . it does not require root . you can read more about the app here : http://www.apedroid.com/android-applications/external-keyboard-helper
if your phone is rooted i think that you can write your own keyboard layout . i am using my own layout ( on sgs i9000 ) for some chinese blouetooth keyboard that i bougth recently . layout files are in /system/usr/keylayout/ directory . layout file that is used by my keyboard is Broadcom_Bluetooth_HID.kl . i think that layout used by built-in keyboard will be qwerty.kl - you could modify it and check if it is working . remember to make backups of original files before changing it . . .
for now , afaik , every action associated with a mouse click can be accessed using a touch or a long-touch . combo using a key-press and a touch are not well supported ( if supported at all ) . long-touch over a link , gives you a popup with : open in new tap ; open in incognito mode ; copy link address ; save link as . for future reference , google chrome shortcuts link , from google support page ( the majority of the linux links are available for android . . . just waiting to have this page updated with the android shortcuts list ) : google chrome - keyboard and mouse shortcuts
you will have to switch on the phone in " safe mode " by pressing the volume down , power , and the home button all together . then , factory reset the phone , and upgrade it through odin ; or on a safer side , use samsung kies for upgrading to a new os .
some of these may meet your needs better than others . not all are free . autosquare checkin assistant 4squareminder hopscotch
the old http post task method with tasker does not work anymore , ever since foursquare updated their api . this fsintents app does the job though . works really well ! https://market.android.com/details?id=com.joaomgcd.intentsfeature=search_result
your getting into tasker or locale territory here ( both are apps you can download from the marketplace ) . both apps allow you to configure anything you want on your phone and would probably allow you to configure this . you would need to setup gps points and actions that are triggered by entering those gps points in either app . keep in mind this will increase battery usage as your gps will have to beacon ( per how you configure it ) to determine if you enter those locations . might actually take less time and be all around easier to make a shortcut on your phone to foursquare and just open it . rather than go through and program one of those apps which would take some time .
i would also suggest radii auto checkin .
tasker can do it , using the foursquare api and the http post task in the http post task , fill out the form as follows : server:port -> user:pass@api . foursquare . com path -> /v1/checkin data -> vid=362349 private=1 facebook=0 twitter=0 vid is the numeric id you can get from foursquare . com by looking up the venue . i have it set to not share auto checkins with others . you can also use a tasker variable for vid and define the vid from other events . . ie , i have my office assigned by ' cell near ' , same with the park where i walk my dogs . . i just call the named tasker task and it checks me in when i get to that location . i follow it up with a ' notify ' action to let me know it checked it , and what venueid ( this was mainly for testing . . ) you will want to use a phone number login for foursquare , not a emailaddress . . the @ sign in the email will confuse the http post function .
i made a newer app that does exactly what you asked : check me in non commercial and free to use . the problem i had with the tasker approach is that it does not include your location in the http request , a tasker checkin is not valid for your mayorship .
a smartphone 's most limited resource is its battery . this means phones are specifically designed to survive power losses . and imagine a hang up with a subsequent reboot would brick with some probability . how many complaints would that cause ? so the answer is simple : just try out to switch your battery . if it works : fine .
does your user manual have any prohibitions about removing the battery while plugged in ? that would be my first point of information . and i probably would not try it myself , but that is just me . the issue is that you have no idea of whether the folks who designed the charge circuit accounted for this or not , and you do not know how they did the charging circuit , so you do not know for sure whether it is safe or not to try it . i am guessing that it will not hurt your phone because the designer should be doing something safe for the ' battery goes missing ' case . i also would not be surprised if the phone either just cut out , or went into it is ' oh noez , the battery is out of juice ' routine and turned itself off right away .
it is device dependent , if the manufacturer can fit in the circuitry to use the wall charger without the battery then yes you had be able to do that . most laptops can run without batteries , i doubt many smartphone does though ; phones are primarily designed to be used while on the go , while laptops are more likely to be plugged in . a safe test is to shutdown the phone normally , plug the phone into charger , and pull out the battery , then try booting up the phone with only wall charger . if you can boot up , then it is 90% likely that you will be able to pull out the battery while it is running without causing a reboot . is it safe to swap the battery without shutting down ? if the phone does not have the appropriate circuitry , it will be no less safe than just unplugging the battery . there is no moving parts in a mobile phone and all modern hardware are designed such that complete loss of power will just reinitialize the hardware as if it is just booting up . therefore the only possible damage you can do is to the file system . modern journalled file systems are designed to be able to withstand power loss . if you are using journaled filesystem , e.g. ext3 or ext4 , then your data should be safe ; if using unjournalled filesystem , e.g. fat or ext2 , then there is a small chance of file system corruption .
this feature is supported on the samsung galaxy nexus . i routinely change out batteries while the phone is plugged in to the wall charger . the only issue i have noticed is that the battery level does not update to the new level right away , but instead slowly increases over time .
i just tried this on two phones , a samsung galaxy 551 and a samsung galaxy s . it does not work . the phones typically just shut off . however , one time the galaxy s did not shut off right away but i was not able to put the battery back in before it shut off . my google nexus s is made so that you can not even take the back cover off without unplugging it . i suspect that this is simply not a supported feature in most phones and that you are not likely to find that it works anywhere . not to mention the fact that power-loss may damage components or corrupt data . this is one reason why the phone monitors the battery life and shuts down if there is not enough battery power .
just for completeness sake i want to share that i have operated my old lg gt 540 countless times with the battery removed , while the usb cable is plugged in . i can power it up on in these situations ( and run cwm ) . so i guess that there might be more lg android phones with similar circuitry . since i have upgraded to my new galaxy s2 , i have been too reluctant to try it out .
there are multiple approaches to this problem . the first an most effective is to switch from pop3 ( which i assume from your question you are using ) to imap , where mail is handled on the server instead of client-side -- so you can delete a message when you decide to delete it ( and not when client x is retrieving it , as handled by pop3 ) . second might be trying a different mail client ( again , i do not know what you are currently using ) . for android , i would recommend k-9 mail -- which is capable of handling pop3 as well as imap , and even exchange ( the latter via webdav ) .
i think i have the solution to the problem . when setting up your email untick the push notification you then get a manual button , from there you can manually input incoming and outgoing settings . in the incoming settings there is a delete email from server , click the when i delete from inbox . from then on you will be able to delete from your phone to the server . hth . now the only problem is you can not set the the sync schedule .
i use a samsung galaxy siii and outlook and have had the same problem . my approach ( at godaddy 's suggestion ) was to change the advanced settings in outlook email account settings ( in the outlook tools menu ) so that email is left on the server even after delivery ( one check box ) but deleted after so many days ( another check box ) and/or deleted after the email is deleted from trash ( a third check box ) . then i make sure to delete my trash on the phone after i have downloaded whatever i want to save on my computer copy of outlook .
this sounds like something that you need to make sure your operator has enabled on your contract , normally with smartphones a data plan is a data plan , once you have got one they give you a ( monthly/weekly/daily ) bandwidth limit which you can use either on 3g or gprs , the operator does not care which you use . it sounds like you do not want to pay for a monthly data limit , you want to get a metered contract where you only pay for when you use it ( normally charged by the megabyte or by the hour , or something similar ) . you can then turn the data connection on or off depending when you want to use it . the exact setting for this can vary from phone to phone , but is normally under something like settings -> wireless and network -> mobile networks -> use packet data . on many phones you can also switch to only use gprs or 3g ( sometimes called gsm and wcdma modes ) but all that does is control the speed of your connection , not normally how you are charged .
if you are rooted , you can use an app like titanium backup to back up your apps ( and their data ) .
i borrowed a friend 's fitbit and tried to sync it with my nexus 10 . i enabled bluetooth . i then installed the fitbit app and logged in as him . there is no option anywhere to sync the device . i then logged out , and created a new account . on a compatible device , once the account is created , it prompts you to sync a fitbit device . this question is never asked on the nexus 10 . circumstantial additional evidence comes from the large number of unhappy reviews citing device compatibility on the fitbit app page . so it is confirmed that despite the probable existence of the necessary bluetooth hardware/software , at the time of writing fitbit devices cannot be synced with the nexus 10 .
is is quite possible that the channel it automatically chooses is too congested , or even not supported by your devices wifi card .
an helpful app to resolve this might be wifi analyzer , it shows the available ( and perhaps conflicting ) wifi channels and their strength .
i would suggest you start here : guide factory images ( jb-ics-gb ) ( xda developers ) requirements : -android sdk -java jdk -platform-tools -unlocked bootloader ( "fastboot oem unlock " pay attention , wipes everything , also sd card ) -experience with adb and fastboot notice : if you never used the sdk , the jdk , fastboot and adb , before installing the factory image you have to follow this guide in order to get sdk and unlock bootloader . the part that is relevant to you , assuming your device was not running a rooted custom rom before , is 4b : if you are coming from another stock rom ( official older ota unrooted ) , this doen't wipe your data/cache : if you want relock the bootloader ( not necessary , only for warranty ) do also these two step : fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot oem lock  tried to include as much as possible for posterity , but the files you need and so on are in the forum thread anyway so this does not really apply if the forum thread would go down . if you have any questions , please comment and i will update my answer .
disabling the proximity sensor seems to have worked : after some testing , i got no freezes at all .
adwlauncher ex has this feature as well . it can display either a generic folder icon or a circle with the apps within it much like stock ice cream sandwich . to change from folder icons to the preview icons : go to your home screen hit the menu key go to ADWSettings go to UI Settings go to Folders make sure Show Contents is checked
this will not help people who are still waiting for their phone to be upgraded , but the stock ice cream sandwich ( android 4 ) launcher has something similar built in - it shows a cascaded view of the first three icons in the folder .
no there is not a way to do this for android , unless root access allows this ( which it may ) . to do something like this you would have to change the size of the capacitive recognition . the screen is not pressurized , but rather interacts with the electrical interference of the screen . tapping lightly will not do anything other than reduce the amount of your finger that touches the screen . i would recommend getting a capacitive stylus if you are having problems with this . here is a cheap solution for this : http://www.amazon.com/capacitive-cellphone-motorola-blackberry-amm0101us/dp/b0053nblfw/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8qid=1340657015sr=8-1keywords=capacitive+stylus hope this helps !
if you are using swype , slide your finger from the swype button ( bottom left ) to the sym key . this will display a set of navigation buttons - including a dpad that lets you move the text input .
passpack mobile is not a standalone app , but a nice mobile interface to your existing passpack account . i use passpack all the time on the desktop , but have not really gotten used to using it in my phone 's browser .
i have been using keepass with dropbox ( just put your keepass file in a dropbox folder ) . it is worked well so far , but i have not been using it on android for long .
i use splashid . used if for many years with my palm diveces - different models . and when i was looking for a program to keep my passwords with me on my phone , i was very pleased that splashdata had an android version so i was able to keep my complete list of passwords ! all in all this tells me that this company is a ) still in business - for many years now , and b ) they follow the market and operating systems - a big plus if you ever switch device . and the fact that they have a windows desktop program with a very cool synchronization build in , makes it even better . the synchro works so easy , you turn on wifi , you start the program both on the desktop and on the phone , and choose syncro . the android version will recognize the splashid program running on the pc . in fact , yt will show a list of all pc 's running the desktop version of splashid . you select the pc name in the list on the phone , and press synchro . all in all , very quick and very easy . that is is how such a system should be .
splashid is outstanding . i like it because it has a desktop component , so you can easily manage your passwords on a human-sized keyboard . synchs with droid when both are on the same wi-fi network . is very accessible on the phone too .
i use lastpass and the dolphin browser add-on on my phone and the desktop app with chrome and ff extensions on my computer . i really like the way it works on the desktop . with the dolphin add on it is very easy to fill in login info , however there is no easy prompt to save the password like there is on the desktop version ( and like the dolphin browser does by default ) . the other drawback is that i have set a very complicated master password which is a pain to type in android . i have set lastpass to save my master so it is pretty easy to use but not as secure . the main app has a cool feature that lets you set a pin for the mobile use but this does not translate over to the dolphin extension . the other benefit to lastpass is that they just bought xmarks which is a good service , and i like keeping things consolidated when i can .
roboform also has an android client which allows you to login to sites from within the native android browser . the caveat however , is that you must store your credentials on the roboform servers using their roboform online service . there is currently no edit or update ability within the application . this is a high priority to add in a future update .
no . favouriting a file in dropbox for android is like " pinning " in some other software : it downloads the file to the device and keeps it there so you can access it offline . i do not use the ipad version , but i assume it has the same effect there . since you might want different files on different devices ( for example , you might want a lot of pdfs or videos on a tablet with a bigger screen and more storage to put them on ) , favouriting a file only applies to the device you do it on .
any phone that supports nfc has the necessary " chip " already ( that is , the hardware supports that kind of transaction ) . the crucial factor is the software running on the phone . unlike with magnetic-stripe and chip-and-pin credit card transactions , there is no one standard : there are several competing contactless payment systems . google has google wallet ( but only in some countries ) , paypal has one , orange ( a phone network ) runs one in the uk . in addition , most bitcoin clients ( such as bitcoin wallet ) can use nfc to exchange payment details , but you still need a network connection to actually carry out the transaction . if you sign up for one of these payment systems , and you install their app on your nfc-capable phone , then you can use your phone to pay at any shop that supports that payment system . there is no extra hardware for you to add to the phone .
if you have an nfc chip ( and a secure element ( se ) , but as far as i know all current nfc phones have both ) then theoretically you should be able to pay for goods using google wallet , however only certain phones on certain networks are supported and it can only be used in the usa . edit : just to make it clear it may still be possible to pay for goods via nfc using your phone without a se but if you want to use google wallet then you will need both . it is feasible that companies could have their own custom payment application where you load credit onto it and have an id/cryptographic key stored in your device and then pay using that . i do not think this is too likely however because of the security implications of someone else using your id/key and also , what would the benefit for the merchant be ? they now have to support this nfc payment infrastructure and it saves them only a small percentage of money on credit card fees .
there is nothing wrong in turning on the phone and using it . put the phone in airplane mode and start using wi-fi and install applications etc . as for the nagging part , no , google will not be nagging you to register your device or sim till you choose to ( if you have skipped registering the device in the first screen ) . google never registers your sim , it registers your imei/emsi with your account . so even without sim you can use google account . however , without registering the device with google , you will not be able to enjoy any of the google play services . other services ( accounts ) can be used without any problem . whatsapp registers your mobile number ( not sim ) , if you are retaining the number you can activate whatsapp in this phone ( s4 mini ) by receiving message in another phone and entering the code in s4 mini ( the application has to be removed from that old phone since whatsapp can run only on one phone at a time ) . also , whatsapp can be changed from device to device without any issues , just have to re-register it when changing devices for the same number . in short , just turn on the device and use like normal phone ( except for calling ) . nothing to be worried about .
if you want to make yourself familiar with the device while waiting for the sim to arrive , you might considering to turn on the device , skip the google registration , and switch to airplane mode . then you can start looking around how things are arranged , what apps came pre-installed , etc . as you did not configure the google account right now , installing apps should be out of question at this point ( and you also should leave it aside here ) . once your sim arrives , and before inserting it , consider going to settings→backup and reset , and do a factory-reset ; this will return your device to the state before you switched it on for the first time . then turn off the device , insert the sim , switch it back on again . this time configure your google account . doing this for the first time on the ( factory-reset ) device , this will also trigger syncing your data ( contacts , calendar , etc . ) and , if you decided so , restore your google cloud backup ( if you had this configured on your old device as well ) . so from the view of your google account ( and related apps/data ) , this is as if you just switched on the device for the first time . now you can also go ahead installing and configuring all the apps you need .
disclaimer : i am not familiar with whatsapp sim verification ; i do not use it . you can use your phone even if it does not have a sim card . google 's services does not need a sim card . as long as you have a google account and wi-fi - you had at least need wi-fi to use / log-in your google account with your phone - you are good to go . however , like you mentioned , it is possible that apps that require sms verification will not work . so maybe you can install them at a later time .
there is no harm in turning on your device and signing into your google acct without a sim . it is no different than buying a wifi only tablet and signing in with your google acct . the only apps you may not be able to use are those that require your device to have a phone number active on it . whatsapp may fall into this category , although i do not use it so i am not sure . you can go ahead and set your phone up however you want before the sim ever arrives , install all your apps , etc with no problem . the only challenge you may have on some devices is skipping the sim activation screen . usually a quick google search will tell you how to do this so you can access the device .
most probably it looks like a os issue , might be firmware related , might be kernel related . have you tried a factory reset ? or sometimes even a reboot might clear things up . if 4.1 is not working well for you , you can always downgrade by flashing an older firmware via odin . get you firmwares from http://samfirmware.com . you will need to register in order to download files from there .
if you are talking about your sms/mms messages , then there is practically no way to get them back .
whatsapp uses internet to send / receive messages ( or images , videos , etc . ) ! there is no way you can send / receive messages without internet ! ! quote from whatsapp website : whatsapp messenger uses the same internet data plan that you use for email and web browsing . . .
this sounds more like inconsistent wifi settings . since your phone shows its connected , try to visit your router 's web interface through the phone to see if its connected properly . ( note that please use stock browser and no proxies for now ) if this does not work , most likely its the problem with wrong password or security mode like wep/wpa . if the above works , then i suspect you to have a dns problem . a rooted phone can let you custom-set the dns on your phone . try to set it to google 's dns . just to confirm if its a dns problem , try entering an ip address of a website rather than the domain name .
i have been using galaxy mini for the last 2 years . wifi is working with normal network . but in our company , advanced wifi mobile is not responding . after googling , i found out this phone does not have ' direct wifi ' options like higher-end phones ( eg . galaxy sii ) . i suggest you change the phone !
a few things to try : reboot your device change the router to use 802.11b/g instead of 802.11n change the router channel ( to 1 , 6 , or 11 if using north american channels ) change the security from wep to wpa or vice-versa ensure you have no mac filtering or firewall rules on the router switch the router from using the 5.0 ghz band to the 2.4 ghz band , or vice-versa other suggestions posted in answer to windows laptop works with wi-fi ap , phone claims it is connected but can&#39 ; t access internet
quote op 's comment : thanks logos for the quick response , well actually its my office phone , i have rooted this phone and the only other apps i see are busybox installer , teeter and superuser . the weird thing is that with my office wifi i am able to access internet not apps , – amrit jan 7 at 10:56 it could be because your office wifi may be blocking that apps . ( eg : facebook )
solution which worked for me is by installing the configuration settings . call up the customer care and ask them send you the configuration settings . since you reset your phone old configuration settings would have been erased . once you install the configuration settings you will be able to access internet for all the apps .
that is a stumper - have you tried calling up your carrier and making sure that it is not an issue with them ? have you installed any permissions privacy management apps ? they might be blocking internet connectivity by default . failing that , the only suggestion i would be able to make is to do a full factory reset . . . not very appealing , i know .
this may sound odd , but there are not very many android viruses . my android system still has never caught a virus and i spend a lot of time on the internet . you may be better not having android anti-virus applications .
i have installed avatarrom on my phone , partly because of this problem , reinstalled kaspersky and since then it works .
if se has dropped support for your device ( which seems likely ) your only way to upgrade your phone is to take root control over your phone and install a custom rom , a third party version of the android operating system . there is a huge modding community , largely centered around the xda developers forums . there is actually a subforum there for just your device , and the subforum for your device that you want ( there is also q and a sections and whatnot ) is xperia x10 android development . there is plenty of informative threads in that forum , including : [ how-to ] unlock bootloader for x10 help for newbies , all questions and answers for x10 as for what specific rom to use , i will leave that up to you . your first step however should be unlocking your bootloader , getting root and getting cwm recovery installed on your phone . when you have that installed , you can always create a complete backup of your phone , so if anything breaks you can always restore to that backup via the recovery , since the recovery remains untouched between rom installations . if you want to venture into rooting your phone and trying custom roms , i wish you good luck ! it is a learning experience : )
i believe this is because the astro file manager sees it as a connection instead charge only . when you connect the charger , pull down the top notification menu -> click on the usb icon -> change the settings to " usb charge only " this should fix it
the phone service ( which includes texting ) is a feature of the android . tablets do not have this feature . without being connected to a phone provider will cause you to loose features the service provide . however other features of the android os will not be affected . you do not need phone service to use many apps . also there are many apps that can be used without internet service ( as long as you have a means ( such as usb tethering to get the app on the device . in other words the android device should function very similar to a computer that works offline with applications installed and online when connected to the internet .
i have found that android experiences random hangs and lockups when there are less than ~20mb of internal memory . in particular , i have found that on startup there will be a few force closes from the latin keyboard and the system ; also the phone becomes noticeably laggy . when there are less than 10mb , the phone is so laggy that it becomes totally unusable . you might want to clean up your internal memory and see if it helps with your problem .
i did a search for " pattern based call blocking android app " . first result this app has call and sms blocking based on patterns .
try afirewall despite the name , it is an sms/call blocking app .
the android developer guide covers this pretty thoroughly . they have all the supported formats as well as recommendations . i would additionally recommend using the same resolution as your screen if your device can handle it , that will much improve the quality .
when i encode movies using handbrake or dvdfab , i choose the " ipad " option , which create an m4v with h . 264 and aac ( i think ) . yes , this feels like sacrilege , but i just ignore the voices in my head . ; ) on xoom , this plays fine . to keep the file size down , i take the audio down to stereo @ 44.1khz and 96kbps and the video rate to 1200kbps , while still maintaining 720p . this seems to work out alright and most 2 hour movies are in the 1 to 1.5gb range .
does not the x10 have very unique camera software ( an original interface for viewing pictures ) ? i would not know because i do not have one , but i thought that was the case . it looks like the camera software has some sort of bug at lines 124 and 202 in its gridactivity . sending this error report to the manufacturer ( sony ) along with how you got it ( like bryan denny said ) would be very helpful to them . unfortunately , it looks like its one photo at a time for now .
have tried launcherpro ? the paid version has widgets that look a lot like sense ' widgets . as far as i know , you can not just change the dock of sense and keep the rest of the launcher . you had have to completely change to a new launcher .
unfortunately , no . the " dock " is part of the entire launcher and " home screens " . they are , all the " same application " . but there are widgets like most of the widgets that htc sense has . if you really do not like it that much , you should be able to find replacement widgets for the ones you like that work with other launchers like launcher pro , go launcher , or adw launcher , for example .
you can change the sense ' skin ' ( menu -> personalize -> skin ) , which at least changes the dock 's style , but i am afraid if you want to keep the sense widgets you are stuck with the sense launcher and its dock .
if you have a rooted phone you can try the fasterfix app , it worked for me . you can set the continent where you are and the gps get a lock in last than a minute .
iirc there is a hidden menu that allows you to enable/disable automatic downloading of the gps almanac via the data connection . entering # #3214789650# # will bring you into the gps test mode ( with android 2.2 ) . check the supl settings . see this great blog post for more information : http://www.androidng.com/fix-galaxy-s-gps also xda-developers has a nice topic about a simple hardware fix for better and fester gps fixes , you can find it here .
i have found the gps status app to be good for seeing what’s happening with the gps sensor . it can also manually download agps data to improve the time to get a gps fix . according to the wikipedia article on assisted gps , you need up to 12.5 minutes of continuous , clear signal to get a gps fix without agps . it’s pure speculation on my part , but maybe your phone doesn’t download agps data automatically if you’re roaming and don’t have wifi .
it looks like ebookdroid has this functionality . the pdf reader in documents to go looks like it might , too .
there a quite a few sip clients last time i looked , but you need some sort of id you have to purchase elsewhere to make use of them . skype is supposedly coming soon and i think is available right now for verizon android phones . ditto fring . its a great app and probably one of the easier ones to use . plus you can do video conferencing with fring .
try fring it is all in one , unfortunately they do not support skype anymore , but ther is sip , gmail , msn and many others .
there are a number of sip clients available such as sipdroid , csipsimple , and linphone . sipdroid includes an option to create a pbxes . org account linked to your google voice account , allowing you to make and receive calls to and from pstn numbers for free , assuming you are in the us . ( after the account is created , any sip client can be used with the pbxes . org account . ) if you want to setup your own asterisk server , you can configure the trunking with google voice yourself . or you can use any other voip service that provides sip/pstn trunking . an alternative option is groove ip , which is a google talk client with voice support . this uses xmpp/jingle directly between your android device and google talk/voice . the free version only supports wlan networking ; the paid version works over mobile networks .
i do not know of any way to physically combine the two fields . however , the most recent update ( 11.1 ) added the following : one field does it all you can now type both web addresses and search queries in your browser 's address field . or , if you prefer , you can still use the search field with your favorite search engines . so if you start typing into the address bar , you will now be given the option to perform a search for whatever you entered . you just tap on the " search : [ text ] " item that appears under the address bar :
the nexus s is a developer phone , so yes it can be rooted by unlocking the boot-loader first . that always work . however , many users wishes to root the phone without unlocking the boot-loader . and that is currently ( 18.06.2011 ) not possible with version 2.3.4 . not with the nexus-one , not with the nexus-s . if you decide to unlock then lie ryan answer shows you how .
try this tutorial , http://theunlockr.com/2010/12/17/how-to-root-the-samsung-nexus-s/
it is either a mobile network data enabled switch or a 2g/3g switch , try it and check your data connection . edit : got confirmation , see comments .
as per advice from narayanan , i replaced /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg with another .ogg file . the next time it was triggered , the new file played . i then tried placing an empty file at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg , but this did not work . finally , i downloaded a slient .ogg from here , placing it at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg . this worked perfectly .
i see sparhawk wants to disable the warning sound alone and not the popup . i stumbled on an xposed module which will disable both . i just keep this posted just in case if sparhawk wants to slightly compromise on the requirement and also probably will help others who read this post . text from the post : disable the low battery alert with xposed posted october 13 , 2013 at 12:30 am by will verduzcodifficulty:1 disable the low battery alert with xposed there are plenty of xposed modules out there . their purposes range widely from adding previously device-specific functionality to patching bugs , and everything in between . this is , of course , all made possible by xda recognized developer rovo89‘s fantastic xposed framework ( thread ) . the framework allows developers to create a module apk that is able to make a modification at runtime , while leaving original files intact . both a boost in ease-of-use and user safety , xposed makes device modification into a click and reboot affair . a new xposed module from xda senior member defim has appeared , and its purpose is to remove that annoying low battery popup alert that you are given when running low on juice . yes , being notified that your battery is running low is generally useful . however , for those of us who actively look at the battery meter in our status bars , it’s a bit redundant . furthermore , if you happen to be in a call when you receive this alert , it will generally turn on your screen , thus reactivating the touch sensor . for yours truly , this has resulted in accidentally ended phone calls , unintentional muting , and more . the module will work on any ics+ device with xposed framework installed . simply install the module , activate it , and reboot . to tame your low battery alert , head over to the module thread . the exposed module is available in this xda thread .
well , i am not going to take credit of this answer , i just googled out the answer of this question . head over to the /system/media/audio/ui it will have lowbattery . ogg file rename it to something different like lowbattery . ogg . bak or something else . it will not bother you . ps : you need to be a rooted user to do that and yes removing the lowbattery . ogg try renaming and let me know about it !
install the superuser app from the market and reboot . then try running su from adb with your device connected to your computer -- superuser should pop up a notification on the phone asking if you want to allow it to run . then you can use it . note your phone must be rooted .
i am not sure what device you are using , but z4root will allow you to root droid x ( as well as droid i believe ) . it should provide temporary and permanent root access . as always , you use this at your own risk .
hmmm . . a quick google-fu yielded this linky to quote : gps : what should i do if touch screen ( display ) is not responding ? in case that the product is e100 , e205 , e300 or e400 press the reset key . if is s1200 , a1700 or xroad , follow the steps : turn on the device and press key menu m ( up left ) , in case the gps is turning on rolling an application it will return to the home menu . in home menu press key menu then press 4 times key + ( plus , up right ) and once key – ( minus , down right ) . if the steps were correct executed , on screen will appear a cursor + . press , with careful , in the center of the cursor using the gps pencil , marking the screen coordonats , center and four corners . after marking the coordonates , touch the screen anywhere for saving the coordonates . next step “touch test” will confirm that the settings are right and will have effect on the device , press the center of + and if the 5 coordonates were been set correctly it will pass at sound test , or it will return at the calibrating screen . if you executed correctly the steps and you arrived at “sound test” , turn off and then turn on the gps . assure that you executed correctly the procedure and if the problem persist , contact our service . try that or use one of the hidden secret android codes to get at the service menu , there may be an option in there to calibrate the touchscreen ?
it seems that asking this question has encouraged me actually make a proper effort to poke around the phone 's settings enough to find a workable solution , which is to enable Spell correction for the qwerty keyboard word suggestions / predictions . the option is enabled in the location : settings language and keyboard touch input text input QWERTY section spell correction now , typing i , t , s mid sentence will produce the suggested words its , Its , it's , which is pretty much acceptable for me . it's might be third , but it is listed and that is what counts ! i do not know if this is a common problem or if the default setting for Spell correction is on or off , so i do not know what the cause of the problem was , but at least it is sort of fixed .
i would say that this would be somewhat of a " driver " issue . it seems that your home cinema system does not know what your device is and it cannot connect to it . i would try seeing if there is a firmware update for the system ( if it supports firmware updates ) . it recognizes the blackberry because they have been around for so long , and they probably use the same driver to communicate with just about any blackberry .
i had not done a factory reset . once i had done this , it took about 2 minutes to boot up !
this actually can happen with any rom you install . if you are not installing a " new " version of the same rom , you can get in to a boot loop . you have to do a factory reset and clear the data and cache when installing a new rom for the first time . if you are installing an upgraded version of the rom , you do not have to do the wipe ( unless the instructions tell you that you should ) . but you should always clear the cache . when the device boots up for the first time , after clearing the cache , it needs to rebuild the cache for the applications you have installed . the more applications that you have installed , the longer it will take to boot the first time . keep an eye on the " boot up " , if it looks like it is " starting over " and not just replaying the boot animation , you are in a boot loop . if you have adb installed , you can plug the device in and look at the logcat that is going on during the boot process . this can also help you determine if you are in a loop or not .
it sounds like agent fits the bill for you . specifically , the sleep agent . i do use the agent app , though i do not use the sleep agent itself , so this list of features is just me going through the setup options in the app . set days and times for it to activate . ( defaults to 11:00 pm through 7:00 the next morning , sunday through thursday nights . ) selectable whether it does ' silence ' or ' vibrate ' . has a whitelist of callers that are allowed to get through . ( and selectable whether unknown callers get through or not . ) can wait until plugged in before starting . can auto-respond with a text saying " i am sleeping , text ' urgent ' to wake me up . " right off your request list , it can allow repeated calls to get through . ( i use agent mostly for the meeting agent : it links to the google calendar on my work account , and auto-silences the phone for the duration of the meeting . )
llama is a great tool ! it receives gsm tower id and learns your locations ( home , work , school ) so you can set which profile to turn at specific location at specific time . best feature is that it is not a battery drainer .
in simple proximity sensors are light sensors . it turns the screen off while you are making an call .
it prevents that your ear is doing input actions on the touchscreen when you are making a call . : ) most proximity sensors are simply light sensors that will detect " proximity " when they are covered .
the proximity sensor on most smart-phones with touchscreen exists to disable accidental touch events . the most common scenario is the ear coming in contact with the screen and generating touch events , while on a call .
developers can get access to the sensor and use it for other things . at a users suggestion i use it in my biking app ipbike to wake up the screen . the user just has to wave there hand over the sensor and the screen switches back on . very handy when cycling with gloves on .
there is not a special boot for rooted devices afaik . any rooted device necessarily boots with complete root access .
if you want root access on a production phone , then you are going to have to use a root kit . there are a ton of benefits to having a rooted device , but there are also risks . some devices are now coming out with the ability to run an app in root mode with user permission . my word of caution : attempting to root your device without proper knowledge will render it completely useless except for holding down your papers on a windy day . make sure to do all instructions exactly and only flash your phone with builds that are meant to go with your specific device ! best of luck !
there are at least two different solutions available for it : lbe privacy guard ( careful when you are already running jellybean : do not use the playstore version then , but rather check with xda-developers , as the playstore version causes boot-loops with jellybean and the dev did not even place a note for it ) , and pdroid privacy protection / pdroid manager . the latter is more difficult to install , but often preferred : being implemented at os level , it offers more security .
the permissions manager feature was removed from cyanogenmod 9.0 - and has not been re-added . there used to be a free version of permissions denied , however it was removed . i tried the free version and it worked well - i am unable to comment on the paid version however . if you are using cyanogenmod 7 , then you can use the permissions manager - enabled it in cyanogenmod settings , and disable permissions by clicking them when viewing an app in the android app manager .
there is also an app called " android permission blocker " that is only 99 cents ! you need a rooted phone to use it which is standard with permission blocking apps ( i.e. . permission denied app the original question mentioned ) . for 99 cents , you can not go wrong . i do not have a rooted phone , but my friend uses " android permission blocker " and said it works well for him for what it is worth .
you can try using xposed installer and xposed app settings from xda xposed installer and tutorial http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1574401 , xposed app settings download . " http://mohammadag.xceleo.org/public/android/xposed/ " once enabled , the xposed app settings let 's you edit things about an app like the ui size ( tablet or phone ) , keeping an app in memory and also editing the permissions an app is given . and best of all its free
solved : it appears these contacts were in the " other contacts " on gmail.com. i am not entirely sure how they got there or why there is no such group in the people app where i can see or edit them , but at least i can delete them now !
you will really struggle finding a way to root a tablet running ics , especially a ' no brand ' one . i have had the same issue with an arnova gbook . unfortunately , the answer to your question is that it would be very difficult , and maybe even impossible , unless a new ics root exploit comes out , as google patched the main one in android 4.0 .
if you do not know what device you have , it is hard to get any assistance . without any warranties of success , and without assuming any responsability by what may happen to your device , i can suggest that you visit unlockroot , known to work with tons of devices , may became a solution for yours . the process is done with three steps : your device must be in usb debugging mode . turn it on , go to settings-> applications-> development and check the box . （ look here ） connect your device to your pc , run unlockroot . exe . click " unlock root " , enjoy ! and it is reported to work quiet well , see last entry labeled " what are the risks of rooting ? " . the faq section is also quiet useful . read the documentation from the website and proceed at your own risk .
i just want to start this answer off by saying that if you are not an expert computer user , this is probably not for you . you will need to know how to setup and edit partition tables , along with knowing how to resize , delete and add partitions . i of course accept no responsibility for any damage you cause to any device from reading this tutorial . in theory here is what you need to do : repartition your device 's sd card so that you can make room for all the the operating systems you want to run get a new boot loader that supports dual ( or multi ) booting flash the partition with a build that is compatible with your phone specifically for your device ( the galaxy note 10.1 ) , here is a great link on dual booting : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2258867 the tutorial is on an ubuntu machine , if you do not have ubuntu it is pretty easy to install from their website : http://www.ubuntu.com you probably do not even need to install ubuntu to do this tutorial , i think you would be fine just running off of the live cd . i am a little biased because i love ubuntu , but i would recommend installing it when you have free time . it really is a life saver and it runs on top of a linux kernel so you get all of the benefits of linux when you use ubuntu . very important before you start the tutorial 1 ) backup your device every time before you make a change to the os or to the boot loader . it is extremely easy to brick your device if you do not know what you are doing . if you brick your device and you have no backups to go from , then you are out of luck my friend . 2 ) you need to have a cwm ( clockwork mod ) installed on your device before you start the tutorial along with nandroid backup . see extra stuff below for install information . 3 ) i cannot stress this more : make sure that you are installing a mod that fits perfectly with you device ! ! you will potentially render your device unusable if you do not check your roms thoroughly . 4 ) this is not so important but will save you a lot of time in the future . go get a bigger sd card , no 1gb or 2gb is not enough and 4gb is pushing it . go out and buy a 16gb sd card , they are not that expensive and if you are going to be doing multiple booting , then you will want the extra space . it will be a huge pain to transfer all of your files onto a bigger sd card because you decided you wanted to triple boot android , arch linux and ubuntu all on one device . this is the voice of experience unfortunately . hopefully the tutorial works out well for you . when you get comfortable with installing os partitions , then you can start trying out different flavors of linux . my favorite is ubuntu , followed closely behind by arch linux ( arm ) ( which is great for server applications ) . extra stuff installing cwm and nandroid backup on galaxy note 10.1 here is a video tutorial for installing the cwm on the galaxy note 10.1 if you need to do that . again make sure you get the right rom for your device . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niyixzcw7xs if youtube is more your thing , then here is a pretty good video on doing the same thing in the other tutorial . this youtube video requires you to already have cwm installed on your device . galaxy note : how to dual boot 5 different roms for those of you who do not have the galaxy note , here is something else i found that might be useful ( or at least a starting point ) : http://lifehacker.com/5826050/how-to-dual-boot-multiple-roms-on-your-android-phone please feel free to edit if you have something to add ( tutorials for specific devices etc . ) also , if you need more info , just comment and i will help you out .
finally the market updated itself after force-stopping it , clearing its data and cache , starting the app again , and then exiting it and leaving the phone alone for an hour or two .
if you find the app in the market and install it , it should update your phone 's copy , and update automatically frrom then on .
learn java ( the programming language android is based on ) recommended book ' java in two semesters ' ( ignore that it is based over 2 semesters ) http://eclipsetutorial.sourceforge.net/totalbeginner.html then use : http://developer.android.com/index.html http://www.xda-developers.com/ http://www.modaco.com/
xda is a good resource but not a good starting point . the aosp is also . but the best idea is always to look how others are creating customs roms . for example the cm development for the kindle fire : a good starting point is jackpoint calvin 's post about how to create a cm update . zip for the fire from source . it gives a good overview about how the kernel , asop , hardware modification and cm play together . and how these are handled with android 's repo script . forums are a good information resource , but it is hard to find useful information fast . irc channels are the first place to get involved . join a few rooms to get into contact with developers . maybe you find a beginners task on which you can start working . also you need knowledge about android/linux kernels , hw drivers , C and some java .
i second to what @blundell said . for moding , rooting and flashing first try finding a cheap hardware and also checkout the support for rooting , building cutom kernel , custom system image for your chosen hardware and get going . there are lots of resources available from xda modaco cyanogenmod . for app developement on android follow this below link to start with installation and configuration of sdks . . . . http://developer.android.com/index.html there books avaialable on amazon . for deigning ui , android fundamenttals , professional . . . . try searching some books which gives you the insight of ' what is what ' and ' who made who '
if it keeps doing this even though you have done a factory reset , i would just go ahead and exchange for a new one . you could , however , try flashing a rom via odin with re-partition , to completely start fresh . instructions ( assuming you have the i9000 model ) are below . go to this xda thread and download the newest firmware for your region ( caveat : if you are concerned about warranty , you do not want to use the 2.3 firmware since it was not officially released . to be safest , flash the exact version you already have ) . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
you should use zipalign -f -v 4 my.apk output.apk  do remember that if you zipalign before you sign , the signing will undo the alignment .
figured it out . i installed xposed framework , got xposed additions from play store , and changed it .
the files you downloaded from that site are for a samsung galaxy y . your phone is a samsung galaxy ace duos . you need to find a rom suitable for your phone . you are lucky that installing that rom did not brick the phone completely . you can not undo an update : to get back to what you had before , find a stock rom image for your phone ( probably from http://sammobile.com for a samsung phone ) and install it following the provided instructions . alternatively , if you still want android 4.1 , look for an unofficial 4.1 rom for your phone and install it in the same way . see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
using odin root the phone . . after rooting the phone will enter into cwm download mode . . u will get extra option specifically the mount usb whilst the phone is connected to the pc . . the memory will appear on your pc . . and u can backup ur stuff . . . alternatively . . . just flash a working rom . . i did that and i passed the logo stage and got all my stuff back with no changes to the apps and their data just a reset of my phone software as if it was new
some recoveries allow you to navigate your phone with a file browser . does your phone have an external sd card ? i have team win recovery project installed on my phone and it lets me copy stuff around , it even has a terminal to do whatever you please . so you could copy your photos to sd card using that recovery and then to computer . installing twrp was very easy for me , i remember just putting a . zip in the external card and hitting install from the android recovery selecting from menu . everything else was automatic . but be tread carefully here ; do a false move and you can potentially brick your phone . http://teamw.in/project/twrp2
super one click is written in c# . you need mono to run it under linux and other non-windows platforms . you can check your ubuntu package manager for mono or download it from here . the xda-forum-link also has a link to a detailed description on how to make it work under linux . i have never personally used it on linux , but once the program is up and running , it should be very self explanatory .
found this thread on the vibrant section of the xda devs forum : not enough space in music database ? ( pretty sure the vibrant is a us carrier-specific version of the galaxy , with this weird obsession us networks seem to have for making up alternative names for devices ) . maybe it has something to do with how the app handles various artists and/or unknown artists . i added all my music , then deleted tracks from various artist albums until it worked again . i then put back the various artist album track and it did not work , as expected . i thought this was artist based , but when i got it working again--by deleting the track mentioned above--and then added a track for a various artist album by an artist that already existed , the app crashed too . i then thought it might be song based . so i removed that song and then added a set of songs . however , it unexpectantly worked . the difference with the set of songs added above is that they were not part of a various artist album . they were a new artist , but the main album artist was not various with a contributing artist of the actual artist name . instead , the album artist was the artist name and the contributing artist was left blank ( or had the same name ) . so , it is that the music app does not understand how to handle various artist albums ? plugged sd card into my pc , did a search for files named * . mp3 with " various " in the artist tag , moved all of them off the card . plugged card back into galaxy again , waiting for media indexing to finish , i can now view the artists column without the app crashing . still can not search in the app without crashing , but i have a few more compilation type albums so will try spotting and removing all of them to see if it helps . update nov 2010 : the music player included in the official samsung froyo ( android 2.2 ) update , seems to have fixed this problem , or at least made it so that i can have the majority of my tracks on the phone without this problem showing up .
i recently " bought " a selection of the classic , free books for kindle a few days ago . on amazon ( uk ) 's webpage they were showing with full colour book covers , when they downloaded to my android 's kindle app a few minutes later they came down with blank , default covers . have tried a lot of playing with it too , and can not see a way to get the covers for these books to download . maybe they just do not send covers for free books to the android app ?
you could try deleting the app cache . go to settings > applications > manage applications and find the kindle app . click on it and then hit the button that says " clear data " . this will clear cache and start you off at square one again with the app . then see what happens .
walking navigation was just released today [ sept 9 ] as an update to google maps 4.5.0
simply the answer would be no . according to whatsapp faq , your whatsapp chat history is not stored on their servers but , there are certain things you can do to save your chat history . make back-ups of your whatsapp conversations if your whatsapp conversations are important to you , it is a good idea to make backups of them so you do not lose them if there is a problem with the app . to do this , go to the settings menu , choose ' chat preferences ' then click on the chat history backup option . chat preferences ( click image for larger variant ) email the conversations you can send an entire conversation history from whatsapp via email . in android , click on the menu option in a conversation ( it is on the bottom-right of the screen ) , go to ' more ' and select ' email conversation ' , before entering the address of the recipient . whatsapp will create an email with the whole text conversation , including any pictures , voice or video clips .
several options : you had an exchange email account ( probably corporate ) which had device admin permissions , and it got activated by the email provider . you had android device manager installed and somebody activated the factory reset or you reset it by unluckily booting the device into boot loader , opening recovery and factory resetting ( as suggested by @peter carlos )
well , i do not think you could get to know what has made your device getting factory reset on its own . as far as i know i think somehow the volume up and power keys may have been pressed which results in factory reset . i have also heard the if you put the patter lock wrong over the htc m8 for more that 10 times , the device gets automatically factory reset . i am sure accidently you may have ! !
there is a sox port for android available as an open source project on github : https://github.com/kyborg2011/soxplayer the developer says that it is not stable and uses high amounts of cpu ( source ) : instability ( every tenth run - nothing happens ) high load on the processor would not recommend to run that but theoretically this can be done .
you could just use audacity or something to create a short clip of white noise , then play that on loop through the phone 's media player . however , in my opinion , this whole question is a bad idea . it will constantly be running down your battery and using up processor cycles .
see if you have something like this : System settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All &gt; Downloads
if you sync your contacts with google than you can add a special calendar . that you can only do on the web interface . select settings | calendar settings in google calendar . go to the calendars tab . follow the browse interesting calendars » link under other calendars . open the more tab . click subscribe for contacts ' birthdays and events . now after syncing the events will show up in the calendar app .
it depends on the android version . i used to have froyo and gingerbread ( stock ) it would not import the birthday info , but custom rom miui does import the birthday info .
you said : my device was dropped to the ground and sometime , the sound does not work anymore this would very much seem to boil down to a hardware problem . the only way to " handle " it is to repair the hardware . you can start with the asus repair page .
you can go through these links to see if you can get your google account back : google account recovery - link 1 google account recovery - link 2
probably you are looking for something like this app .
internal/device memory is similar to ram which android os makes use of . its location will probably will remain invisible to you since your device is non-rooted . i am assuming you want access to internal storage and not internal memory . you can access your internal storage which has the path of /storage/sdcard0 where '/' is the root directory . " apps and media " contains all your application data ( save files , scores etc ) , your photos and images stored on the device , music files ( mp3 , ringtones etc ) and videos . you will need to root your device to see the contents of "/" directory as rooting your device will provide you with super user privileges and thus allow rw access to all directories . you can check this link to know more about the difference between storage and memory .
you might wish to take a look at our fine internal-storage tag-wiki for a short definition : internal storage generally refers to the storage space on your device that can be used for installing applications and their associated data . it might be a bit confusing , but that is what the terms " device storage " or " phone storage " usually refer to . with most devices , this is where /data points to , and also other partitions like /system , /cache , and /recovery . you can find some additional details in the answers to android folder hiearchy . as /data is where the apps store their " private " data ( well , to be more precise : that would be /data/data ) , and /system is reserved for , hm , the system , on a not rooted devices most content will stay hidden from you ( "insufficient privileges " to see/access ) .
after a lot of searching around and trial and error i stumbled across the answer to this . 1 ) what is the location on the internal memory that is considered as device memory ? i mean is it a folder ? yes . device memory is calculated from the data folder present under root . 2 ) how exactly does android go about calculating that " apps and media " 3 ) is there any way of seeing the file/folder contents of device memory ? the " device memory " includes all the contents of that /data folder . apps : ( apps that are actually installed on my phone ) , data : that is used by these installed apps , core . i am yet to find out about this . dalvik cache : which gets created for each app that is installed . there is a particular file that is taken from each apk file installed on the phone and put here on the dalvik cache . free space : finally the much needed answer to where all my free space went off too . it got consumed by the way " device memory " is architectured . so if you install around 400mb of apps that is enough to actually fill up 1.5gb of data folder . hope this was of help . here is a screenshot for reference .
the way i did it was to install dd-wrt on my home router and enable pptp vpn . then i just put in the user name and password in the vpn settings in gingerbread .
openvpn would seem to be another good solution if you cannot install dd-wrt on your router . there is a client app for it (http://www.appbrain.com/app/openvpn-settings/de.schaeuffelhut.android.openvpn) but you need to have rooted your phone to use it .
install spare parts . open it and click on " battery history " . select the drop down list at the top and from it choose " gps usage " . it will show you what apps have been using the gps . note that you will need to have your device unplugged at the time as it is actually looking for battery usage as used by apps accessing gps .
there a a lot of apps that will just use gps if it is on . even the camera will use it to put location data in the image . google uses it for buzz , maps , latitude , etc . and if you have latitude , it will fire up every once in a while to report your location ( which if you have latitude , you told it to do : ) ) . there are some applications that will even use the gps , if it is available , to show you " local " advertisements . if you " opt'd in " for the " providing google with location information " when you set up your device , the device itself will use it to notify google about wifi locations and cell towers around your location . this data helps start gps from a cold start , so it can lock on to a location quicker . this data is good , and helps people that actually use the gps . they are not " tracking your every move " like some people seem to think . google , and apple for that matter , could not care less where you are , what they want to know is where the cell towers are so they can tell you where you are with their location applications more quickly . if you are worried about what may be sending data , then the only " safe " option is to turn off gps unless you are using it , and check the permissions of applications when you install them . if your " cooking recipes " application wants to use gps , that you may want to worry a little , unless it is going to tell you how to get to the store to by the ingredients .
i do not think there is an app that shows which app is using the gps . also , i can not get spare parts 's battery information screen to show in my android 4.1 . here 's my suggestion : whenever you see that the gps is active ( such as , the gps icon in the notification bar , or settings > battery shows that the gps is active ) , click on settings > apps > running to see which apps are running . one of them is the culprit . in my case today , the rogue app is no zombies .
generally speaking , gps is not always running , when an activity that uses gps , gets paused , the gps shuts down to conserve battery . when the activity is resumed , gps gets kickstarted . this is how a well-behaved and written application should behave . i would suggest to install droidwall , and dis-allow all apps to access both 3g and wifi . and watch the log , there should be some process attempting to connect . it should also show up in the ' logcat ' , in a form of something similar : ' cannot access xx . xx . xx . xx ' ip address format .
it seems like beautiful widgets often uses your gps if you have your location set to automatic . setting it to a fix location may help .
the red cable pictured is a usb-otg cable too . it is no different to having the adaptor-style cable with a normal usb-a to micro-usb cable attached . so if your amp will work with one , it will work with the other too . just be extra careful when using a symmetric-looking usb-otg cable . usb-otg works by having the pins wired differently in the " host " and " peripheral " ends of the cable , so you need to be careful to plug the " host " end into the phone . different cables have different ways of identifying which is which , so be careful to check the instructions that come with the cable . of course , your amp might not work for other reasons . if it lacks an external power supply , then it needs the host device to supply enough power for it . most smartphones can not supply a lot of power via usb-otg , so in that case you had need to use it with a powered usb hub . the other reason it might not work is if it uses the usb audio profile . most android devices lack driver support for usb audio ; there are other questions about that on the site .
there is no way to fix this issue without wiping it sorry , and as you cannot boot your device you cannot use the sdk to backup your data partition because : it is the data that is most likely causing this issue the data partition will not be mounted during boot time also , the above ( or below ) answer is assuming that you had usb debugging enabled - did you ? alas , you will have to wipe your device ( including cache , dalvik-cache ( if possible ) and user data ) .
there are two suggestions i have for you , both of which involve installing the android sdk on your computer : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html this is sort of overkill for you , because there is a lot of things in there that you do not need , but the most important thing is adb . if you do not want the sdk lying around , you can install virtualbox and install the sdk on a linux vm . once you have adb installed , you can do : post the output of adb logcat online . this will give you some insight as to what is causing the crash . do : adb pull /sdcard adb pull /data this will pull your data off of your phone and onto your computer . once your stuff is safely off your phone , you can do whatever factory wiping you need to do .
although i am surprised it did not work in windows 7 out of the box ( it worked on my pc ) there is a way to fix it . please open c:\windows\inf\wpdmtp . inf in notepad and add following ; Nexus 7 %GenericMTP.DeviceDesc%=MTP, USB\MS_COMP_MTP %GenericMTP.DeviceDesc%=MTP, USB\VID_18D1&amp;PID_4E42&amp;MI_00  in two places - at the end of sections [Generic.NTx86] and [Generic.NTamd64] this method will also work on windows 7 after installing windows media player 11 .
i have had some trouble myself hooking up my nexus 7 with a windows 7 computer , even though i would figure the device is new , windows would be able to locate and download drivers itself . its probably some conflict between the two , have you tried first installing the adb driver after installing the nexus 7 as an mtp device ?
backup apps using astro file manager . alternatively , you can use a little app dedicated for this task : app backup and restore .
how have you configured your emails ? is it pop3 or imap ? yahoo have a guide to explain the differences . i would recommend using imap as it should sync read status between phone/webmail . you can find the info and steps needed here . as for sent emails there is probably a setting to sync sent items ( or you need to put them into the correct folder ) . if you provide more details about the app/how you configured it we can help further
as of this moment , it is a known fact ( not necessarily an issue ) that the xposed framework does not work with art . so , you either : stay with dalvik runtime , and get the advantage of using xposed ; or uninstall xposed framework , and get the advantage of using art after installing xposed , the runtime gets reset from art to dalvik . can you stop it please ? you can be glad that i implemented this , otherwise you would be in a bootloop know . xposed is not compatible with art ( yet ) . it is a completely different architecture with pretty much no documentation . rewriting xposed for the art runtime requires understanding the concept , the code structure and many details to know how it works . i have already spent dozens of hours on that and some things are working . but still it is a long way ahead . do not expect even a test version in the near future . so please do not ask when it will be available - you will surely know when it is ready . i have nothing else to say about that .
you could replace the radio firmware with one from a drastically phone . having what would essentially be a " broken " firmware for the radio would prevent any cellular communications in or out of the phone . this link is an example of changing a nexus 's radio firmware ( baseband ) to another good firmware , but the same process would apply to using a baseband that does not match your phone or your phone 's cellular radio chip .
on rooted devices , you can disable the following packages to disable all telephony features : phone dialer telephonyprovider contacts contacts storage contactsprovider depending on the device manufacturer and os version , some of these apps might not exist , or be named differently .
does it have a removable sim card ? if so , remove the sim and it will not have any network connectivity except for wi-fi . that is what i have done to turn my old iphones into ipods for my kids .
if you root the phone , go into Manage Apps and you can disable the dialer , it will remove it from the home page . contacts can also be disabled . there are also numerous ways to put the phone in airplane mode so it is persistent after restart . click image for larger version note : disabling dialer does not disable the emergency dialer , but airplane mode does .
you can install a parental control app like kids place that limits the apps that the kid can launch . if it set as the default launcher the kid will only be able to access the apps that are defined within the app while full access is protected by a password .
you have not mention that you are rooted or not ? if you are rooted then use titanium backup app to freeze three apk 's i hope samsung has smae named apk as for my s2 . secphome . apk telephonyprovider . apk contacts . apk after freeze them your calling and emergency call will be block down , you can use data connection without any problem from here . if you are not rooted then first pull them using adb for backup and then delete them for make it safe .
there is definitely not an " official " way to disable emergency calls - if my understanding is correct , that would actually be illegal . unofficially , i think the closest you can get is disabling the dialer . i have not tested it , but even if removing the dialer does not disable the emergency calls functionality , it might cause any attempt to call to crash . . . if you wish to go that route , you must be rooted . you open up your favorite file manager , navigate to /system/app , and rename dialer.apk ( or similar , since you are on nexus flavored aosp it should be dialer ) to something like dialer.apk.bak . do not delete it - it is always a good idea to have a backup . edit : contacts would be the same process , removing contacts.apk edit 2: evidently it might be TelephonyProvider.apk . pretty sure i have seen dialer too though . most file explorers will show a phone icon , like below : click image for larger version
i know you can freeze and thaw an app using titanium backup pro , which i have . but that would require manually going in to tibu and doing the freeze/thaw commands each time . you are wrong about that part . try this : look for a free place on your homescreen long-press there select to add a widget scroll to titanium backup select the item to ( un ) freeze an app select the app this gives you a toggle-widget to freeze/unfreeze the selected app .
it is possible now that sprint is selling this phone with the radio that is needed for the sprint network . i am not sure how to get the store to activate the note 2 yet . you may need to talk to them in person .
no , this is not possible . the galaxy note is a gsm phone whereas virgin mobile usa is a cdma network ( it is a subsidiary of sprint ) . the two are not compatible . in addition to this , cdma carriers typically only activate phones that are specifically branded for their networks , so you can not even use a sprint phone on virgin unless you " know a guy " or find a really nice rep . the galaxy note is quad-band gsm/umts , supporting the 850/900/1800/1900 mhz gsm bands and 850/900/1900/2100 mhz umts ( 3g ) bands . if you get one that is not carrier locked then you can use it on at and t , t-mobile , and any smaller us carrier that uses their spectrum ( straight talk , for example ) .
the feature is not present in android 4.0.4: it was added in 4.1 .
k-9 mail supports to store mail on the sdcard . so if you are not bound to the gmail or the other pre-installed mail apps , this might be worth a try . details can be found e.g. at technosamigos article how to save email data on your sd card rather than internal memory on android phones/tablets . basically , it requires the following steps : go to settings &rarr ; account settings . check for the storage option select the sdcard instead of internal storage done .
only if you rooted , you can use data2sd , where /data/data linked to /sd-ext/data ( or just sdcard mounted to /data ) . then all application data will be stored on sd card .
k-9 's option account settings > storage will allow you to save messages to the first sd card . most smartphones have no internal sd card , only the external . thus my ( android 4.1.2 ) smartphone stores to /sdcard/Android/data/com.fsck.k9/ . most tablets have an internal and an external sd card and k-9 uses the internal . my tablet ( also 4.1.2 ) stores to /storage/sdcard0/Android/data/com.fsck.k9/ . afaik k-9 cannot store to the removable sd card sdcard1 .
i suggest checking out 3rd party keyboards . there are some free and paid alternatives that may show a nice improvement for you . there are even stock keyboards for other phones that have been ripped out and placed online as apks to download and install . check out your favorite eris/android message board to get some suggestions , and also check the market and try them there , too .
in your google calendar on the web you can set a default notification period for the events you subsequently set up on the web calendar . in the calendar app provided with gingerbread i do not see any similar default setting but you can set a notification for each event you set up . fyi google has numerous problems with alarms in gingerbread . one is that if you subsequently change an alarm that was set up in the web calendar using the web calendar that change may not sync to the phone . another is that eventually notifications will start coming late and there is no known fix ( in spite of google presumably knowing about it for almost a year although they have only apparently actually acknowledged knowing about it for about six months ) .
as your device supports an external microsd card : take that card , put it into a card-reader ( if you do not have one : now 's the time to buy it ; they come for less than 10 bucks ) , attach the reader to your pc . now , copy the file to the root of the card , safely unmount , then put the card back into your phone . you should be able to flash it then . for what possibly happened : you might have placed the file in the root of the internal sdcard . recovery is looking on the external card .
multitouch touch screen digitizers handle ( 2,3,4 . . . ) or more input fingers at a time at the hardware level . single touch devices handle only one finger at a time even if 2 or more are present . if you touch with a 2nd finger , the detected touch will " jump " from the first finger to the second finger location . install a touch screen visualizer or test application like z device test . you can watch a video how it looks with one finger on youtube ( which has fake dual touch and has some flaws ) . so what a fake dual touch driver does is this : it basically detects " jumps " of the finger and assumes it comes from a second and just keeps reporting a fixed virtual event ( coming from the last known position from the ( now vanished ) 1st finger touch ) while the 2nd touch is from your actual finger and reported regularly .
the difference between real dual-touch and fake dual-touch has to do with how the screen is built . real touch screens have an additional layer to allow for additional inputs . there are ways to emulate dual-touch with software . this is helpful in the case of your particular phone . this xda forum page has a list of updates for particular roms including 2 stock roms which enable fake dual touch .
yes , the hspa+ galaxy nexus phone from google play store is the i9250 model . that clip should fit it just fine .
whatsapp requires a sim-card as stated in a comment already . i know from various xda-developers discussions , that it is easier to do a backup from whatsapp on your phone with titanium backup , and then restore it inside your vm . beware : the message database is local and messages are not synced across identical accounts .
i was able to install android on virtualbox normally but never got whatsapp working on it , always errors and complications ( tablets are not supported , etc . . . ) . finally i found the only solution that worked for me on a spanish website . no sim-card needed ! also beginners will understand ! here 's the way i did it : download virtualbox for your system , install it . . . download android with whatsapp included android_4.1.1_whatsapp . ova . this is a fully working android version with whatsapp already installed if downloaded , open virtualbox and select " file"-menu " import appliance . . . " " open appliance " locate the downloaded " android_4.1.1_whatsapp . ova " , select it and press " open " " continue " " import " now you should have a virtual machine in vbox named " androvm_vbox86t_4.1.1_r4-20121002-gapps " . select it and press " start " . a window with running android will pop up , let it load , unlock it ( if cursor does not work , disable in " machine"-menu the " mouse integration" ) your android version will be in spanish language . with translate . google . com you will be able to select your own language in the settings menu in android . whatsapp is already installed , just run it and type a number you can be called with . . . follow the steps and there you go . hope i could help you , i am german , apologize for bad english ; )
you could use wi-fi manager . in its settings , it has Switch to best network .
feature of vpnroot does exactly do what you want : auto connect/disconnect on a specific wifi ( only for pro ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.did.vpnroothl=en
the app vybe could assist you in some way - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.itchyfingerzfree.vybe
no . android does not give apps a way to control the strength of the vibration , so you will not find an app that can do this for you . that said , there is an app that claims to be able to change the vibration strength on nexus 4 and nexus 5 phones , using a device-specific method that requires root . some users report that it does not work at all , but if it does work and you have a supported device , and your device is rooted , you may be able to find an app that does what you want .
i have tried to do this in my own car - here 's my experience with it . from a " hearing the person " perspective , the headphone jack into the car 's speaker system works great . what is even better is that the person does not ( generally ) hear themselves talking either ( no echo or feedback ) . this is using an original moto droid , so your mileage may vary . the problem that i have with this kind of setup is having the person hear me . i still , generally , have to hold the phone up to my mouth for the person on the other side to understand what i am saying . i have found it helps a little bit to enable speaker phone , but then the person sometimes gets the echo feedback . it is really a no-win situation . most likely , you will have to get an aftermarket blue tooth headset .
it is possible to use it this way but the quality of the results are going to depend on your phone , the car and how loud you have the speakers . i have done something similar with my moto droid 1 and will share my experience : the only difference between my configuration and the one you are inquiring about was that instead of plugging directly into an audio jack in my car i used an fm transmitter that i plugged into my headphone jack on my phone ( which then wirelessly beamed the phones audio to 88.1 fm on my stereo ) . in the past i have done the same thing with a tape deck adapter . needless to say the result was that all audio on my phone was coming out of my car speakers . i did this to listen to music and podcasts and accidentally discovered the hands free component when i got a call while it was hooked up this way . needless to say i was surprised to find that there was no feedback loop , no echo , and the person on the other end could not hear the speakers at all . it was also reported to me by the person on the other end of the line that my microphone was picking up my voice just fine , even though the droid was sitting in my cup holder . none of this really seem logical to me but it worked . that being said i do not know how a different phone would respond with a different car . i suggest that you bring a male to male 3.5 in headphone cord when you test drive the vehicle and place a test call to someone you have already briefed on the situation , so they can help you evaluate the quality of the call .
android market just recently added carrier billing for at and t customers .
the developer sets the price in the developer 's local currency . the buyer purchases the app in his/her local currency . google does the conversion . recently the market has started showing the prices already converted to the local currency . that is more to help you understand what the price really is . you still pay with whatever your local currency is and the developer still receives whatever his/her local currency it .
i have since found this link that lists 12 currencies supported by the market . they are : canadian dollar swiss franc danish krone euro british pound hong kong dollar japanese yen norwegian krone new zealand dollar swedish krone singapore dollar us dollar no mention of the australian dollar . presumably an oversight ?
i do not think that this is possible . see matthew 's post but let 's have a lock on how Environment.getExternalStorageDirectory() returns the external storage directory . a quick look in android/os/Environment.java shows that all this method does , is returning a static constant file member called EXTERNAL_STORAGE_DIRECTORY . this constant is initialized by private static final File EXTERNAL_STORAGE_DIRECTORY = getDirectory("EXTERNAL_STORAGE", "/sdcard");  which calls getDirectory() so the external storage directory is nothing else then an java system environment variable ( or a predefined default ) . you could try to follow this trace further . maybe the external storage directory is just a hard coded path in some configuration file on the filesystem . or maybe there is a way to read out these environment variables via adb that i do not know .
adb shell echo $EXTERNAL_STORAGE . all credit goes to flow for leading me to experiment and find this . naturally you can use cd $EXTERNAL_STORAGE or whatever else you might need during an adb shell session .
you can flash supersu from recovery ( cwm or twrp ) to reinstall the su binaries again . you should then either have supersu already installed , or you can install another su app . then install apphider again , grant it root , and then unhide supersu if it is not already showing . i ran into something similar yesterday while applying the ota to a rooted nexus 5 , and this fixed it .
i have found the solution ! ! ! it is an old bug that some people are trailing since android 1.6 , and wich is always not actualy corrected ! the solution : you must have only one apn set in your mobile network configuration .
i would guess it is an error . the easiest fix would most likely to be to : wipe the launcher app data wipe system data ( factory reset ) return to manufacturer ( hardware issue )
as it turned out , my " raw guess " was a direct hit -- so to make it easier to find for future " searchers " , i make it an answer as promised : this problem is mostly caused by the fact that something got messed up with the apps ' cache and/or data . so what you should try first is : go to settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps select your launcher hit the button labeled " clear cache " if that does not solve the issue , take the same steps -- but in the last step hit the " clear data " button ( note : this will reset the launcher configuration as if you just removed the app and did a fresh re-install ) . if you still had no luck , you could simply uninstall and re-install the launcher ( as long as it is not a system app ) . this will do all the above , but additionally remove ( and on re-install re-create ) the apps dalvik cache . count it as " partial factory reset " . having mentioned the dangerous word : a factory-reset can serve as a " last resort " ( as it cleans the entire device ) -- but you would lose all your data that way , and needed to re-configure everything anew . in case you have to do that ( i do not think it is necessary for your case here ) , take care to have a backup of as much of your data as possible .
if you are running adw , you probably activated the " lock desktop " feature . this prevents accidentally adding/moving/removing icons from the home screen . to disable the lock , simply press the menu button and click " unlock desktop " . in the most recent update of adw , if your desktop is locked , pressing the menu button pops up a dialog box asking if you want to unlock the desktop .
on my cwm i have " mount usb storage " option under the menu " mounts and storage " .
this suggestion assumes familiarity with connecting to the phone via adb i had a similar situation on my previous phone . i was able to pull the important stuff over adb when the phone was in recovery . in my case i had to mount some of the filesystems to access everything i wanted to retrieve . i am not sure if it is dependent on the phone whether the adb service is available in recovery . on mine it was available in both recovery and download mode . if adb on your computer recognizes and can connect to your phone you should be able to retrieve and save any files you need . if you are not familiar with adb this is a good place to start : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/all-in-one-guide-to-adb/ if you need any help with it let me know , adb is a whole other topic so keeping it simple here .
as the answer to are google books drm protected ? explains , acsm files are drm-protected , so you can only read them in the play books app itself , not in another ebook app . once you have " pinned " the book and it has downloaded , you can read it offline in the play books app .
at the suggestion of a forum member elsewhere , i called tmobile and asked them about their new " uncarrier " plan . it is a non-contract , postpaid plan with the exact same pricing and services as my current tmo prepaid plan , but i regain the ability to forward voicemails among other things . you have to submit to a credit check for a possible deposit ( max is only one month 's plan ie $50 ) . so going to the " uncarrier " plan was the solution for me . hope this helps .
try going into Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications -&gt; WordFeud and clicking both the Clear cache and Clear data buttons . Clear data may remove your account , so you may have to log back in , but it should help the problem . if it does not , i would have to say uninstall and re-install .
simple , really : android is safely shutting down vital parts of the run-time , broadcasting intents to notify apps/services to gracefully shut down , which in turn flush their caches for data and shared-preferences , save what-nots to the sqlite database , etc . in other words , apps and services are given a chance to do their clean up systematically . the commands that you have tried are harsher , they actually bypass the safety mechanisms for a graceful shutdown . android is not linux per se , in the sense of an ordinary desktop version of linux where those commands could be issued to shutdown the linux environment . it might be possible to create a wrapper script such as this : #!/bin/sh am broadcast android.intent.action.ACTION_SHUTDOWN sleep(5) reboot  you could save this as safe_shutdown.sh , with permissions of 0755 . mileage may vary , depending on handsets and roms . . . so no guarantees there .
disconnect your phone . reinstall the drivers . toggle usb debug mode , reboot your phone and connect it . if that does not work , try putting your phone into download mode manually .
without root access you have 2 options . both options ( may ) allow you to access the files for a particular app , e.g. the folder /data/data/com . app . packagename . if the application is debuggable you can use the run-as command in adb shell ( more info about what adb is and how to install it can be found here ) adb shell run-as com.your.packagename` cp /data/data/com.app.packagename/  if the application is not debuggable , you can use android 's backup function . adb backup -noapk com.app.packagename  you will now be prompted to ' unlock your device and confirm the backup operation ' . it is best not to provide a password , otherwise it becomes more difficult to read the data . just click on ' backup my data ' . the resulting ' backup . ab ' file on your computer contains all the app 's data in android backup format . basically it is a compressed tar file . this page explains how you can use openssl 's zlib command to uncompress it . you can use the adb restore backup.db command to restore the backup .
you should be able to get into fastboot mode ( which bypasses the download mode you are currently in ) by pressing and holding the volume up and down buttons while turning on the phone . this should get you into fastboot . from there , you can enter recovery by pressing volume up twice and power to confirm once you are in recovery , you will need to perform a factory reset/data wipe . if your recovery somehow got hosed , you can download the recovery image from cm 's wiki page and then get into fastboot mode and use fastboot to flash the recovery . fastboot flash recovery "c:\location\to\recovery.img" 
in the galaxy s4 sms application , go to settings and there is an option called " screen on " . untick this option and you should be able to do what you want .
if you want to only affect texts , but leave other notifications alone , then go to your messaging app ( the screen with all your threads , not a specific conversation ) , click the menu button > settings go down to notifications and deselect " notifications " . if you are trying to get your phone to not react at all when you receive a notification , then blocking mode is your obvious answer . no noise , vibration , the screen stays off . . . you can even set it to not blink the notification led . i am sorry if neither of those satisfy the outcome you are looking for , but that is really all that you can do to keep the screen from lighting up .
i’m puzzled . why do you want this behaviour ? anyhow , i do not think it is possible . mobile phones have been doing this as a way to silently alert you of activity since foerver . if you want to preserve battery life , you can try dimming the screen as low as it can go instead .
you can try to switch your current live wallpapers with the gingerbread pack the nexus s came with . this will need your device to be rooted though . as seen on this topic on xda-developers , you can use root explorer ( or any other application that can get into the android filesystem , like root browser lite ) to switch your with livewallpaper . apk file located on system/app with this one , which contains the stock gingerbread live wallpapers from the nexus s , and possibly the one you are looking for . -- also , there is some really similar live wallpapers available on the market , including one called galaxy core 3d livewallpaper , which looks almost like the one you are looking for .
besides a few visual differences , the look to be the exact same device . the only differences i see between the 2 spec sheets is the dimensions and weight . i5800 specs i5801 specs
glad your problem is resolved . however , to answer the question a little more directly , there are logs where additional information for things such as this often exist . you can download android system info from electricsheep and you can view the logs here . it is very unfriendly but is sometimes helpful .
it sounds like the database is corrupted . i would go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and clear the data for gmail and gmail storage . if that does not work , try clearing the data for everything google ( talk , google framework services , etc . ) .
so i only tried to replicate the issue for a few minutes but even when i got the recorder to stop recording ( opening the camera app forced the recorder to stop ) it saved the recording . i am not sure if you already looked on the sd card but if you have not try using es file explorer ( or other file explorer ) and go to " sdcard/my documents/my recordings " . . . thats where i found my recordings . maybe its still there .
if the data still exists on the sd card , i have had some success with recuva . it might even be able to help if the file is on internal storage . the question becomes , then , how to find the file ?
it depends which frame was impacted . if it was the " thicker one " this one is easily replaceable ( though you have to remove pretty much everything - there are videos on youtube ) . of course if you have a warranty sticker on one of the screws warranty goes bye , bye if you remove it . if it is the " thinner " to the front the only way to fix this is to replace the whole assembly - screen included which costs big ( about 250 usd import ) . that is because the amoled is glued to that frame - you had have to unglue the glass , and unglue the screen which is impossible without breaking it . ( source )
i do not know if there is any setting for that ( samsung has certainly more than one device , and i do not know them all with all their specifics ) . but there are other means/approaches to this : you might try some of the toggle switches and widgets available on google play you could check for some automation tool like tasker , which have the feature of toggling mobile data . at least tasker permits to create widgets on the homescreen bound to specific tasks , so you could create a toggle-widget yourself both approaches should work independent of the device you are going to use them on .
no , i do not see anything remotely related in the settings unfortunately . and no option to remember seems to pop up when you display images .
there is a modified version of gmail app available over on xda if you feel like you really need to always show images and are willing to replace the " stock " gmail app . it may require root , not sure . edit here is another thread on a gmail that shows images all the time .
you can not actually merge contacts on the phone . it just links them together , but on the phone only ( kinda like taking two contact cards and stapling them together rather than taking both cards and making one out of them ) . most likely , the reason behind limiting it to 5 links is after that , with a lot of different contacts , it could start slowing things down . the linking of contacts on the phone was designed as a way for you to link your facebook , twitter , google+ , etc contacts with your contacts from gmail ( since gmail 's contacts does not have a way to keep most of your external accounts tied with it ) , not for linking multiple gmail contacts together ( since you should merge those ) . if you go to http://contacts.google.com , under the more dropdown , select find and merge duplicates . this will use google 's algorithms to try and best merge your duplicate contacts together . i found that the contacts it determines are duplicates are usually accurate . if you find it did not merge two contacts together that need it , you can click the checkboxes next to their name and then under the more dropdown , select merge contacts . note : google+ contacts will automatically be linked through your gmail contacts .
http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1386 short story ; android uses wpa_supplicant for its wpa support , so it can connect to wpa enterprise , however the configuration app lacks the ui to configure wpa_supplicant for wpa enterprise . as a workaround , you can configure wpa_supplicant configuration files manually , try this : http://waipeng.blogspot.com/2009/08/howto-wpa-enterprise-on-android-htc.html
on android 4.0+ , there is a section in settings named data usage : when data is enabled , you will see an option to limit your data . once ticked , two markers labeled ' limit ' and ' warning ' will appear . you can drag them up and down to set their values . tapping menu will give you this : as you can see , you can toggle background data from there .
so it turns out android as an operating system does not support anything other the basic http authentication ! so there will not be any readers out there that can support this : (
wifi file explorer is perfect for this ! i am using it right now , in fact ! the newest version allows for uploading as well as downloading from pc to device , over wifi . i have been using this app for a while now , and i can honestly say it works perfectly , and there are good devs behind it that are updating with useful functions consistently .
thanks for the answers . but i managed to solve it using some commands i found on the ubuntu forums at canonical . apparently , it is possible to connect the transformer via usb . but since it shows up as an mtp device instead of a normal storage device . . . ubuntu was unable to recognize it . once i installed the necessary drivers , it was possible to mount it like a normal storage device . of course , the only inconvenience is that i would have to type the mount and dismount commands every time i plug and unplug the asus transformer . i chose to do a direct usb transfer instead of wifi , cos i simply found the wifi transfers too unreliable . none the less , thanks to all the other answers as well . if anything i learned something new :- )
the easiest way is probably via a shared folder . see is there a way to mount a windows shared drive so i can access those files on my phone ? for details on that . you could also run an ftp server on your pc and use an ftp client on your tablet .
i share a folder from my desktop and then use andsmb on my xoom to connect and copy files as needed . i have been satisfied with it so far .
had a similar issue between nexus s and 2012 kia sportage . worked fine for about a week , then audio streaming just stopped . connection was still good , could make and receive calls . tried a number of things like cycling the bt on/off , disconnecting/reconnecting , renaming the phone , etc . brought it to dealer but was told the problem was with the phone since they were able to stream using an iphone . in the end , a soft reset ( power off/on ) fixed it .
finally i found the solution : when in car mode ( automatically toggled using llama when my car connects via bluetooth ) , i use car dock home v3 as home replacement . inside it is preferences in the " car mode system settings " there is an option called " samsung usb mount au . . . " ( can not read the complete entry ) . i had already forgotten that i checked this option since i wanted to know what it does . now i know that it mutes a2dp ; ) no idea what it should do but fortunately now i have sound again .
trying turning phone off , take battery out . wait 15 seconds . reinsert battery , turn on . then try connecting to pc again . hopefully it'll recognise the device when you do this .
i knew i had turned it on ( autotype/autocorrect/wordpredict ) since i first got my phone , but could not figure out how to turn it off , until now . on my samsung galaxy s i use an android keyboard . there are keyboard options and typing options for the phone under settings in the app area . . . but none of those will change the features of the keyboard itself . these features are accessed from the keyboard , on the bottom line ( as it appears when you first start to type ) . . . there is a settings button ( looks like a cog or a sprocket ) next to the go button . . . you will find all the necessary settings you seek to turn on or off all of the annoying features that your keyboard does automatically . cgh
for htc one vx settings > language and keyboard > htc sence input> advance settings > ( turn off ) word prediction .
turn off tracing . this makes it impossible to disable the prediction part because they use same software bits . then disable the prediction .
the following works for me on an htc incredible . hopefully your settings are similar . settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input > prediction . you should be able to un-check prediction .
i have a nexus s with 4.0.4 and i have turned off settings/language and input/spelling correction , but when writing smses it still corrects me . then found another settings : settings/language and input/ android keyborad -> press settings button next to this , then down you have show correction suggestion ( i am turing it to always hide )
on the galaxy s4 you can turn off the " predictive " text by going to settings in your apps . settings . . . language and keyboard . hit settings ( cog wheel ) then turn off " predictive " text .
i have a samsung galaxy glide . the predictive text feature can be shut of by doing the following : open a text window like you normally would when you send a text using go sms pro . on the bottom left hand corner you will see the settings icon which is the same as the icon for your phone settings . hit this button and it will bring up a screen of settings that you can select . uncheck the predictive text setting and voilà - no more annoying auto complete when you are trying to text !
i had the same problem . but it disappeared . i am not 100% sure why , but i suspect that either android 4.0 ( cm9 ) fixed it , or the new separately released official calendar app on play store .
did you checked that it is your google profile in the calendar app when you create an event ? i mean , when you create an event , next to the color change you need to checked that it is your mail there , your calendar . i have a bunch of calendar in one account ( personal , work , school , etc ) and i can separately add event to each of them . . here is a pictures from my device to show you what i mean : it is the only thing i can think of , so i hope it is helpful !
most likely because when you are adding to your phone , you are adding to a different account which is synced with your google account . i know my phone has its own " samsung " calendar which syncs with google 's . have a look in your calendar 's settings to see if you can establish this . also check you do not have two linked google accounts .
to convert pcm/wav to mp3 , i know a step by step guide here : http://www.bigasoft.com/articles/how-to-convert-pcm-audio.html this guide helps :
the lame encoder is useful for converting such files . pc applications can be found here : http://lame.sourceforge.net/links.html you can try another recorder , like hi-q mp3 recorder . this will record it immediately in mp3 format . you can use an online converter to do the job . try for example http://www.mediaconverter.org
as far as i know , there are no built-in audio converters in android . your best bet is to use third party library , maybe even a c/c++ one . look at this question for more info : stackexchange-url
i had the same problem . a while ago , i did not have access to my new android phone , so i asked my friend to login with my google credentials in the play store app to buy some apps on sale . so after a while , when i downloaded new apps , the phone of my friend got that apps and the other way around . so , now my question is , did you entered your google credentials into another android phone like i did ? did you install some apps on that phone ? try to remember if you did like i did .
here is a possible solution . my son had recently unwittingly installed appcaster on our home pc , and this was causing the apps to be pushed to my phone . i uninstalled it from the programs and features under control panel , where appcaster goes by the name " mobile app sync " .
if you replaced the stock launcher with a 3rd-party launcher , the only way to go back to stock launcher is to clear/unset the default launcher ( which is what you did ) , and select a new launcher - in this case , the stock launcher . you will never find a shortcut to the stock launcher in your list of apps .
if you use apex launcher , you can browse available apps and their activities : long-tap on a free space on your homescreen select shortcuts , then activities scroll the list to find your " lost launcher " view its activities . there should be one activity highlighted in a different color , that is the main activity opened when you launch an app . selecting that creates a shortcut on your homescreen you can start it from . writing down the activities technical name , you can also use the " app manager " from the command-line ( terminal or adb ) to launch that activity : am start -n com.app.launcher/com.app.launcher.Activity  here you have to replace com.app.launcher with the package name of the launcher/app in question , and com.app.launcher.Activity with what you have found out above to be the activity 's name .
indeed the internal filesystem somehow got damaged . to fix this you need access to the filesystem itself , which can be done using adb . ( android debugging bridge ) instructions for connecting to the archos tablets using adb can be found here : http://www.archos.com/support/support_tech/updates_adb.html?country=erlang=en although the description is complete this still sometimes can be hard . you might have to restart your computer a few times , but eventually it is possible . open a command window in the directory containing the adb . exe program ( it is in the ' platform-tools ' directory under the androis-sdk-windows folder ) type : adb shell if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the ' $ ' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd . /dev/block/vold if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -f 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/ this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . many thanks to this post on slatedroid that contained the answer .
from what i have read this is more than just an issue with the htc hero and seemingly still has not been fixed completely ( scroll to bottom of the page ) . however i did find several suggestions : one of the comments claimed he " choose ' up to 54mbps ' for hidden ssid on my netgear router " and it worked - maybe this will work for you . i also read ( and confirmed ) that if you are using a router with b/g/n - you need to switch it to just b/g mode for it work with a htc hero . i have not confirmed this with a hidden ssid ( confirmed with a broadcasted ssid ) but its a suggestion to try if you do not mind using only b/g mode . ( i am pretty sure this is the same as suggestion 1 but just in case he meant something else i provided this ) you could also try hiddenssid enabler . i have not tried this so i can not confirm but the comments on the app seem to indicate it works fine . hope one of these suggestions works for you .
in my opinion there is an issue with the default mail app on the samsung galaxy phones . i have recently switched from iphone to galaxy note 3 and was really disappointed with the mail app not properly deleting emails from the server using imap . i know what i am doing and have it successfully working on other droid and ios devices . my work - around is to not use the trash can icon to delete mail but instead to use the move icon and choose to move the mail to the inbox . trash folder . or you could just use maildroid as there is much more control over what you want to do . i am back on the default mail app now and happy with my work - around as the samsung email app works best with the galaxy gear smart watch .
this might seem silly to ask , but is your auto-sync to gmail setting on ? assuming your email 's imap settings are correct , then the issue is with your phone . in the case of the default email android client , you need to have auto-sync on for each added email account . once that is checked on , your emails on the server will reflect any changes made on the phone .
it is to do with the transport mode you are using when you tell maps to ask for directions . pick a point on the map . press and hold till the bubble comes up . tap on the bubble , choose directions , now the directions panel comes up with from and to lines and under that will be the choice driving , public transport or walking . choose driving then press navigation . that works for me after i was suffering the same problem as you . hope this helps
you should uninstall microsoft .net4
i used my s3 in " android system recovery " the option " wipe data/factory reset " seems to npt wipe /sdcard/ partition . in my case it resolved the isue , now the phone is not stuck , and all the apps that were deleted are re-installed from the cloud by android because i had backup them on the cloud . just as a side note , before i used the above option to get rid of boot stuck on samasung logo , i could not use odin to install an original firmware downloaded from here : http://www.sammobile.com/firmwares/3/?download=14509
this is not a direct solution , but a workaround . you could forward the message ( but not send it ) ; this is a feature the stock messaging app supports . when you forward a message , it puts that message into edit mode , as if you were sending a new message . from here , you can select the text that you want to copy .
the progress bar being stuck for a while is not unusual as progress bars are fairly difficult to get right . an update taking more than half an hour , on the other hand , does not sound right to me . of course your phone could simply be slower at this task than mine .
converting my comment into an answer , as it proofed according to its follow-ups : in a thread at xda , a user states : i had the same problem when i tried to setup an exchange email account and installed a certificate . fixed it by deleting all certificates . settings> security> clear credintials so i would suggest you just do that . for additional information , also take a look at this thread at android-forums , which deals with the same problem you mention as example in your question ( "screen pattern lock " -- here : disable lock screen ) .
rom manager does not do anything particularly special to install a custom rom . it essentially makes a call to the recovery binary that allows it to save instructions for your recovery partition to run the next time it boots , thereby automating the process of flashing whatever zip file you choose . you could do the exact same thing manually . therefore , if your device needs to be s-off to flash a custom rom from recovery , it will also need to be s-off in order for rom manager to flash a rom . it will not work on an s-on device since it will not be able to write to the nand , and you will not even be able to get a custom recovery to stick in the first place , most likely , which it will ultimately need to flash the rom .
no . what you are doing there is not just setting a port number away from the default : setting the number at all is what causes the device to start listening . before you run the steps in the question , the device is not listening for adb connections on any port at all . for this reason , there is no " default port " to connect to without setting anything up on the device .
if you have a later version of android ( it works on 4.4 for sure ) , there is a wireless debugging option in developer tools . you can activate that and type this in terminal , adb connect &lt;ip address of phone&gt; it will default to using port 5555 if you do not give it a port . i think that is what you are after .
try colornote , the size in the current version , according to google play is 716kb , it recently got online sync although i do not think there is web editing yet though .
create a folder . place your notes as text files under it . there are many file managers to support viewing and editing text files . you can use a tiny text editor named jota text editor if your file manager does not support it . then , sync this folder with dropbox using a tiny dropsync app ( 422kb ) . done ! it is universal . you can take your notes offline to any platform where dropbox sync is supported . and , you can access your notes from any device which can take you to the web . best of all : it is future-proof . i have just got email from year 3012 that there exists text files , but no evernote .
use ak notepad ( 468kb ) . it can sync notes via catch.com. its not a bloatware . it allows you to pin-lock your notes . you can pin notes to homescreen using it .
now is the time to recommend google keep to this question . cloud stored data ; all part of the google-verse . accessible everywhere .
i know nothing about ' pandaboard ' . but a usb otg port , acts as both master and slave . depending on the spare pin of the mini usb cable ( if its grounded or not ) . a host port aka your pc can only talk to salves like flash/hard drives . usb otg can talk to flash drives and also act like a flash drive too .
count of 5 star * 5+ count of 4 star * 4+ count of 3 star * 3+ count of 2 star * 2+ count of 1 star divided by number of people rated
you are missing the ratings of users who did not leave comments . a large , significant number of users do not leave comments , but they do rate apps . this is what a developer will see in their dashboard , a breakdown of all ratings of their app : so i have an average rating of about 4.57 out of 331 ratings . however , in the dashboard i only have 6 pages of comments , and each page has up to 20 comments . so i have no more than 120 comments on my app . so you had only be seeing 1/3 of the ratings for my app in particular .
could be a bug in the app , but i rarely use the calendar widget . it is also possible that this has been casued by the time change , or that you are in the afternoon . however , you could try erasing all data on the app , and clearing it is cache , then trying again .
nothing worked . . . finally installed a custom build of cm10 into my razr , camera/flash does not work but the phone is stable so far ( i have tested it for 2 weeks ) , my advise is to just format android phones with this problem or install a known rom .
in the current firefox 28 the issue is solved by setting browser.search.loadFromJars to false in about:config . then only the search engines i added myself are shown .
i have obtained an answer from mozilla support , so i post it here for the community . the feature seems to have been removed . however , any hack is welcome :- ) support said : using nightly you can find pre-installed search engines in ' settings ' → ' customize ' → ' search settings ' . i do not think there are plans to re-introduce disabling default search engines anymore . there are no plans to introduce removing pre-bundled search engines .
you can still disable the search engines if you have root access to your device . specifically , you need to pull and modify the file search . json . on my device , i have : adb pull /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox/files/mozilla/rbn69ru0.default/search.json  now , by default , this file does not format everything nicely , so you can use something like http://jsonformat.com  in order to clean things up . in any case , you will see bits such as  "_id": "[app]/bing.xml", "_name": "Bing", "_hidden": false, "description": "", "__searchForm": "http://www.bing.com",  you need to take the "_hidden " flag and change it to true . do this for all of the search engines to hide all of them . or , frankly , just delete everything under engines . then , upload the file back and restart firefox with a command like : adb push search.json /data/data/org.mozilla.firefox/files/mozilla/rbn69ru0.default/  until an application restart , the changes will not be seen . as a slight editorial note , it is dumb that we have to do this by hand . either we should be able to disable things under settings-> customize-> search settings or we should have some way of turning things off in about:config . while i understand that removing menu items that cause too many support issues , completely removing the option even from about:config is counterproductive .
although you can not remove search engines from firefox for android any more ( which i think is the wrong decision for them to have made , personally ) , you can at least reorder the list , which almost makes up for not being able to remove search engines ( i really do not want to ever use bing , thanks firefox ) . to reorder the list , go into settings > customise > search settings and set one of the search engines as default by long-clicking and clicking " set as default " . it will then move to the top of the list . if you then change the default to something else , the previous default is moved down one place ( rather than going back to a predefined position ) . so you can reorder the list however you like by setting each of your favorite engines as default in turn , in reverse order of preference . say you wanted your list to start with google , wikipedia and amazon in that order , you would first set amazon as the default , then wikipedia , then google , and your list will end up with google , wikipedia and amazon as the top three , in that order .
in the syncronisation screen you have to turn synchronisation on global . only if that is on you have checkboxes next to each category inside the google account . you can uncheck the box at contacts then . if the global sync is off you do not have this option . i think it is a bit dangerous the first time you enter that menu , because you have to be sure your internet connection is disconnected . otherwise the first time , when all sync boxes are still on it will start right away to sync everything before you have the chance to disable the sync-box for contacts . if you are offline you can setup everything like you wish and then it is fine .
to make sure that none of my contacts get synychronized to google ( setup : cyanogenmod 10 with android 4.1 ) i deleted the googlecontactssyncadapter . apk in folder /system/app/ . after restarting no contacts got synchronized , if i add a new contact i also get the information , that the contact will only be stored locally . google calendar synchronization works normally . see also this thread .
after many failed tries to reactivate the htc facebook , i have decided to reset to factory defaults . this fixed the issue . now facebook for htc is working fine .
taking google 's music app as an example ( i would wager most others are implemented similarly ) , there are two distinct parts that constitute the app : the foreground processes and tasks that the user interacts with the background service that actually handles music playback point 2 can be verified in this android developer 's blog post wherein it is stated : music playback runs in a service to allow it to continue operating after the user leaves the music application . this distinction ends up being important when you remove an app from the recent tasks list . as covered in my answer to another question , the following is what happens when you swipe an app out of the list , as stated by android engineer dianne hackborn : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . in this case , that means that the foreground tasks of the music app are being stopped , but the background service ( evidently ) chooses to continue running . this is a product of the way the app is implemented , so you simply will not be able to stop music playback by swiping the app out of the list . instead , you can try the following from the recent apps list ( also covered in the above linked answer ) : if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there .
you can try to make your ( perhaps incompatible ) keyboard work using externel keyboard helper . if this works here is the fully functional pro version . i bought this app to completely reconfigure the keyboard layout of my bluetooth keyboard and to get an automatic dialog on keyboard connection to adjust the input method and the app is imho pretty useful once you get it how to deal with the configuration interface . ; - ) maybe it works for you as well and detects the input from your keyboard . you can just give it a try as its free anyway .
maybe your mobile does not support otg . it may also need to be connected via a powered usb hub in order to provide enough power .
i guess you could try running windows 95 or older versions inside dosbox . of course this would require some knowledge on ms-dos stuff and some patience and skill . . here 's a good tutorial on how to boot win95 on dosbox . http://vogons.zetafleet.com/viewtopic.php?t=24936 i would suggest you try this first on a desktop machine with dosbox . another way would be to run it using qemu for android http://www.mobilephonetalk.com/showthread.php?63990-qemu-for-android-runs-any-os
this has been reported as a bug in the android source but no particular action seems to have been taken . you can follow and star the issue on the android bug tracker . alternatively , one comment on the bug tracker notes some potential workarounds you an take a look at : just an additional comment for all those still waiting for this bug to be fixed : current version of handcent saves the " sent time " of the messages . it can be seen on " message details " . it is not the perfect solution but it is the best solution that we have right now . " sms timestamper fix " from andrperk worked for me most of the times but not always . additionally , some commenters have reported that certain handsets do not suffer from this bug , presumably because the manufacturer patched it themselves in their messaging application or sms framework .
seems like what you need is to set the " wifi sleep policy " to never . . . you can find that in the advanced wi-fi menu . then you could let your screen shut down and still be able to talk with no interference with skype .
depending on whether your phone is locked and will not accept foreign updates , you may not have to root your phone , but you will have to unlock it by using the goldcard method . luckily this website helps you do it in a few simple steps : note : these steps will not root your phone . download : klutsh 's goldcard tool format your sd card to fat32 by going settings > sd card and phone storage > unmount sd card then format sd card launch the goldcard tool as admin by right click on app > run as admin connect your phone to your pc and make sure usb debugging is enabled ( settings > applications > development > usb debugging ) click get cid ( try clicking mmc0 if mmc1 fails ) click the link to open the goldcard generator , copy the cid from the tool into it . you will get an email . enable usb mass storage on your phone . click ' refresh ' in the app and select your micro sd card . click ' load goldcard . img ' and select the file you received by email . click ' patch mmc ' you now have a goldcard ! now you can downgrade using the generic ruu . after these steps you have changed your android version to a generic one and you can use the generic update to get it to 2.1 . kudos to klutsh from modaco and the person who made the site !
does china have an extra android version or do you have either the us version or the european version ? to let my own european hero install android 2.1 i had to tell it to manually check for new updates .
can the app record my internet browsing and send it to an outside source ? it may depend on which browser you are using . the stock browser should save it is browsing history within its private storage . if there is no root exploit , an external app should be unable to access the browsing history . can the app upload to an outside source photos that i have taken ? if the app requests and gets granted the write external storage permission , it would be able to access your photos . then it would only need the internet permission , to upload these photos so some site . can the app look at data from other apps and use it ? usually not . but again , if there is a root exploit available for your firmware version , it could use it to access every piece of data on your android device . are there particular app permissions which are rare requirements that might indicate a malicious app ? well , it depends on what the app should do and what permissions are requested . most apps that could also run offline , request the internet permission for ads . contact the app developer if you are not sure why the app needs/requests a particular permission . i would be careful with permissions that could also cost you money : send sms and call phone . i have heard that some strange social network app requests now send sms for some reason . also the read phone state and identity is pretty common , because it is needed for backwards compatibility with older android versions . but it allows the app to read for example your imei , which is unique to your device .
battery indicator pro or a similar alternative might help . in addition to showing the remaining battery in numbers , it also tries to " guesstimate " the remaining minutes , depending on light/medium/heavy usage .
if your talking within your app , this is impossible as you cannot override the home button even if it is soft or hard button . so a full lock is always impossible . this is to stop rogue app 's taking full control of the phone .
there are several apps on google play that can do that . here are two , that do what you want : touchblocker touchlocker
you can buy them from the website without downloading them . any apps purchased through amazon . com simply get added to your account . i think that is the best you can really do .
for random shut downs , that is most probably a loose battery problem . stick some dental floss ( i used oral-b glide floss ) in the side opposite the battery connectors . i used that floss because it is a bit spongy when you bunch it up but at the same time hard . used about 1.5 feet of it bundled up in my nexus s phone . when you push the battery in , make sure it is tight , but not too tight . this will force the battery to remain contacted at the pins . when the battery is loose and can disconnect from the pins ( for even a fraction of a second ) , you get an open circuit and the phone shuts off completely ( no power ) .
i do not believe android supports this out of the box . cyanogenmod might , but i doubt it would do it through connectbot .
it sure is possible if the app you want to send through the tunnel allows you to specify the host and port to connect to . e.g. if you use a remote desktop client you could use connectbot to ssh into your home server , set up a tunnel on the appropriate port , and then use the rdp client to connect to localhost in order to use that tunnel . cyanogenmod does have a proxy setting available under settings > wireless and network > proxy settings . so if you were to run a proxy server on your target computer , you could indeed set it up to proxy through the tunnel . so let 's say i have got an ssh server at example.com. internally i installed squidcache ( a proxy server ) on 192.168.0.101 . in connectbot i would set up a tunnel like this : Nickname: HTTP Proxy Type: Local Source Port: 3128 Destination: 192.168.0.101:3128  then in cyanogenmod 's proxy settings i would set it up like this : Hostname: localhost Port: 3128 Enable Proxy on wifi: Yes (Or no, whatever you prefer) 
uninstall any other firefox app you have .
delete mnt/secure/asec/ smdl2tmd . asec
the exceptions coming from zip ( in the log extract ) indicate that the package is corrupt . this error could have been introduced by the download , or when the package file was generated . you could check for download errors by verifying the apk file 's sha-1 or md5 checksum against a checksum provided by the download site . obviously each site will have a different way of telling you the checksum . also , the method of verifying it is different depending on what os your pc runs : on linux it is as simple as running <code> md5sum file </code> or <code> sha1sum file </code> . note that this will not always be the case from the " application not installed " error message . as others have indicated , that message usually results from trying to install a package that already exists on the system , unless the new package has a newer version number and is signed by the same key .
i think this might be what you are looking for : meta widget : Create widgets from almost any website element websnap-web capture , web widget : take a snapshot of any web page or part of a page and display it on your Android home screen with a refresh interval of your choice feel free to search google play for related apps .
as geffchang has suggested , there are some widgets that can show a thumbnail/screenshot of the website , but it is not possible to have a fully working , interactive view like you get in a web browser . home screen widgets do not run like normal apps : instead , the widget provider tells the home screen app what layout the widget should have , from a set list of gui elements ( text , buttons , images , and c . ) . it is not possible to include a web browser view in that layout .
in the stock messaging app : settings-> multimedia message ( mms ) settings-> group messaging . when this is checked , it will send a single mms message to multiple people ( all within the group ) , like in examples 2/3 . when it is unchecked , it will send a message to each person in the group individually , like in example 1 . all incoming group messages will come in as a group message regardless of this setting . this setting simple controls how your messages are sent to a group . as far as i know , however , you are not able to do this on a per message basis .
for what adb backup does , you might wish to see our backup tag-wiki . basically , depending on the command line switches used , it backs up apps ( .apk ) and their data . as for the second part of your question , you might wish to see is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? yes , it is possible extracting parts of it , and yes , titanium backup is one of the apps capable of this . other ways are described in the linked question . also worth a look : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? partial adb restore backup and restore android settings and application through adb
as you have got your device with a contract , this added a special barrier to updates . short explanation how that goes : google ( or rather the aosp , android open source project ) releases a new android version . this is usually immediately available to nexus devices -- but . . . device manufacturers need to adapt it to their hardware ( drivers etc . ) and , in many cases , their special " skinning " ( htc sense , samsung tourchwiz , motorola blur , etc ) , which again at least delays availability of this update carriers using their special branding ( boot logo , special apps , and more ) so if there is a new android version released by the aosp does not necessarily mean it becomes available for all android devices . it might get stuck already in step 2 if a manufacturer decides to no longer support a device ( in your case that happened after the 2.3 release , so 2.3 is the latest " official version " available to the device ) -- and even if it passes this step , but you have got a branded device , it might get stuck in step 3 ( which most likely is what happened to you ) . the only way out if got stuck in steps 2 or 3 is checking for custom roms . as that " getting stuck " also affects developers , they often decide to build their own roms . many times this is done by porting a rom from compatible devices , adjusting the missing stuff ( or leaving some gaps , so there might be things not fully working , which then is pointed out in the instructions ) . so if you want to go the " do-it-yourself " way ( after having t-mobile unlocking the device , if needed ) , check how do i root my samsung galaxy s ? for how to root your sgs , and where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for fitting roms . the " how-to-flash " usually is described on the page you can download the rom from .
newton 's second law states that force = mass * acceleration . we can use this formula to solve for mass:: mass = force / acceleration . as such , we need a known force in order to take a measurement of acceleration to determine mass . hopping into the air is going to be a variable , instantaneous force . also , your legs are going to act like variable force springs to absorb your impact with the ground . all of these variables would really frustrate your attempt to get anything close to a valid mass reading . nasa has created device that uses the measurement of acceleration to determine mass for astronauts in space . the space linear acceleration mass measurement device ( slammd ) uses two springs to generate a known force on the subject and then reads the acceleration to determine mass . there is a nice video on youtube explaining how it works and providing a demonstration of the device in action .
try following the below steps on your device . these steps may vary slightly based on the android version you use but it may be similar in the settings ( i.e. . menu option may change ) . 1 . open up the menu . 2 . navigate to settings . 3 . open apps> all . 4 . scroll to the app android keyboard ( aosp ) . 5 . then choose clear data option . 6 . scroll to the user dictionary and do a simple force stop this is just a small bug in the android keyboard . note:-by doing these steps you will lose all the typed/saved words in the dictionary which you have entered apart from the standard words which remain the same .
try changing keyboard , go to the play store , download a keyboard , then go to settings and activate it and then you should be able to enter the pin
goto play store and download swift keyboard . now you should be able to reset it for sure .
as the factory-reset already correctly suggests , the description makes quite clear that such happened . a factory-reset " deletes " everything from your internal-storage -- that is , all the apps you have installed , all data , caches , etc . so nothing is left but what you have moved to sdcard/external storage . while there are possibilities to even recover deleted data ( usually via a nandroid backup or any other 1:1 copy of the entire file system and doing file carving ) , this is nothing easy and you must start the copy as soon as possible , before you do any other initialization ( which you already did ) . with every data change , chances to recover something get smaller . we have some questions/answers behind the data-recovery tag explaining this in more detail , see e.g. how can i recover a deleted file on android ? recover deleted content from userdata partition ? btw : with all other data on internal-storage , also the logs are gone for good -- which is a pity , as it would be very interesting to know what triggered an automatic factory-reset . the only thing coming to my mind is a remote-wipe , which might have been triggered either via your company ( if you are accessing their exchange server via active-sync , and thus accepted the corresponding device-administrator ) -- or the previous owner ( if any ) having set up some anti-theft app , and now pulled the trigger on you . . .
it did exist in an earlier version i was using late 2013 . . but as of the current release , the option has disappeared .
wikipedia mentions that this feature exists , but i can not seem to find it in either chrome nor in chrome beta .
the phone does not support reverse tethering by itself . you will need to have the phone rooted and then use an app to accomplish this . there is a trial version of such an app called reverse tether available in the play store . in case you did not know : reverse tethering is where you share the internet connection from your pc ( or other device ) to your phone , where tethering is where you share you phone 's internet connection to other devices .
the core android framework , the ui and lockscreen are all compiled into the framework-res . apk . so naturally messing with it and improperly modifying this will result in infinite boot loops , strange overall bugs and " wonkyness . " if you have the ability to flash new framework-res . apk , it means that you have a custom recovery and root access . so just flash roms that do not have carrier iq . these are usually builds built from aosp and cm as both of these code bases are given straight from google and are clean of any third party proprietary software like carrier iq .
applications purchased are tied to your amazon account . you can also tie multiple devices to your amazon account . however , every device must have the amazon appstore app installed on it and must be logged in to access the apps installed via the amazon appstore , which would give anyone with any of these devices the ability to purchase additional apps using your amazon account and it is payment information . so , as the amazon help describes it , it does look like it is possible . however , it also looks like a really bad idea unless you absolutely trust everyone who has each of these 10 devices .
yes , you can install all the apps you buy from the amazon appstore on any device which is linked to that amazon account . it operates just like paid apps in the android market which are available to all the devices associated with that particular google account . i have 3 android devices and all they are all linked to the same amazon account and the same google account and when i purchase an app through the market or the appstore i have it on all three devices .
the max is 25 . it'll tell you that your username or password is wrong if you try to auth any more . though it is pretty easy de-authing them from the amazon website found a source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-1315474.html
all account data on the phone is lost after a factory reset . perhaps you can use a different way to find that email address , however . did you ever send email from that account to one of your other email accounts ? what about to a friend or family member ? see if you can find one of those old messages . did you ever log into a google service using that account on a pc/mac browser ? if so , maybe you can find it in your browsing history or saved passwords . did you link that google account with any other online service ? did you create a google+ account with that address ? you might have if you ever wrote a review of an app in the google play store . try and find your google+ profile .
as geff described , you cannot avoid a wipe/factory-reset . but you can do a proper backup beforehand , so you can restore most of your data afterwards . this should work without any trouble for the apps you have installed yourself ( "user apps" ) , while special care must be taken for pre-installed apps ( "system apps" ) : as data structures ( inside their databases ) might have changed , a simple restore ( replacing the databases ) might break things and even render those apps unusable . provided your device is rooted , titanium backup is a good choice . backup all " user apps " and their data , plus the " system apps " and their data . special care on restore : " user apps " can be restored 1:1 . before goint to the " system apps " , make sure to turn on tb 's " migration " mode . then restore only data , and do so one-by-one , after each " data set " verifying there are no side-effects . an alternative to be named is helium backup , which even works on non-rooted devices . safest is to stick to your " user apps " , and let contacts etc . solve via sync . for several things like sms , there are special backup/restore solutions which you could use .
moving from stock rom to custom rom usually requires a wipe or a factory reset . otherwise , you will encounter force closes ( fcs ) , heat issues , and possibly other problems . in short , headaches . even upgrading from a cyanogenmod ( cm ) to a major cm version will require a wipe , especially if it contains a major android update . this is because the files / directories are now different ( layout-wise , etc ) . i am sure there are other reasons too . most , if not all , will also recommend you to do a wipe . this is the best way to ensure that the installation will be smooth . of course , you can still rely on google sync to ensure that your contacts ( and other syncable data ) can be restored .
head over to settings> application manager> soptify> clear the cache and the data stored .
here are the locations you can try to back up : however , if you are trying to install ics a complete wipe is most definitely required . generally , re-partitioning the internal memory should wipe its contents . i would try manually re-flashing recovery , wiping the device completely ( system , data , cache , and dalvik cache ) and re-flashing the rom . if you do manage to salvage any app data , i would highly recommend not restoring it on the new rom , as that can lead to problems , especially if you are backing up to fat/ntfs drive ( linux file permissions are lost . )
for using custom ringtones , i suggest rings extended app along with any file manager to browse the contents of your sd card . this will allow you to pick any supported sound file to be used as a ringtone in any app . in google+ app , go to menu -> settings . under " ringtone " you can select the wav file ( pick " rings extended " when prompted , and navigate to wherever you saved the file ) , and " notification settings " will give you finer control of which actions will trigger the notifications . i do not use facebook , but i imagine the app has similar controls in its settings .
based on my experience , gps always loses its accuracy after a few days . its data becomes stale . what i would normally do is : use fasterfix to make sure i am connecting to the ntp servers nearest me . refer to this xda list for suggested ntp servers . you can also use fastergps if you like ; i have no issues with either apps . use wireless networks ( wi-fi or mobile network ) to help fix my location . in my samsung galaxy s4 , this is in : System settings &gt; More &gt; Location services &gt; Use wireless networks . reset gps data with gps test plus ( or its free version ) . when you do this , make sure you are outside the building , where are are no obstructions ( trees , etc ) . after some time , i check google maps and see if my position has updated . more often than not , this will improve the accuracy of my gps location . when i notice that my position is off , i check those items i listed above . also , when you are inside buildings , do not expect to get an accurate reading , unless your phone has a really awesome ( i.e. . powerful ) gps .
nomoarpowah ! can boot the phone up based on your scheduled alarms , in time for them to ring . it only works on certain samsung devices .
never tried it myself , but maybe it helps : funambol wirelessly syncs contacts , calendars , email and pictures between mobile phones , pcs , tablets and connected devices via the cloud . they offer a ( free ) cloud service , or you can install the os-version yourself .
davical is a great calendar server , so if your phone supports ical , you might look at either hosting a local instance on the pc you want to sync with , or hosting it on a server or nas server you may/may not have ( i use my nas for this . ) . yahoo ! calendar is also great for syncing . i use it to sync with my fiance for our wedding planning : )
if you use a caldav server such as sogo or davical with lightning , you can then use caldav-sync on your android device to sync your calendars there as well . sogo also has carddav support , and carddav-sync will keep your contacts in sync as well .
so i was trying to do this with my outlook calendar ( at work ) . export a ics file to a dropbox folder use dropsync on android to keep the file in sync on the local sdcard use icssync to parse the ics file and add it to the native calendar app the above approach works for me , ofcourse you had have to find a way to schedule/automate the export of your calendar from your calendering app on ubuntu . for outlook , i am using outlook2ical .
it does not . if you do not change any settings , android will always do power management the same way . installing and removing apps can affect battery life since running processes may eat battery while your acreen is locked , and the like .
actually battery life can change and according to this post from htc it can even be improved by the steps outlined in the post .
i will agree with al everett and say that the amount of playing with the new toy is certainly a factor early on . i also did not notice any intrinsic changes in the systems battery management over time . i did however notice a massive increase in battery life by turning off auto-sync , and even mobile on occasion . with those two on , i would see a significant drop in battery when i slept overnight , but it does not budge with those two off . i use two power control widgets , the htc data dashboard and the android power control widget . between the two , it is a piece of cake to tweak power settings to make sure i get the most out of the battery .
bad news it seems . bug report on google code the most relevant post is this : yes . it is as design . " autoplay " is disabled for chrome for android it seems that android 4+ changed the requirements for the play() method to require user interaction . article on this issue it is worth nothing that many comments refer to getting it to work with a hack/workaround , only to find it works on some devices and not others . stack overflow question on the coding side . in this example the answer mentions : sample code that works on htc and samsung , but not galaxy nexus 4.1 ( requires user interaction to play ) this seems to suggest , even with a workaround you have no guarantee it will actually work on a particular device / version of android . apple have imposed the same restriction in safari and ios in general .
the theory i guess this very much depends on your device and the rom used . searching the net , i found people using different file systems on their sd-cards successfully : ntfs seems to work at least on a transformer , according to this post a post on xda mentions an app to be used with the samsung galaxy tab ( and s2 ) which made ntfs usage possible according to this german post , cyanogenmod supports extfs on sd-card different sources mention what sounds logical from the unix/linux standpoint : on a rooted device , you can format the sd-card with any file system supported , and adjust the fstab accordingly praxis : what does the playstore say ? so following that google-search of mine , i checked the playstore for hints -- as there was that mentioned app for ntfs in one of the threads . and indeedy , there were some reasonable findings : ntfs mounter ( requires root ) claims : automatically mount and dismount ntfs/fat/ext2/ext3/ext4 formated usb sticks , usb hdd , sd cards ntfssd ( root ) claims to be able to mount sd card using ntfs conclusion and final thoughts to sum up : if rooting your device is an option , above hints should offer you a selection of alternative file systems you could use on your sdcard . which of those might be your choice will probably depend on some additional thoughts -- such as other devices you want to use your sdcard on . if those include a windows system , you better stick with ntfs ( as windows is not easily convinced to read extfs ) . if not windows systems are involved , you are probably better off with one of the extfs versions .
you can try setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 in a terminal . this works on the htc dream ; can not say i have needed to do it on other phones , and i can not say if it needs root or not ( the exploit on the dream runs that command as root , so it is completely possible you need root first . ) see this question here for other ideas : broken screen , can&#39 ; t adb
recovery mode is not available on the stock lg gt540 . in order to flash a different rom , you will need to first flash a rom that has " fastboot " enabled via software updater utility kdz , as described in this guide : download and install lg 's windows drivers for your phone , and make sure your computer recognizes the phone when you connect it via usb . download the kdz updater and fastboot binary from here and extract them . latest msxml package is required for kdz to work , so download it directly from microsoft and install it on your pc . download the rom with fastboot enabled from here . save the " . kdz " files somewhere on your pc ( e . g . on the C:\ drive . ) on your phone enable usb debugging by going to menu -> settings -> applications -> development and make sure the USB Debugging option is checked . connect the phone to pc via usb cable . when prompted , do not activate the mass storage . launch the kdz updater , change “type” a “3gqct” and “phonemode” “diag” . click the " browse icon next to " kdz file " option , browse to wherever you saved the v20a_00 . kdz , and click open . click the Launch software update button and ( patiently ) wait for the process to complete . this can take up to 15 minutes . the phone will reboot when the update is completed . repeat steps 5 through 8 , but this time around select the romfastboot.kdz file . turn off your phone , press and hold the camera and power buttons together , and release when the screen 's backlight turns on . connect the phone to your pc . you can now use the fastboot module to install a different recovery image ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) and a different rom ( e . g . cyanogenmod 7 . )
i use mantano reader for this purpose , it is quite a powerful app . give it a try and you will like it !
please , give more details . have you saw twitter and facebook messages in the friendstream before ? i have the same phone . did you try to take a look at the " menu-> settings-> show updates " in the friendstream application ? there are checkmarks for every stream-source .
this is a function of your dialer and contact-saving/editing application . various roms use various applications ( be it aosp dialer , motoblur , sense , touch wiz , etc . ) . you can install third-party dialers . i have never used it but this dialer supposedly supports what you are asking for . i suggest you browse around the market for third-party dialers .
i agree that this would be a great idea , but sadly was not implemented for security and carier locking 's sake . but do note that most phones have almost the same functionalty . samsung download mode with odin does pretty much what you want it to do ( flash an image directly to the flash device ) and it is very hard to break download mode . it is very much like on the computer : if the bios is still working you can boot from a cd and restore an image , here the bootloader is a sort of bios and if it works you can flash an image . if you flashed a custom non compatible bios on your computer you could just as well " brick " a pc . if you avoid touching the bootloader on an android device you will not brick it , and even then some devices have " usb jig"s that will force restore the bootloader back . why people are so much more reckless on their phones than on their pc is beyond me . i think the idea is good but there really is no need for this right now , beacuse in practice the restore options and real " hard brick " possibilities are almost identical to the pc world and noone is complaining about pcs . people just need to be more carefull .
the only reason you need to root phones in the first place is that the manufacturer has tried to prevent software choice on the phone platform . the pc design is pretty unique in that it has had a choice of software platform for so long that it is an ingrained feature , although with secure boot on windows 8 devices this is likely on the way out .
the root filesystem of a typical android device can not be mounted because there is no way to interface to it in order to mount it . the root filesytem is typically stored in flash chips soldered to the phone 's board . when the phone boots , it runs a boot loader ( also out of flash ) that does not provide any option to run user-supplied software . the flash is software locked from modification , and the boot loader provides no " unlock " option . the usb port is connected to the cpu , and there is no way to get the cpu to let you run code that mounts the root filesystem . code loaded by the boot loader will only give you limited access that does not include raw read/write to the flash device . thus it is necessary to find some way to break this security chain in order to modify the root filesystem . there are two reasons for this craziness . the primary reason is permit the sale of subsidized phones tied to a single carrier . the secondary reason is to make android devices more reliable because a user can not , either intentionally or through inadvertent malware triggering , corrupt the device to the point where it can not recover .
you can not mount them because there has to be some software to communicate between the phone and your computer . with the phone the full software stack needs to be involved as it needs to take into account what happens when you mount the device when it is running . also there are often multiple partitions on the phones , a raw mount would show up all the raw system files in the computer 's file manager which would be bad and things like windows would probably try and format the linux partitions as it can not understand them . on newer devices you can not even do a normal usb storage mount but you have to use mtp as they use internal storage which still needs to be accessible while mounted . technically it would be possible for them to make some kind of failsafe raw mount mode when it is plugged in while powered off ( or started with some button held down ) , but they have not , they do provide other methods of recovery instead . also the firmware generally needs to be installed somehow , there are scripts and so on that run to set up things . if you have totally bricked the phone then there is not much you can do . but having said that flashing modern android phones is not too risky and actually bricking it is hard . firstly there are actually several images that can be flashed : boot loader ( hboot ) radio firmware recovery firmware rom firmware older devices did have some issue when flashing radio/boot . specifically if you flashed them in the incorrect order and had mismatched versions you could actually brick the phone . but i believe that is mostly a problem with first/second generation android phones , i have not seen it being an issue on newer phones ( also you probably should not flash a radio of a different region as you might lose special features , like the ' hd voice ' for australians ) . now days , in order to actually brick your device you would have to be totally unable to enter hboot , recovery and the main rom . if you can enter any of those it should be possible to flash firmware from them ( although in some cases they might have security enabled meaning you are limited to flash the official stock images , but you can generally break out of them and flash whatever you want ) . hboot allows for fastboot flashing . recovery and the main rom both have the flashing binary in them . finally if you did totally manage to brick it , you can look at using jtag to reverse it . that probably does require soldering a cable onto the phones mobo though as well as a ( cheap ) cable . and some knowhow .
you can do it according to this post on xda : make a file called 99applock . txt insert code below and put you messaging service in where it says ppid ( that usually can be found in data/data if your using aftermakrket sms app ) remove the . txt extension and put file in ect/init . d and just give it 777 permissions , it works for me .  #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.your.app) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj renice -18 $PPID 
mhl compatibility on a tv only means that it will supply sufficient power ( 500ma , 900ma , or 2000ma , depending on which version of the mhl spec it is compatible with ) through the hdmi port to power the adapter and charge the phone . an mhl adapter will work just fine with a non-mhl tv . you just need to supply your own power from a regular charger . this is what the female microusb port on the mhl-to-hdmi adapters is for . you plug the charger into that , plug the hdmi cable into the tv , and mhl cable into the phone and you are off to the races . not all phones support mhl however , the nexus 4 in the question supports slimport instead .
its called a micro usb to hdmi adapter .
i have used bootmanager on my nexus s without issue and i believe that you will be able to wipe the system , data and cache of your second slot without it affecting the original rom . but this will be easy for you to test : make a nandroid backup of your phone . always make a nandroid backup ! once this is done you can go crazy and try installing miui but make sure you install gapps too ( or the miui equivilent - sorry i am woefully inexperienced with miui but i would imagine they also did not distr the google apps with the rom ) - ( the last time i installed a rom using rom manager i needed to hunt out a different version of gapps than the ones that come with cm or aokp - something to do with these version being scripted as opposed to just flat apks ) . you need to install gapps as you will need to have the market to install bootmanager again in order to change roms . there is a way of doing this manually through the shell and fastbook , but it is not fun . if anything messes up then restore your nandroid backup and you are back to where you started . have fun : )
questions for you : did you install an app recently ? what app did you last install ? how long was that going on for ? have you checked with your sprint provider ? you are not getting charged for those incoming messages ? it sounds like mal-ware , but do not wish to raise alarm nor fear in you , but by answering my questions above to ascertain it . quite possibly , it sounds like a scam , if you were to reply innocently like " who are you ? " you could be charged premium rates for sending it . as for the gibberish , its likely in a language that is not recognized by your handset hence the font shows the " gibberish " character as a result . if all else fails , try a factory reset the handset at last resort . edit : based on your edit , it sounds like its stopped for a good while due to perhaps its hit the threshold limit of how many sms to be stored , then when you went to delete them , more kept coming in . the apps do seem legit . . btw : ) would you not suggest try this , download this app called ' history eraser ' from google play , to wipe out the history of the sms , just that specifically alone , and nothing else . see if that helps . if more are still coming in , then i hate saying this , factory reset the handset to clear out whatever it is that is causing the jam .
try this , it is worked for me so far : go into messaging settings and uncheck automatically retrieve mms . now delete the conversation ; i have not had any problems since .
os : win 8.1 x64 with latest updates . phone : samsung galaxy s3 ( gt-i9300 ) . i got it working without manually installing any driver . when i plugged my phone in the computer it automatically installed the driver for me . after that i didnt see any popup . what you need to do is leave the phone plugged in your pc/laptop while restarting the phone ( do not be to hasty here , give the phone some time to boot up completely ) . after that go to control panel > hardware and sound > devices and printers . in here look for the multimedia tab and you should see your phone ( gt-i9300 ) . right click on it and you should see the menu browse files > gt-9300 . voila you are in your phone . after that you do not even need to repeat the steps before again , because the popup suddenly comes back ( do not switch to another usb port here , just keep using the port where you performed your phone reboot ) . incase you accidentally plugged your phone in another usb port you need to repeat the steps above . thats how i got mine working . i hope it helps you !
you can manually update your phone by downloading the update . zip file for 2.2 , putting it in the root of your sd card and applying the update in the recovery during boot up . see detailed instructions here .
dns can be changed with apps like " set dns " and with the setprop command , however all fail on kitkat to modify resolvers only in case they were set by the mobile carrier . an simple solutions was given at : how to change mobile connections&#39 ; s dns on android kitkat ? ( in brief : put imgur 's ip 's in /etc/hosts ) it will work , but myself , i am still hunting a way to modify the carrier 's resolvers .
this was solved by going into /data/data/ and finding the appropriate folder belonging to the failing app . i found one with " swiftkey " in the name , deleted it , and following that the update worked just fine . most likely , the app installation was failing in the background with INSTALL_FAILED_UID_CHANGED due to the app being restored with titaniumbackup , as detailed in this answer . so , in short , this seems to be an error caused by the uid changing between installs and google play throwing a fit , and it is solved by making sure app data is removed .
delete the application from your device you are installed the same application in your device , after that you are trying to install the same application from android market please delete the pre-installed application from your device , then try to download from playstore , it will work 100% alternate scenario is : please change the package name of the application , your application will work fine .
first you need to have rsd lite installed . do a google search and look for either 4.9 or above . then you need to go to motorola 's site and install the drivers needed . find an sbf file that will work for you , likely it will need to be a 2.2 file . best thing to do is keep trying until you find one that works . boot your phone in bootloader mode ( volume up button ) and if you get a message about a low battery you will need to find a way to charge up the phone . go to the xda developers forum and search for mcgyver battery fix . ( you can also find sbf files there ) if rsd lite recognizes your phone flash the sbf file and let it do it is thing . more detailed instructions can be found on xda as well , but that is the jist of what you need to do .
@npinti i also faced same issue , now i recovered from that . i will give you the details how to recover from this situation . steps : it is a good thing you are able to run the Zip from the boot menu , first of all go to the link and download the official jordan cyanogen build ( zip file/ installation steps also given there ) . place the Zip file in memory card and boot your mobile . now go to boot menu--> recovery --> custom recovery --> update/install from zip . then select the Zip file and click on install/update . then it will do installation of the Zip file and give the result as completed , then click on Reboot System . that is it ! now you will be able to boot from new os of Cyanogen Mod , it is very nice to use . . if there is any problem you can contact the xda forum or reply here .
this might work since i have had success in installing play services in one of my devices . go to the google play link of the play services app and install the app to your device of choice .
just open up your play store and search for the play services i know reviews are bad , but if you need it you have to download that thing .
clicking on the notification that says that you need to install or update google play services opens up the play store with google play services as selected app . from here , you can install/update google play services .
i have a brand new google nexus 7 ( 2013 ) lte tablet , bought directly at a computer shop ( no carrier-related ) and i can confirm , that it comes with tethering and hotspot option available by the default .
disclaimer : i do not own a nexus . so the answer does come from internet sources ( xda ) . as per this thread these are some of the responses from the owners which indicates that the portable wi-fi hotspot settings is indeed present in the settings . the option for hotspot tether is there both before and after the system update . nexus 7 fhd lte with t-mobile sim has tethering and hotspot available but not with newly activated at and t data plan sim . the tethering feature disappeared in setting . when i re-insert t-mobile sim that comes with the tablet , the mobile hotspot is available again in the settings . so , it is safe to assume , only if your carrier allows tethering or you have a tethering plan the option will appear in the settings menu .
i edit my post to tell you no it is not english , i agree i was not way clear , but remember im tryin to help here so be polite well you know the apple charger you need like this one and you use it with a usb cable that you use to to coonect your phone to a pc and it ll work the issue is the hole in your phone get bigger than the charger thats why it works only with a usb cable
i tried to do a factory reset and it worked .
it sounds similar to a problem i had with a nexus 7 ( 2012 ) . i could get it charging by connecting it up to charge then rapidly plugging in and unplugging the usb cable from the power brick ( not the phone ) . this usually allowed it to charge although slower than it should . i called google and they said it needed replacing . in the eu we have directive 1999/44/ec that allows phone replacements for 2 years . a factory reset did not solve the problem . you could try different leads and open the contacts on the phone . an apple power brick worked best for me . unfortunately it appears to be a hardware fault . good luck .
there are a few things that could be happening here : it could be that the charger is not powerful enough ( either something happened to it or it never was ) . this means that although charge is going into your phone the phone is using it too fast to add any battery life . to see if this is the case try to charge your phone when it is off or in airplane mode . a software issue could be causing the charging circuit to disengage due to excess charge ( this is pretty much a guess ) . the battery level on the phone ( or charging symbol ) may not be accurate and therefore not give an accurate representation of charging . to test this see if the phone gains actual usable charge when plugged in ( leave it overnight starting at close to 0% and if it makes the night your all good ) . hope this helps . [ edit ] looking at your cpu monitor i have a few more suggestions that might help ( more in diagnosing than anything ) . attempt to connect your phone via adb and access your phone via adb shell ( there should be some tutorials around the web which i may post later ) . then use the " top " command to view all running processes . identify the offending process ( it should have a high cpu load and be named system_server ) get the pid of the process and run the command : " kill pid " with pid being the pid of the process . see if this fixes the issue . let me know what happens or if you run into any issues ( i really want to figure this out now ) .
the binaries should still be there so just install it again . updates sometimes make the icon vanish , but it is still there . do you have the apk file anywhere or is it purchased ?
if you see it in applications but not in the app drawer just reinstall it from the playstore . also make sure your launcher is not hiding the app icon , which is a possibility depending on what launcher you use . also in the supersu app under customizations launch icon , there is a setting to hide the icon . if you want to make sure the binaries are still there you can always check easily with an app called root verifier .
outside of email and the browser , you can only copy text from editable text fields , so you can not directly copy text from other people 's tweets in the twitter app . workaround : install copy to clipboard from the market . this integrates with the ' share ' menu . by sharing a tweet to this app it will copy the text to you clipboard .
there is a flag that people can set on their youtube videos to allow or disallow those videos to be played on a mobile device . what you are seeing when you try to access those videos is that the person has set the flag to ' disallow ' .
update : it was indeed rom toolbox , but the free version did not have those options . the pro version was the version that displayed and unlocked these features .
lastpass works , but is quite annoying to use . ( it is still better than nothing , though ) . in case you did not know , chrome for android will sync with chrome for desktop .
you may have a bad sd card , try a new one ( they are cheap anyway ) . the md5 sums are generally computed after the backup has been done ( assuming everything went fine ) . i.e. the process up to cwm 5 . x is ( cwm 6 . x is different due to dedupcication ) : cwm generates a backup and stores it then md5sums of all of the above files are computed the md5sums are also stored in a single file the hard work is all done in ( 1 ) , steps 2/3 are just a single md5sum computation per file and a final store of those in another file . if the md5sums mismatch the backup files there must be a problem with your storage eventually ( most probably ) . what is also possible : do not rip out the battery and reboot , use cwm 's reboot option ( files may have not been written do disk fully yet ) .
check that flight mode is not swithed on . this mode will disable any network ( wi-fi , cellular network , etc ) . else , go to menu | settings | more settings | mobile networks | network operators ( note : your menu options might be different due to the android version installed on your s3 ) and reconnect to your telecommunication provider 's cellular network . note : you may need to select your telco provider 's name when your s3 displayed a list of cellular providers . also , shutdown your s3 . then , take the battery out for 30 minutes . reinsert the battery . boot up your s3 and turn on mobile network option and see if 3g/4g has been restored . worst case , it could be an android firmware 's update that is causing the s3 to fail to connect to any cellular network .
samsung phones usually take a while to switch on data . wait for few seconds . also try a reboot , that resolves the issue most times .
bearing in mind i am using cyanogenmod6 + google apps your mileage may vary - but i can access my my maps as follows : open google maps ( the application , not the full site ) click menu select layers select more layers select my maps and your maps should be displayed job done [ edit ] looks like i would installed the wrong google apps package when i flash my rom last night , ( tiny instead of medium ) , and the updated version has the layers button up next to the search bar - so i do not need to open the menu ( step 2 ) anymore .
you can use the official ' google maps ' app to view your collections . if you click on the ' pin ' next to the search box to bring up the places screen , then press ' menu ' , you will see an option for ' my maps ' so you can access any of your previously created collections . google maps app -> pin button ( next to search box ) -> menu key -> ' my maps ' link to google maps just in case you do not have it installed ( alternatively , you can skip a couple of steps by opening google maps using the ' places ' shortcut , which takes you directly to the places screen , from where you can press the menu button , then select ' my maps' )
the force stop button is only applicable to apps which are currently actually running . in general , android apps will stay in an idle state on the assumption that you might want to switch back to them soon , but the os will kill apps you have not used for a while as it gets short on memory . some apps also have an actual " exit " option , of course . so , are you sure the app you are trying to force stop is actually running ? in your applications settings , there should be a " running " tab , which should show all of the apps currently running on your device . alternatively there are apps in the market that can show you what is currently going on on your device . i use " os monitor " but i am sure there are others .
the most obvious explanation is that the file is incomplete : there is only a small fraction of the file there , or only the first section of the file is readable . given that the symptoms you report in your other question point to sd card failure , that seems the most likely cause for this too . if this is a different sd card , it could be that the card itself is not at fault : rather , whatever you are using to copy files to the card could be corrupting the filesystem , or a dodgy usb connection to a card reader could be interrupting file transfers .
an incomplete song play is mostly due to the corrupt file which you have downloaded . although it may show around 7mb for a file but if the file is corrupt then it will not play any part of it or in some cases just plays the start and skips to the next . what exactly a corrupt file is a corrupt mp3 file means that some audio bits and tunes are missing or contain some bug . the mp3 player usually plays these bits if all are there in the proper order . if some bit of data is missing then it simply skips to the next track . the corruption of the file can be judged by the amount of file is playable . if you can only play the start then the whole mp3 is corrupt . it is waste of trying because some times you could get only till the middle and later by default it skips . detect a corrupted mp3 or mp4 file : - the best way to check a corrupted file is to do a simple fast forward ( do not do a 4x fast forward for you will not know when the file is fast forwarded very fast ) till the end of the file . in fast forward it will skip to the next available data point . as you are able to only fast forward till the middle then the remaining portion of the file is missing/corrupt . if fast forward jumps directly to the last then the whole song is corrupt and needs to be deleted . for an mp4 file when the video turns pixelated during a fast forward instead of the smooth audio/video then that video is corrupt . a complete video plays the audio and video with ease even if you fast forward . let the file be partially or completely corrupt you have to delete it because corrupt file will never play completely . how to avoid a corrupt file 1 ) always download files from a reputable source . some sites do not have proper files to which many fall trap to . if you download from good sources then you will not have that issue at all . ( my suggestion is to avoid using free downloads as far as possible as it is against the law-piracy issues and also you got cheap audio with these kind of issues ) 2 ) there are some download managers which check for the link , file before download . if the link or file is missing/corrupt then you can avoid this issue .
i had this problem . the song worked fine in itunes , but not in google music . the song has an audio glitch in it from recording it from a burned cd , and that is around the spot where the song skips . it is not the mp3 or the song ; it is something about google music does not like the song . my work around : i made an aac version in itunes , uploaded that , and it worked . so my original mp3 must have been glitchy .
first of all remove the sd card/ make a factory reset ( reset internal storage ) try installing the applications , if it ok , then scan the sd card and use . secondly , try re-install the os flash with your stock firmware . it will solve the issue .
you probably have the htc sense calendar , which is different from the regular calendar . to replace it : root your phone . use a file manager like root explorer to back up any files you replace and to copy in new ones . you will need to browse to /system/app and mount it as r/w . use an aosp ( android-open-source-project ) calendar like this one from xda ( has instructions ) . it is for 2.1 , it might work for 2.2 but if not just search xda for another .
since the issue started when you first flashed cm11 m6 , and you have stated that you have performed a wipe and re-install of cm11 m6 , have you tried wiping and reverting back to an older version of cm from before you started having issues ?
i ran a release under an emulator , and it struggled on my machine , as a guide , 2.3.1 is a tab slow on the emu but usable . honeyc is practically unusable on the emu , and seem to display many issues . this could all be down to the development stage of the code though
it is a short term fork to get ahead in the tablet market . there is a future release planned merging them back together into what is called the android icecream sandwitch . refer wikipedia - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android_(operating_system )
there is no reason to believe that honeycomb is just for tablets . it is been designed with large screens in mind , but on the developer side of the documentation there is clear indication that it is for all screen sizes : android 3.0 brings a new ui designed for tablets and other larger screen devices , but it also is fully compatible with applications developed for earlier versions of the platform , or for smaller screen sizes . source : http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-3.0-highlights.html#compatibility my emphasis .
it was mentioned on twig last week , and there is a handful of photos floating around the net , but when the recently released honeycomb source is put on a device with phone 's resolution/screensize it changes to a much more familiar and small screen friendly phone-style ui . see it in this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lmcbo7ukkw so it looks like honeycomb is the first version specifically designed with tablets in mind , but it still retains all of the phone friendly features and swaps between them depending on the settings/screen size .
yes , that is what it looks like . the ui does not seem like it will work on the smaller devices like phones . we will probably see 3.0 iterations for tablets and 2 . x / 4 . x for phones . i do not like that this is like a fork . hopefully they can merge it together for 3.1 and just have a different launcher for tablets .
i do not think a formal announcement has been made , but while google 's youtube video about honeycomb said it was " entirely for tablets " [ 1 ] , it has been confirmed multiple times that it is for other devices as well [ 2 ] .
i think the conventional wisdom is that honeycomb is a fork for tablets only but this post suggests otherwise . it says that in an interview with engadget , matias duarte claimed that honeycomb would be for all form factors .
solutions ( though not the reason behind ) are explained e.g. on appslova . com . taking a look at them , those are more or less the " generic google play solutions": method 1 go to settings→apps , select “all” tab find google play store , open its entry , clear data and cache find google service framework , do the same now restart google play store and try to download/update the app or games method 2 open google play store go to settings→accounts , choose account or add new account now try to download or install the app or game method 3 go to settings→accounts→google , remove your gmail account from settings→apps→all : force stop , clear data and cache for google play store , google service framework and download manager ( like in method 1 ) again , go to settings→accounts→google , add your gmail account restart your android and then accept all the google terms and setup google settings run google play store and update or install your app . some more hints are to be found in google 's product " forum " . reasons here were e.g. storage full : clean up , delete stuff , try again , worked . find a bunch more hints , all on the first result page to a google search on " google-play error 498" : )
make sure you are using the latest samsung drivers . uninstall all previous samsung drivers , and try to use a lower windows version like w7 . w8.1 is still full of weirdness , especially when mixing 32bit and 64bit software .
rovio now offers rovio account for their games on ios and android . they describe it thus : rovio account lets you store your game progress and continue playing on another device . as of this writing , only the croods and the original angry birds use rovio accounts , but i expect the other games in their stable to follow along fairly quickly . this is not related to the just-announced google play games , which is a general platform for android .
there are a few other options out there such as swarm ( aka swarmconnect ) that have similar functionality ( leaderboards , achievements , etc . ) for android games . on android it often comes down to developer preference .
android as a platform does not have any equivalent to gamecenter currently . some android games use openfeint for leaderboards and achievements , but it is not an official standard of any kind and it is not implemented in the angry birds games specifically . other games choose to implement their own leaderboard systems ( pewpew does this , for example ) .
there are a number of factors that determine if a video will play on android : it has to be the correct codec - see this list it has to either be small enough to download entirely before playing or be encoded in a form that allows streaming . chances are the problem you are seeing is that the codec the videos are encoded in is not supported , so yes , re-encoding with ffmpeg or mencoder or something similar into one of the supported video codecs may well work . to enable streaming , if you first encode it as an mp4 file then pass it through something like mp4box it will tag it for streaming so yuo can play longer video clips on android .
i just saw this article today and thought it would be helpful here . it lists 8 of the best video players for android according to makeuseof.com. liori 's answer is also a good one .
you can find a video player that uses ffmpeg itself to play on android . examples were given in answers to this question : state of vlc for android / media player that plays avi files
though i would not usually recommend device specific websites but since i am not a one xl user i cannot verify its authenticity . next time when you ask questions about custom roms please mention whether you are already rooted , locked or unlocked bootloader ( htcdev . com only unlocks your bootloader without giving you s-off ) . try this to just get an idea of one of the methods to install a rom . http://onexroot.com/one-x-roms/how-to-install-custom-rom-on-rooted-att-htc-one-xxl/ goomanager is a service used by developers to upload their roms into one location and users can check for available newer versions of existing roms . follow the regular clockworkmod / twrp procedures to flash your rom . you can always copy roms that you downloaded with your computer onto your phone .
you do not have to use shift , if you hold down the ' m ' key for a longer time it will insert its alt key , a question mark .
the fastest way i have found is to actually swipe from the " m/ ? " or " z/ ! " keys directly to the space bar . that'll insert a punctuation mark and then a space . in the same fashion , you can insert a period or a comma . the other similar shortcut i use creates an " 's " by swiping from the apostrophe to the " s " . some similar suggestions can be found in swype 's online reference , specifically in the " swype gestures " section of http://www.swype.com/tips/advanced-tips/.
have a look at the following issue with the apps that are installed on sd card after reinserting the sd card i was one of the hard user of link2sd application . what i observed from this app is that you should not remove your sd card once you have applications on your sd card . while phone booting some of the applications gets initialized . if the phone system does not find the sd card and its applications then it is going to break the link between the sd card applications and the system . you might be seeing those applications on Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications but they will not be accessible . to answer your question there might be a way but not known to all . you can mail the developer of link2sd mentioning the issue . they might give you a solution .
i think the method to restore it depends on the version of android you are using but try holding down on an empty section of the home screen till a menu pops up and select Widgets and then you want the one that ( on my phone ) is called Power Control . just hold your finger on it and drag it where you want it on the screen . if Widgets is not in the menu that pops up when you hold down on the screen then go to the main app drawer ( where all of your apps are listed ) and at the top select the Widgets tab and scroll along to Power Control before dragging and dropping it where you want .
if your device is android 4.0+ and rooted , try " greenify " which i developed . you can safely hibernate any app you do not want it to run stealthily ( thus eat your memory , battery and slow down your device ) when you are not actively using it , while still keep it fully functional when you explictly run it , either from launcher or by sharing anything with it . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oasisfeng.greenify
you can never " choose " per-se an app and dictate that the app will have that guaranteed amount of memory . sure , google maps consume space , but that is for the actual application , does not mean its hogging up memory , android is pretty smart when it comes to memory management . when you long press the home key , it shows the recent apps list , that does not mean they are all loaded at the same time . android keeps track of which activities was shown and if necessary load them again , and once the pressure of ram space hits a certain threshold , android will boot them out to make room for other apps . you cannot override android 's dictation of how and what application should be in ram , just by a user 's presumption that " this certain app should be there in memory and has guaranteed x amount of ram , because i want it to " android is not windows , where their task manager is available at all times via ctrl + alt + del and zap away processes to " free up memory " . . that mantra should be firmly repeated ad-nauseum ! : ) as ryan conrad 's statement in the comment , from the discussion arising out of the likes of ram boosters , task killers et al , this statement sums up exactly why the apps mentioned can have a negative effect on the battery , not to mention introducing instabilities into the system - it is cpu cycles that you should be more worried about than memory . word cpu cycles drains the battery regardless and as the commentator says free memory is wasted memory . let the os handle it . it is better at doing it . it knows what memory can be freed safely without causing additional strain and drain on the device simples really : )
you can try smart ram booster : most of android devices bundle with limited memory . android task manager will selectively kill low priority tasks in order to reserve memory to higher priority task . that’s not always run at an appropriate time , causing low responsive apps , lagging , especially when you launch a new app after heavily browsing web pages . it causes a worse experience . how ram booster works ram booster is designed to overcome these issues by selectively kill less important apps that are running in the background but consumes considerable device’s memory . ram booster comes with auto-boost in 4 levels : aggressive , strong , medium , gentle .
there is no hardware accelerated pdf reader for android at the time i am writing this ( correct/edit me if i am wrong ) . as kernal already sad , the performance depends on your phone . you could try to downsize the images in the pdfs for better performance on your android device .
it seems like the better choice is ezpdf reader . it is a paid app , but the screenshots look just great ! remember the performance depends on which phone do you have . . . :-/
starting with android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , google introduced hardware accelerated 2d rendering pipeline . for now it is a tablet-only feature , but hopefully we will get that in the unified ice cream sandwich platform . that should be a bit with that slowness issue with pdf readers since they are only able to do software rendering in gingerbread and older .
you could try flashing a custom kernel with voodoo sound . i do not know if it changes the volume increment but it may provide better values for those increments , and certainly a much better sound experience overall .
the situation seems to be improved in the android 2.2 update .
no , rooting your phone will not let you use it on other carriers . if you have a good standing account with tmobile , and i believe you have to have been a customer for like 9 months ( or something like that ) , you can call them and tell they you are going out of the country and want to be able to use an international sim card . they will give you the code you need to unlock your phone so you can use it on other carriers . you will not get 3g data speeds unless the carrier uses the same bands that tmobile does . for example , at and t does not use the same bands , so you will only get edge .
i would assume it is related to battery stats . if they got screwed up then the phone can think it is drained when it is full and tries to charge ( creating the heat ) . a series of full drains and charges should help , especially if the stats are cleared first . you should be able to do this from clockworkmod recovery if you have it .
i do not think it is your charger ( though you should try another just to discount this ) . i think it is a problem with the phone . my sgs2 is incredibly slow to charge , and sometimes even seems to lose a few % while charging if i actually use the phone . it also gets very hot ( i dropped a temp widget on it and the highest record temp so far is 120f ) . try turning radios off but leave the phone on and see if your charge time improves . i would do them one at a time to see which one is actually the problem child . i have not exactly isolated mine , but personally i think it is the hspa+ .
this happens to me as well and i am glad that i have found a thread related to it . yes , the phone stop charging sometimes and then it will make the battery very hot . if you still charge it and somehow reached 100% , your battery will drain really fast . let me share you guys what i did and actually made my battery last longer . when i noticed that the battery dropped from 100% to 95% in 3 minutes without doing anything , i waited until it reach 85% then turned the phone off . i charged it again up to a 100% ( it actually took a long time again to charge it to 100% ) and after that , my battery is performing a lot better . 12hours and it was just down to 75% with browsing , games and stuff , so this is the trick that i do whenever i encounter this issue . : )
try factory reset . my phone had this issue as well . after a factory reset it worked fine . but be sure you back up all the important data first .
go to this xda-developers thread and follow the instructions . you have to download an apk from there and install it as a system app . [ how-to ] disable ota updates on stock + rooted roms - xda-developers
google maps needs the correct version of gapps to work . download the gapps and install it from recovery
maybe you just unchecked some/all contact sources from showing up in the contact list ? open the contact list -> open the context menu -> hit ' more ' -> choose view settings
maybe your contacts have been swallowed by your google account and are no longer phone-only contacts . if that is the case you can get your contacts back in the " display options " inside your contacts/phone app . just choose to display google contacts and see if they are there . and , to open a . db file ( an sqlite database ) you need the proper software ( maybe a market app ? ) , some of them are free and easy to use , but i warn you , contacts . db is ugly as hell .
from android play store , you can use astri-bee ( full version ) : support for epub3 ebooks , e.g. the rtl epub books which is generally not available for reading in most of the epub readers but a basic feature of epub3 ebooks , also javascript within epub ebooks is enabled . also support pdf , txt , html formatted ebooks . support for audio and video content within the epub ebooks , again , this is just a basic feature of epub3 ebooks , but we also extend the support of multimedia to epub2 ebooks using the adobe flash plugin ( requiring that the adobe flash preinstalled on your device ) i have highlighted what concerns your question . ps : appears to be a " young app " . . . only one revision .
from the description in the market , take a look @ himawari - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.green_fld.himawari although the reviews are not altogether too favourable . also , ibis reader has recently introduced the epub3 format into its reader - http://epub3.ibisreader.com/
please check out gyan epub reader . it is a fully compliant epub3 reader with audio and video support . no adobe plugins are required . it renders maths equations , svg animations and has a read-aloud feature .
kobo seems to be your best bet , and gyan looks like it could work too . here 's a couple others , but they are low-rated or in beta , so use at your own risk . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vitalsource.bookshelf https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.easyaccess.epubreader source : http://www.mathjax.org/resources/epub-readers/
skyepub definitely supports epub3 ( audio/video media overlay functions ) see this link enter link description here
you sure can ! sony introduced this in 4.2.2 . for the sony-xperia-z sony have introduced native dualshock 3 support this software functionality was spied in the upcoming sony xperia sp ( c530x ) settings menu ( settings > xperia ) . from here you will find a ‘dualshock 3 wireless controller’ menu option . you then need to connect the controller to your phone via an usb-otg cable . once this is done , you can remove the cable and the phone and controller will now be connected via bluetooth . here is a youtube guide on just this wirelessly : 3g uk also have a guide posted on how to do this using usb otg , and here is an extract : how do you connect the dualshock controller ? connecting your controller to your sony xperia devices does not involve rooting your device or anything complex . however , there are some things you will need two things before you can begin : •usb otg ( on the go ) adapter - an inexpensive cable which enables you to connect usb devices to your sony xperia device ( £2.68 on amazon ) . •the charging cable that came with your ps3 dualshock controller then follow the 4 simple steps below : step 1 - connect the " charging cable " to your ps3 dualshock controller and plug the other end into the usb otg adapter . step 2 - plug the usb otg cable into the micro-usb port on your sony xperia smartphone/tablet . step 3 - open up " settings " on your xperia device and navigate to the " xperia " menu ( listed under the device section ) step 4 - select the " dualshock wireless controller " app and follow the on-screen prompts . this artilce is for the coders and programmers and has details on how to implement in your own game . not exactly what you asked , but may be of interest to some !
i found the solution : if you use two different servers for mail and tine20 , you need to use the mail address if you create the exchange connection on the android device . the automatic set up will fail , and in the advanced settings you can enter the name of the tine20 server . if you use the tine20 login on the first screen , the stock mail app will add a reply-to header to the tine20 server . and that is not valid , if you run two servers .
when you invoke the adb backup command , this is the screen popping up on your device : the button you would need to hit is " back up my data " . so after invoking the command , wait for 3 . . 5 seconds to be sure the screen is " loaded " , then hit the area on the lower-right where the button should be . the backup process then should start immediately . even if you see nothing happen , give it another 30s or so , then check ( from a different terminal/command shell ) ; you should see your backup file growing then .
i installed xprivacy on my rooted device and disallowed the app "10003 contacts " all privileges but some : contacts-> " contacts/contacts " contactsprovider2 android . intent . action . view that seems to be the only needed privileges
you can delete your whatsapp account through the following steps . open whatsapp . press the [ menu button ] => settings => account => [ delete my account ] . enter your phone number in the full international format and tap [ delete my account ] . please keep in mind that deleting your account is an irreversible process , we cannot undo a deletion if you complete the process by accident . goto whatsapp faq for more infomation
possibility 1 ( worst case scenario ) - since you are not the original owner , you do not know what the previous owner did . in that case it can happen that he/she might have had experimented a bit and formatted the nand or the phone malfunctioned and somehow the nand got formatted i.e. full clean no bios ( download mode as in android ) . in this case , your phone is bricked . you can possibly bring it back if you have experience with rooting , custom rom flashing all that stuff . plus you will need the restore bootloader file for the nexus . i had experimented this : nand formatting on my galaxy s3 showed the same behaviour . go to the xda-forums and search . if you do not have any experience and do not know what i am talking about , i would suggest taking the phone to a service center . possibility 2 ( good scenario compared to the previous one ) - battery is dead since the nexus 's battery is inaccessible : the same solution here , also take it to a service centre .
it sounds like your nexus may not be getting enough power . check out this related article ( for nexus 7 ) that sounds like your problem : since you are not the original owner , and not under any warranty , perhaps you had like to try some diy work . in this case , check out this article . good luck ! i hope this can help you .
you can install/update the flashplayer from the market . just search for " flash player " and the one from adobe should show up first . to find out version go to : settings > applications > manage applications > all > adobe flash player . in there it should list the full version .
i use car mode ultra . it is highly customizable and more useful than the old car mode from google
there are 2 ways i have seen things that existed on the phone that did not have a application button , or shortcut . anycut ( or better cut ) anycut can make shortcut widget things for almost anything , all the normal things are already in it ( the apps you know ) . there is also this huge list of junk that is not easy to navigate , and sometines is very poorly marked like every settings item in existance . better cut attempts to assemble the data better in catagories , but not all items will exist in better cut . with anycut i have made direct buttons for deep settings items , and stuff i never even heard of . any cut might be useful for finding stuff , and setting it up with an icon to run . any good explorer , with the option to see hidden , even though without root you wont be doing much with it . duel file manager , astro , ghost commander , just about any of them except the built in file managers which are often more simple . with the explorers viewing and even searching for all items on the device , i found the jelly bean easter egg executable , and ran it , before ever knowing it was an easter egg . searching with a wildcard etc . most of these explorers have some way to run things that will run , or view . never know what you can find :- ) that is a few ways to look . i am runing testing now on the app called ultimate car dock , it is large button interface voice interaction , shorts contactcs and apps . read and replay to messages with voice it is " ok " so many others did not even get this far . 7day trial pay app . analisis of ucd , it works , it has to be task ended with its services set to task end to stop working , or be reset in settings . it was not so easy to get it to stop , which is both good and bad , good that a lot of programs fail over time , so this did not . needs more settings to reduce the interaction as the method is learned , eventually a person wants to tell it to shut-up and visually present less info . has the same fatal flaw with voice recognition that most everything else has , a " translate to text first " approach , then " programatically compare the stt text " that was poorly recognised . ( this method would work if there was a large " sounds like " compare for the limited choise triggers ) . other than that it was fully operational , very usable by clear speakers and tts knowlegable , very frustrating for mumbling non-tech people .
basically i had the same problem , and if you had an iphone spits on ground i would say yes ( you can set more than one smtp server up and if it fails on one it'll try on the other ) . . you can just get round it by turning off the phones wifi when you want to send an email ( at home ) emails can be sent over the phone network using their smtp server ( smtp . orange .netfor example ) but as soon as you hit your home network ( via wifi ) the orange out-going server will not work ( because it does not know who you are because you are going through your own isp ) , where as if you change your smtp server back to ntlworld it would work ( because you are using your home connection ) ( hope that made sence ? ) o2 solved this issue , because they had a user name and password for their smtp server , so even if you sent an email over wifi ( at home ) it could authenticate who you were and subsequently send it . i tried explaining this to orange . . . it fell on deaf ears
there are a number of apps that allow you to program-without-programming to set up conditions on your phone that trigger changes in settings and such . tasker is one a friend at work uses , and i know there was at least one other ( though i can not remember the name right now ) . i have never used them personally , so i do not know exactly what trigger conditions they have ( such as switching from a specific wifi network to another data connection ) . you may want to check those out though and see if they meet your needs . oh , another is locale , which looks ( according to appbrain ) to have a lot of plugins developed for it to add additional triggers and actions . . . you may even be able to get a plugin written for it to do what you want if there is not one .
they support authentication to use the mail server to send email - particularly since these days the service is run by google . this page covers the settings in detail , but the key points are : configure it to use authentication configure it to use ssl configure it to use port 465 for smtp if selecting ssl did not change it already
juicedefender allows you to turn your radio on and off and to set triggers for this . tasker will also do this . one thing to note , the "3g " radio is the same radio that you use to make voice calls , at least it is on cdma phones . by controlling the apn you can turn on and off your 3g data and reap gains in battery life without turning off the radio . i am not 100% on this but i believe for phones that are not yet on froyo ( 2.2 ) an app is required to control the apn like apndroid or quicksettings . i am not sure how well these work with the automated trigger apps mentioned above .
with lbe privacy guard you can block positioning permissions for certain apps . you can download it here : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.lbe.security.lite it is important to note that lbe does require your phone to be rooted .
although some have reported it as a bug , apparently the away status only appears after 10 minutes of idle time ( defined as no use and the screen shutting off ) .
unfortunately without actually testing these scenarios i cannot provide a definite answer but i can confirm that the feature works . it may take time before gmail or google talk are updated with your " away " status . the feature may not work on lock screen activation . . . but on idle time . personally this would be a smarter way of doing it . just because i have locked my phone does not mean i am away . on the other hand if i have not used the phone for more than 5 minutes then mark me as away/inactive . best thing i can recommend is you play around with these two scenarios above . lock the phone and monitor your status on someone else 's computer . if you find something interesting post the results back : )
there are two products in market which i found awesome : ) surefox : kiosk mode browser for android smartphones and tablet which restricts user to browse only selected websites , which has many more options inside browser preferences for eg . private browsing and many more . try exploring this . surelock : you already know about it ; ) you can try using surefox on top of surelock
not sure if it is possible to do a factory reset with it but i know that tasker is a great tool to automate things . you can try it for free first .
that sounds to me like you had need to root the phones and write a bash script to execute the sd card wipe and the browser cache wipe . if you do not know how to write scripts , stack overflow is a good place to ask for help ( the primary stack exchange site ) . script manager is a good app for managing your scripts and when they execute ( on boot would probably make the most sense , especially if you use tasker to shut the machine down every night on a schedule ) .
you can delete the data and cache for each app one by one , from within the application settings , then wipe the sdcard . but , if all you need to do in terms of setting up is a ( short ) wifi keys , then a factory reset might be best . it may be possible to bake your settings into the rom e . g put your wifi keys in /system/etc/wifi/wifi_supplicant . conf . that example would allow wifi keys to survive a factory reset . any other solution i can think of would involve constantly ( un ) rooting , especially if you are talking about teenagers . or , you could lock down root access with superuser elite and if you were confident that nobody would be messing with adb , you might go that way . there are " business solutions " out there , but that would be too much surely .
try using aviary instead . it is an excellent photo-editor app with even more features than the default one , and it works for me , even when i flash experimental jb roms where the camera does not even work . this is a strange problem , unique to your device , and you should probably report it on the cm forums . hth !
i might not right at this time but you may use another home screen called "Launcher Pro" free version . in the setting there is an option to hide the system bar(Notification bar) . you can try it out if you like the home screen . though i like it better than stock home screen . hope it will some how help you .
it is not intended to hide the system bar ( combined soft button/notification bar ) on tablets . imagine the bar is hidden and the app you are currently using does not offer an option to exit . -> your are stuck within this app . some custom roms offer the option to hide the bar . general option would be to use some third-party-apps like hide bottom bar or full ! screen which can disable the bar somehow . unfortunately these apps require root .
you probably have to use odin . i have done it myself , and it worked for me . i used it to root my phone ( sgs2 ) . i have postponed it for months , afraid it would brick my phone , but it did not . make a backup of all important data . find a good manual on youtube , xda-developers or via google . compare them , and see what they say . be prepared that it can go wrong . if it goes wrong , it could mean that your phone is bricked . i have a friend who bricked his samsung phone , and samsung repaired it without making problems over a rooted phone . google will not update your phone . samsung has to prepare an update because of phone specific drivers and their own specific apps . that is the only official way to update , and if samsung does not make that update , there is no alternative but to use a rom .
the only work around for that problem is , to use this app -> cloudmagic ( https://cloudmagic.com ) solved my problem but it would be reate when google will fix this for the stock email app .
set wi-fi sleep policy to " never " for android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and later : 1 ) navigate to menu > settings > wifi and select the menu button again . 2 ) select options , advanced 3 ) set “keep wifi on during sleep” to “always”
i had a similar problem but on another device , though try if it can fix your problem this is the what i did : i opened the terminal emulator and typed : $ su # logcat  then i held ' volume down ' ( a . k.a. ctrl ) and ' c ' to stop the output . i scrolled a bit up in the output and found a line that said : ok , so this is where it is breaking . i was not really interested in finding out what should the proper combination of ownership/permissions for the file as i did not really trust it would end just here , downgrading database version offers a range of situations that can go wrong . and since i do not really care for my past alarm clock times , i got rid of the old database : # cd /data/data/com.android.deskclock/databases # mv alarms.db alarms.db.bak  otherwise at the time i looked out for this problem the only other solution i saw was to wipe and restore my phone . if you do so , do not forget to backup all your data first ! good luck , i hope it helped you or someone .
after db deletions , cache and dalvic cache clearing , Silent mode was the culprit .
make sure your phone is not on silent ! i had the same problem until i realized that i was using the profile silent and for some reason this did not allow me to set the alarm . after changing to default profile the problem was fixed .
so finally i was able to fix this weirdo . since this answer doesnt really tell what was causing this . i will remark any further answers if they can tell what was the problem i will just describe what i did . root your device install clean master give it the root access ( it will ask itself ) remove all bloatware run cleaning routines hope that it helped you
tap to open the folder , then long-press the text making up the name . that should change it to an editable field .
you can not just download any rom and remove the asserts from the manifest . that is a sure fire way to brick your device . you need to find a rom that is compatible with your device . the status 7 error is there because you are installing a package that does not match the hardware you are trying to install it on . it is a safety measure . the guide for deleting the asserts from the manifest is only meant to allow flashing the file in an older recovery that does not recognize the asserts in the manifest . when doing this you have to be absolutely sure that you are installing on the proper device . if you delete the asserts and install on an incompatible device , it may fail still or it could flash , rendering your device useless . find a proper rom for your device and install that . do not just pick one unless you want to brick your device .
an alternative may be to use the officesuite app instead . it has a paid partner font app ( officesuite font package ) which includes arial and times new roman ; sadly , no helvetica .
see this link for the general idea . for verification , do the following steps : connect db9 to your host ( pc ) &lt ; ------> panda board ( target ) . you need to connect with minicom and mini usb for adb shell . pc$ sudo minicom you should have adb shell for the android sdk . pc$ export path=$path://android-sdk-linux/platform-tools reboot the panda board . pc$ adb devices # to check the device is connected or not pc$ adb reboot # to reboot on minicom terminal , you will get logs of the reboot . at the end , it will ask you to hit a key to stop auto boot . this will tell you if the device is getting the image or not . if you want to boot manuually by using u-boot terminal , press key so you will get u-boot terminal .  hardware_name# bootm  this will help you a little bit .
in ics , it is up to the application . you will have to check the settings for each individual app and see if they allow you to control what shows up in your notification bar . unfortunately , there is no way to control this through android itself . . . however , note that in jelly bean , the ability to monitor and control which apps display notifications is integrated into the app settings options . see below :
i suggest lookout . i use it and it is quite good . it also has the virus scanner and backup of data .
you will need to root your phone with unrevoked and remove the cdrom . iso file located in /system/etc/ that is the only way to prevent that . the neat upside is that once you have rooted , you can replace that cdrom . iso with any other iso you had like to auto-mount .
it looks like someone sent htc an email back in july and got the following response : i understand you want to know which speed is the best for your device as far as sd card is concerned . we have tested the devices on a class 4 speed . i could not recommend anything higher than that . the phone may be capable of running a higher-class speed , but we have only tested it on a class 4 . you may also want to email htc support and see what they officially say . from i have been reading , people have been using class 6 just fine . not sure about 8 or 10 .
this seemed to solve itself . after trying again just now , it worked . must have been a server-side thing . sorry i can not help anyone else that has this issue .
i had the same issue with the endless captcha . there is a solution though . go to https://www.google.com/accounts/displayunlockcaptcha on a pc or a web-browser and unlock the captcha for your account . you will then be able to login again with username and password on your device . hope this helps
try unlock the captcha : https://www.google.com/accounts/displayunlockcaptcha then , go back to your android phone e retype o password .
samsung galaxy player 4.0 is not actually a phone per se , so it is hard to use it as such ( without some help at least ) : any of the following solutions answers your question the way you intended it to be answered , but this is the result of a deep investigation and testing that might help you or help others in the future . 1 ) just like a bluetooth handset : with a fair amount of limitations , you can pair the galaxy player to your smartphone just like pairing a bluetooth headset : turn on bluetooth on both devices , make the galaxy player discoverable , and scan with the phone . once the devices recognized each other and got paired , the player shows up connected to the phone . when a call gets to the smartphone , the galaxy player will ring as well . the screen does look just like the incoming call screen on a smartphone , providing an option to answer or decline the call . initiating a call from the smartphone , will automatically activate the galaxy player , just like it would with a bluetooth headset . if the galaxy player and your smartphone are close together , lets say it the same room , the call has a good quality , just like if you were talking on your phone . the power consumption for this solution is very low , so its a thumbs up as well . sadly , the contacts list on the galaxy player will do you no good , since it actually can not initialize any calls . 2 ) using wifi : one tested alternative with a very lost cost can be signing up with a service that directs texts and/or calls to the galaxy player . e.g. , google voice , see the international calling rates the only drawback using any service like google voice on the galaxy player is that you can only receive/send text messages and calls when connected to wi-fi , unlike a normal phone . google voice is a feature-rich call forwarding service . you get one phone number that will ring all of your phones ( cell or landline ) . with it , you can receive voicemails and text messages ( no multimedia messages/mms , though ) . being a part of your google account , you have access to all of your messages ; call logs and more . google voice @ google play 3 ) using voip signing up with a service with a voip solution , it is possible to make actual calls from the galaxy player ( or any device with speaker and microphone ) . e.g. , line2 , see the plans comparison this service does not get you stuck to a contract , extra fees or a period of time . so , if a better solution appear in the future , you can stop using it immediately .
if you use google+ , you could install the google+ app which can auto-upload videos and photos from your phone to your g+ account . these photos and videos can also be accessed online via picasa web albums which point to the same place as your google+ photo albums . on the phone these become visible in the built-in gallery app , if you enable the Sync Google Photos and Sync Google+ options on your account via Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync -&gt; &lt;your Google account&gt; . on the desktop you can use google 's own picasa application to organize and sync your photos/videos between your pc and your google account .
right now it is not possible to sync through play video , however , you may soon be able to purchase movies from the market and have them stay in the cloud until needed . you could try alternatives such as box , or dropbox , ( there are many competitors in this file-locker space ) , they allows you to sync nearly anything across devices . google video , at least on my xoom , will pick up movies out of any folder without the . nomedia file in it . ( edited to remove falsehood of no google services allowing syncing : ) )
yes , any phone that has a front-facing camera and is running gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) and above will be able to join and initiate hangouts with the latest version of google+ app .
the solution is possibly covered in : set mp3 ringtone in nexus s . in summary , copy the downloaded file to /sdcard/media/audio/ringtones , and it'll be available as a ringtone upon next boot . if this does not help , another way could be as given here .
you could try using the android device manager if your phone is linked to your google account . it can track down your phone but you may not be able to erase the contents due to you need to allow that beforehand .
if you have an app like astro file manager you can just copy/paste the file from the music maniac folder to the music folder . it'll then be in your music player playlist . if you go to the downloaded songs tab in the music maniac app and hit the menu button , it'll tell you the file path . i think it is storage/emulated/0/music maniac . this is on my htc one .
i have had this problem and the fix for me was something as silly as just renaming the folder . i originally created the folder , then moved music into it . this probably caused the issue , but i am not sure .
what is the music format of the files ? it seems that the google play music app cannot recognized some file formats , just like . wma files . i have got such music files like this on my android devices and google play music does not find them too . i solved this problem by using another music player . i use vlc for android and it recognizes all my music files . moreover you can specify to it the folders containing your music ( in case some of the music files which should belong to your media library are not in the music folder ) . vlc is still in beta version and misses some features but it will be the best android media player when he comes out of beta .
i had a load of mp3 files which i tried to copy onto my htc one and after spending weeks trying to get the media scanning working i eventually tried an android conversion app ( mediaconverter ) from google play . i re-converted them to mp3 and after that they showed up . . . . john . . .
try an android media scanning process using apps such as sd scanner ( other older media scan apps seem to crash in 4.4 ) . once done , the new files should show up in play music ( i personally found android 's background running of the scanning process to be too slow ) . it could be due to the . nomedia file ( see " hiding your files from the media scanner " on the android api guide ) in the folder containing the files ( or even in a parent folder ) which prevents the any media from appearing in play music . since . nomedia is a dot file , it is considered a hidden file and your file explorer may not show it in by default and you may have to dig into the settings . oi file manager has an option to view hidden files . with regards to not being able to see the files on the computer . strangely on osx using the android file transfer app that is provided by google , the musicmanic folder /sdcard/musicmanic appears as a file and not a folder using adb shell , it appears as a folder using airdroid on my nexus 4 , my computer can connect to the phone and /sdcard/musicmanic appears as a folder which can be downloaded . so i guess for now , try use airdroid to transfer the files across .
play music ( for me anyways ) seems to only see files in the music/ directory . if your songs are in another folder , move them into the music folder and see if that works . if you do not have this folder you may need to create it . play music also seems to have a problem with files that have not been transferred from your computer over usb . try moving your files out of the music folder and back in again .
i have had similar issues in connection with rom upgrades but never figured out the cause , it never seemed to be permissions related for example , but a solution that i seem to remember worked was to " re-write " the files . essentially you cut the files over to your pc and then copy them back in , making them " new " files from the android device 's perspective , and they show up . might work for you , it is worth a shot .
you are stuck with this . this is the way clockworkmod recovery works . i did a search and the devs on xda say if you dont like it unroot your phone . it is indeed a nuisance since powered off chargin charges faster . though , oh well !
put your phone into airplane mode before going to sleep .
what are my options for recovery images ? is there anything besides clockworkmod or amon ra ? a third popular option is teamwin recovery project , usually referred to as twrp . if i go with either one , how do i get it installed ? since your bootloader is unlocked , you can use fastboot to install a recovery if you download it in . img format . you do this by downloading the recovery image to your computer , plugging in your phone , and executing : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  from a pc command prompt while your device is booted into fastboot mode . alternatively , clockworkmod and twrp can both be installed from apps on rooted devices . for clockworkmod you can use rom manager and select the " flash clockworkmod recovery " menu option . twrp can be installed using goomanager by selecting the " install openrecoveryscript " option in the app 's settings menu . a third option is to get a copy of the recovery you want in a bootloader-flashable zip file . for the evo it will be a file named pc36img . zip . you put it on the root of your phone 's sd card and then reboot into your bootloader and it should flash it for you . i know that amon ra has been distributed in this format , but i am not sure about the others .
try removing the existing drivers and starting the windows driver installation from scratch . connect the nc to your machine via usb . in win7 go to start , right-click computer and select management , and then device manager . locate the nook color device that should be either under " adb interface , " " usb mass storage device , " or " other devices " section , right-click it and select the uninstall option . when presented with a confirmation , choose to remove drivers as well . disconnect and re-connect the nc . this should bring up the new hardware installation wizard , but fail to install the drivers . install the drivers you downloaded from the xda thread . after installation completed , restart the adb daemon via command prompt by using the adb kill-server followed by adb start-server commands ( or simply reboot the pc . ) you should now be able to access the nook color via adb .
i finally tracked down a fix after some file searching . . . the " adb over usb " fix creates a file in %USERPROFILE%\.Android\adb_usb.ini with the " vendor id " of 0x2080 in it . i have a .android folder in my root of my sdk directory c:\android-sdk\.android\ , and in there is also the adb_usb . ini . i added the 0x2080 to that file , then restarted adb and i can now see the device via usb-> adb .
id like to do exactly what your are saying . have my phone synced to my tablet using wifi or bluetooth and use the tablet as my handsfree interface for phone there is this app but its still in its easrly development phase although those that have used it say its not too bad and has plenty of promise https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.funkyandroid.phonelink cheers mark
many ( maybe most ) phones do not actually have a gps receiver built in , rather using cellphone towers and triangulation to calculate their position . wifi has nothing to do with either by the way , it is completely separate . other phones do have gps built in but will use it only when no cellphone reception is available , as gps tends to use a lot more battery power ( many will also turn it off when the cellphone functionality is turned off because that is usually understood to be done where active antennae are not allowed ( like in aircraft and many hospitals ) and/or to preserve battery power .
i had this issue - it is not that a fix does not come , it is just that it is taking a very long time to get a fix . this is due to the lack of the downloaded agps data - it can not download the data , and so has to rely on solely gps satellited , which takes ages . if you have been disconnected from the internet for a while , then you will suffer from these effects . agps data is cached for a few days , or when you change location , so if you just disconnected , gps should work for a while afterwards . ( you should also check to make sure that the google system is enabled for location use )
yes , gps location is binded with the gps chipset . you can get co-ordinates from gps and store it while offline . you can than view it in maps application when you get online .
the reason it does not work is a gps has to be paired with a map to work . cell phones download chunks of map data based on your location and pairs it with map data . without map data it is simply longitude and latitude data . to make it work with a nexus you have to have map data stored to work outside of of wi-fi range . if the app does not load at least 2gb of data you are probably put of luck .
there is one way not requiring third-party apps : long-pressing the home button .
i have used both quality bluetooth and wired headsets adapters with my htc desire without anybody complaining about sound quality . in general i do not think you can go wrong with plantronics headsets , i have been using their landline ones for years .
from this post , it seems that only very specific conditions seem to trigger this bug . also , afaik , this only seems to affect the default messaging app , using a replacement like handcent seems to be the way to go . more info on the bug here . specifically , there is something about certain email-to-sms messages that corrupts android 's sqlite database , causing unpredictable results thereafter . the most commonly cited offender is alerts sent by bank of america , though sms alerts sent by linkedin and t-mobile are also cited . it is possible that any sms where the sender is an email address will do the trick , or it is possible there is something else these specific senders ' messages have in common . to be clear : if you have never received one of these corrupting messages , you will never be able to reproduce the bug . that is why it is only affecting a small group of android users . if you have fallen prey to the issue , you should be able to fix it by performing a hard reset ( wiping all data ) and then blocking the offending sender ( s ) from sending you texts in the future .
can you access recovery at all ? if so , put this file on your sd card , and install it using stock recovery .
you can delete it at picasaweb.google.com. ( click on the album , and then use the ' actions ' dropdown list . )
that is not an actual folder on the device . it is from your google++account . it contains the pictures that are displayed next to your profile picture . if you do not have any , it will still show up on your device except it will be empty . it cannot be removed .
i would find the folder through usb mode or a file system explorer such as x-plore and delete the folder manually . then it should be removed from the gallery .
this , and any other , folder of this kind ( added automatically to gallery , without reference to local on-device folder ) is always added from picassa , even if you have never used that service . if you are using newer versions of android ( 4.1+ ) such folders should be marked with small picassa icon in the bottom-right corner , where you have standard folder icon for yours folders . these folders are often not editable from the device . i.e. you are saying about deleting this folder over and over again , while i ended-up with more than five such scrap folders without any kind of option to delete either entire folder or any of its contents . what was even worse ( and more frustrating ) you can have such folders even , if you do not use particular service at all . for example i had a lot of such garbage folders though i have not activated google+ and i have not uploaded anything to picassa . the only way to remove such folders is to login to on-line service , it belongs to ( google+ , picassa etc . ) and remove it there . in my case , using picassa ( that i have never used before ) and remove any garbage google has automatically added there solved the problem . you should be able to achieve the same , once you login to google+ . alternatively , you can disable photos sync at all , if this is an option for you . but i have heard reports , that this may not help at some certain situations , especially , when source for additional folders is not picassa , but google+ or similar service .
cisco offers a rooted anyconnect vpn client , and it turns out they also have an ics anyconnect available in the play store as well . this should help !
for certain devices , such as the nexus 7 , that is not possible because the stock rom unifies /data and what would normally be used as an sd card with fuse mounts . if the restore program erased the /data partition , it would wipe out the backup because it is stored within /data . for example , with twrp it would be at /data/media/0/TWRP/BACKUPS/(deviceSerial)/ in a subdirectory of one 's choosing , but by default is composed of yyyy-mm-dd-hh-mm-ss ( buildid ) when the backup was started , for example "2013-12-28-14-12-18 kot49h " . what i think twrp will attempt to do on a restore is to recursively unlink ( 2 ) /rmdir ( 2 ) everything except the twrp directory tree . when i did a restore , it printed a message about wiping /data . it very well could depend on which recovery you use too . twrp might have a different way than cwm , which may be different from cot and so on . it might also depend on whether the device has an sd card slot or not ( a nexus 7 does not ) .
i tested this , and your concern is valid . i added a dummy file to /system and then did a nandroid restore . the dummy file survived . repeated the same test on /data with same result . so i do not know why cwm does not wipe those partitions first . the cwm author probably made an assumption it does not matter or there may be a valid reason they do not get wiped .
usually a nand restore will overwrite the partitions it restores completely . everything currently on the partition will be overwritten , and the exact same state from the backup will be restored . so wiping before restoring is not really necessary , as it will be completely overwritten anyway . instead it is usually recommended to wipe cache partitions ( including dalvik cache ) after the nand backup is restored to make sure that the restored state can be recovered correctly ( and is not affected by cache issues ) .
i have a pandigital and do play mp3 audiobooks on it without any issue . however , i have been borrowing them from the public library and it seems you have to got through itunes to drag and drop them to you pdn .
after some googling , it appears that b and n audiobooks are in mp3 format with no drm . that means they should play on almost everything that can play audio , including the novel . edit : their faq says exactly that , and mentions how to download the files .
when you go in to accounts and sync . it is going to show which account is currently syncing . then from there , you can go in to the account and you will see what type of sync is happening . it will show , for example , that " reader " is syncing . so google reader is the app that is syncing . or it will show " gmail " is syncing . those would be the apps that are syncing . i do not think just any app can trigger a sync for some other app . like reader should not be able to trigger a sync for picasa images . but really , even if they can trigger other apps to sync , it is still the original app that is performing the sync . only the twitter app is going to sync " twitter data and contacts " , and only the gmail app is going to sync your gmail .
well , i can not say correctly but i think it is showing green lock because the application is locked by some other application , do you remember installing any application which may be responsible for locking those application off ! i would say you need to go through the application installed again . i think this must be some cleaner application which you may have installed recently .
this is the task bar showing applications currently in main memory . the broom cleans up main memory except " locked " apps . to clean them up , you can flick them up one by one . yet , with android it is not necessary to do this in the vast majority of cases . android os does a pretty good job of managing memory and swapping apps to storage .
there is hope . i coded a proof-of-concept app that does exactly this ( and using it as my everyday keyboard ) . starting from cupcake , the system has a InputMethodService that allows to override keypresses on the fly . this allows applications to change keycodes on the fly without requiring root . the source-code is available here ( for the most curious only )
with desktop os 's keyboard layouts are held in the software of the os , and i can not imagine android is much different . since the only devices that are designed for android and that have a physical keyboard ( that i can think of ) are phones i doubt there is even an option in the android stack to change the keyboard layout since you obviously can not just pull the keyboard off your droid and swap it with another one . there might be some way of intercepting the input from the keyboard before it hits your device and remapping the data , but it would require a specialized app ( if the option does in fact exist in the android stack ) or for you to plug something in between your keyboard and tablet .
if you are rooted , you may be able to modify the keyboard layout files defined here : http://source.android.com/porting/keymaps_keyboard_input.html warning : i have not tried this myself , so i do not know if it will work . modifying system files may brick your android .
you will have to copy and paste . i do not know why the long click does not work , but i assume because the url does not start with " http " . i have found the easiest way to create bookmarklets is to do it on the pc and then import the bookmarks , or by copying the text of the js url to a text file , emailing or dropboxing it to my phone and then copying and pasting the text into a bookmark .
installing wifi keyboard as suggested by gathrawn made input much easier .
based on what i have read so far , this may be a bluetooth issue . some people have fixed the issue by : using only 1 bt device . if you have connected both a bt keyboard and bt mouse , disable one of them . disabling wi-fi . having both wi-fi and bt seems to trigger a repeating key issue . using external keyboard helper pro . it has a do not repeat option . link to app . at the end of the thread , it mentions that bt was re-engineered in android 4.2 . so if you upgrade to 4.2 , that should fix the issues you are having .
if you are using android 2.2 's native tethering , then the phone acts as an access point . this means any wifi-enabled devices can tether to the phone as if it is a regular wireless access point . i do not know much about pdanet/easytether , but it should be possible to set up " internet connection sharing ( ics ) " on windows or " masquerading " on linux . speed will probably be not that great , since 3g is pretty slow on most areas . it will be usable , but unless the 3g speed in your area is blazingly fast , do not expect much .
solved : installed i9500xxufnb3 ( via odin )
System Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; IMAP &gt; [email account] &gt; top-right menu: Remove account .
google stuffed up the labeling here - the way to do it is to go to your phones main settings . under accounts you will find imap ( should have been labeled " email" ) . tap imap . then tap the account you want to remove , and then tap the dots at the top right and choose remove account . done .
if geffchang 's answer did not work , you can try this at a last resort . system setting > apps > all > email > deactivate . however , this not only removes the account you wanted to remove but also all other accounts .
you can use a custom lock screen . just pick the one that you like
no im sorry , but chrome for android needs hardware acceleration , so until google change that ( i dont think thats gonna happen sorry ) you can not do that . but maybe in the future . sorry , i know it was not the answer you really wants to hear . . .
yes you can lagfix without rooting by flashing a kernel like voodoo through odin . but this will void your warranty anyways . if it helps , the sgs phones are very easy to unroot and revert to stock to hide what you did .
i am using samsung galaxy note android 4.0.3 . and i have tried encrypting and decrypting several times successfully .
there should have been a warning when you begin the encryption that you had to agree to . the only way to unencrypt it is to perform a factory reset , thereby wiping your data partition completely .
solution that worked for me : connect the phone to the charger switch it off ( 10 sec press power button ) as soon as the led light up and the phone screen is black , disconnect it from the charger the phone should remain off ( wait for 10 sec to be sure ) connect again the charger and then unplug it after 5 sec now try to boot the recovery ( power + volume up ) once you are in recovery : fix the permission to enable r/w on system . clean cache and dalvin cache if you need flash it again ( you can push file with adb ) now the phone boots perfectly ! i am using lewa mod for reference .
messaging > menu ( bottom left button ) > settings > notification settings > uncheck vibrate
looking through the hyperdrive rom page for note 3 at xda , power menu toggle can be adjusted by the following steps . open the application Hyperdrive Tweaks included in the rom . in the app goto General Mods &gt; Extended Power Menu select the options you want for power menu toggles viz ( shut down / restart / recovery etc ) . however , i cannot find out where to disable the volume settings control from the power button , my assumption would be under audio mods of hyperdrive tweaks . reading further down in the thread , few have mentioned that enabling the power toggle in the hyperdrive tweaks app should override the current volume control toggle behaviour by power button ( long press ) .
is your samsung galaxy s3 from us cellular locked for us cellular only ? if yes , you will not be able to use a sim card from a different carrier with it . you will have to unlock the phone first so that it allows sim cards from other networks .
no . as reported and commented on by various users , there is no exfat support built in to android , so the nexus s will not read the disk .
you can use an external bluetooth or usb keyboard with the nexus 7 . for more information see the connect to keyboards , mice , and other devices section of the nexus 7 manual . mike elgan reports that the nexus 7 also works with an apple bluetooth keyboard .
android studio contains adb in folder android-studio\sdk\platform-tools it is possible to add to path in windows and use terminal inside android studio only by command : " adb shell " and after use " su " get root shell . locate android studio platform tools folder ( eg : c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) open enviroment variables in windows ( http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000549.htm ) add platform tools to end of path ( eg : ; c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) reopen android studio use terminal with command : " adb shell " older windows will maybe need reboot after change path variables .
menu > settings> apps> running application> find xperia keyboard > settings ( xperia keyboard ) > text input settings> my words , . . choose the word you want to delete or edit , , . . thats the step that i learned so far , . , hope helps . .
do not wipe everything . it is possible to delete individual words . i have the experia t , i and have just done this : open a text click to reply so the keyboard pops up press the 12 ! ? button down-left corner go across to the right , and click on the spanner icon go in to my words hold your finger down on a word , and down the right of the screen will pop up a box next to each word ticking the boxes of the ones you do not want hit delete , and they all magically disappear .
goto settings> applications> ( select all ) > goto user dictionary/message extention/ anything having dictionary or with the envelop logo . go there and press clear data . and u r done
best answer i have found so far : you could try clearing all data from the keyboard . Menu&gt;Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Running Applications then tap All . scroll down and find Internation Keyboard ( if thats the one you are using ) and Clear Data . source : sony ericsson support forum of course , it will also set the keyboard to the original settings . anyway , i would like to find a way to remove some misspellings and not all the learned words , so if somebody knows how to do it , i will be glad to hear from it .
it could be vad . it stands for voice activated dialing and is triggered by the service code *44* . i am not sure why it would do that all by its own without your interaction . an explanation could be that you are using a vad supporting bluetooth headset .
if you are not too attached to your current keyboard , there are loads of other ones you could try . slideit keyboard is good , and it has a new support for skins ! so you can make it look however you want : ) swype has about the same functionality as the former , with a single skin that is more of a darker grey . flext9 has the same support as the first two , with a white skin . swiftkey is good if you do not like the swipe to type thing , and has a couple good-looking included skins . the only way to change the default keyboard on your device though , will be rooting and finding a rom that has a keyboard that you like ( or making your own if you are developer inclined ; ) )
if i am understanding what you are saying , you synced all your iphone contacts to windows and have * . contact files in the contacts folder . so download samsung kies and you will be able to sync the contacts from pc to phone . alternatively , in windows export your contacts as a csv file and then import this into the gmail/google account you have linked to your phone . these contacts can then be synced from google to your phone .
if you are going to change your iphone or just want to take backup of your iphone contacts , here is a simple way to export your iphone contacts as csv file in windows 7 and you can open this csv file in excel . you just need your iphone and itunes running in windows7 . windows xp users here . export iphone contact as csv file or to excel download and install itunes , after installation run itunes . connect your iphone with computer using data cable . on the safe side backup your device first , right-click on your device and select “back up” ( in-case of any problem with iphone contacts you can restore your device later ) . when itunes finish the back up process , click on “info” tab click on “sync contacts with” check box , select “windows contacts” from drop down menu and click “apply” or “sync” button press “windows + r” keys form keyboard to open “run” window and type “wab” in “open” filed and hit ok click on tiny arrow and select “export” as shown below select “csv ( comma separated values ) ” option and click “export” button click on “browse” button , choose location to save iphone contacts as csv file select iphone contacts fields that you want to export and hit “finish” button you will see this message if iphone contacts exported as csv file successfully , hit “ok” button . now you can use this csv file to import iphone contacts in any other application or device or you can open this file in excel to view all iphone contacts .
easy solution solution that i found was dumber than expected : make sure the .contact files are in your C:/Users/username/contacts folder go to kies , on the top right corner make it " lite mode " . ( next to the x / close button ) click on the sync tab sync contacts with windows contacts . crazy eh ! ?
although we may not be referring to the same program , i had issues with android 's built in voice dialer app . there are a few replacement voice dialer apps on google play , including choice dialer . in many of these alternative voice dialers , there are options for controlling the confidence threshold before taking an action . in the case of choice dialer , if a command cannot be understood with a configurable level of confidence , it asks you to confirm with a simple yes or no . i found that this alone made it a lot better than the built-in voice dialer . so , to answer your question , consider getting a replacement voice dialer .
i changed my mind to use gravity screen - on/off . this app turns automatically your screen off when you put your phone into your pocket or onto a table and turn the screen on when you take it out or up . no need to touch any button and you are ready to go .
no , apps cannot be installed on sim . what you describe are rather sim services . afaik you can use those with the " sim toolkit " app only ( which is where you also should find your &lt;operator-name-here&gt; , and where you should be able to see what is installed there ) . as long as you did not actively subscribe to any of those services , they should simply stay dormant and never bother you . last time i have checked for those must be 10 years ago , on my old nokia . i never encountered them afterwards , though not ( un ) installing anything on/from sim . neither i ever heard about " automatic sms " . even service sms must be approved by the user before being executed . but as many of those services are rather a kind of " sms mailing lists " , could it be that should mean " please subscribe to one of them " ?
well , i just tried it on my own device ( nexus 4 , android 4.4.2 ) and indeed you are right : there is no restoring option when using a password or pin . it only shows up for me when using a pattern . there is still a method i just figured out . log in to your google account . go to https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager accept the device manager pop up and click on your device on " lock " . enter a new password . i just tried it and it works very well here : ) best regards ! visi0nary edit : i just figured out that you need to have " remote wipe and lock " enabled in android device manager on your device . i hope your gf has enabled that option . edit : this only works for the original ( admin ) account on a nexus 7 . device manager is not available for other accounts .
the problem may be that the android device in question has no google account registered to it . can you install apps to it from the google play web store ?
you might want to take a look at this answer or , even better , at android folder hierarchy , which most likely gives you the necessary details . using that information , your best approach to backup via adb might be : if is the device to back up , of the target ( i just placed the image file in the root of your sdcard , you might wish to adjust that ) . take care not to mix up the two , or you might destroy your system ! ( this is why dd sometimes is backronymed " data destroyer" ) . bs defines how much data to read/write in a single operation , my example uses 1 mb ; you might play with this and e.g. use "8m " to speed things up , but do not set this too high . above example just handles the /system partition . repeat it similarly for any of the other ones listed in the linked question which you want to have backed up .
try to change the channel of your wireless router . maybe it was caused by the congestion of the working channel ( maybe channel 1 ) .
i ended up looking at cyanongenmod 's source code and figured out how they did it . here is my working . sh script : echo 'boot-recovery ' &gt; /cache/recovery/command echo '--update_package=/sdcard/update.zip' &gt;&gt; /cache/recovery/command reboot recovery 
search on the market , there are unlock screens that forces you to do random math puzzle , play a ball game , and there is an app aptly named " no lock " that simply disables the lock screen , and requiring you to press the hardware lock button to unlock .
widgetlocker ( on the market ) provides htc-like , iphone-like , motorola-like , and rotary style unlock screens . really superb app .
you do not need to install an app for this . Settings -&gt; Location and security -&gt; Change screen lock . there are 3 other options . i use pattern because it is cool and easy for one hand , and relatively secure . the puzzle lock the easiest though .
as of this moment , it is not possible to convert a user into a profile . however , you could create a profile based on the existing user . downside : since a profile does not have a google account tied to it , they can not have a gmail app . and as you have already mentioned , they would also lose those user-specific data . update #1: from android . com , it says that a restricted profile is a subset of a user 's account . it is using the same user account , albeit restricted . so the profile is quite different from a user , where it is tied to a different google account . each restricted profile offers an isolated and secure space with its own local storage , home screens , widgets , and settings . unlike with users , profiles are created from the tablet owner’s environment , based on the owner’s installed apps and system accounts . the owner controls which installed apps are enabled in the new profile , and access to the owner’s accounts is disabled by default .
on rooted system change in xml file for user in /data/system/users/ flags from 16 to 24 example : user id="11" serialnumber="13" flags="24" created="1373565328127" lastloggedin="1376779161829" icon="/data/system/users/11/photo . png " here are the constants https://android.googlesource.com/platform/frameworks/base.git/+/android-4.2.2_r1/core/java/android/content/pm/userinfo.java engycz
this is not possible without a third-party application . a quick search on google play shows several apps which should allow you to do what you want .
as a can see it has a rockchip cpu , you try root it with vroot http://www.mgyun.com/en/getvroot . rockchip sells the majority of it chips to chinese oems that is why its very likely that vroot will do the job . please try it and reply back : )
the connectbot developers recommend full keyboard to issue keyboard shortcuts . but there are also other keyboards .
on android , the package name of the app is what identifies it on the phone : that is what gives it its own space to run in , and it has to be unique in running apps . there are two options to get one app running two instances : if you are on a jelly bean tablet , you can do this with multi-user support . create two user profiles on the tablet , and you can run the app once in each profile . each user 's instance of the app gets its own storage . if you have access to the source code of the app , you can create a new app by changing its package name . then install the new app . what you end up with is actually two apps , each with one instance , but since they both have the same code and resources , it has the effect you are looking for . these are the only two ways . if your device does not have multi-user support , and you do not have access to the app 's source code ( i.e. . you are not the app 's developer ) , then you are out of luck .
if your device does not have multi-user support , and you do not have access to the app 's source code ( i.e. . you are not the app 's developer ) , then you are out of luck . cant we reverse engineer . . like most apps ? open the package in editor and make changes ? ohhh here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=21819887postcount=5 it would be possible if you were to decompile the . apk , edit the manifest file to rename the app to something else so the system thinks its a different apk , then compile , sign it , and install to phone , hassle free . not too hard
i just found the phone specs on mts india , and seems like the second sim supports only 2g voice + sms , not data . this is because the phone is dual sim dual standby ( dsds ) , not dual sim dual active ( dsda or dsa ) , and there is not a 3g gsm radio . dsds means that if you have a data connection or a call open , the other sim is disabled . this would prevent the use of the primary sim if there was an open data connection on the secondary sim . i am not an expert on dual-sim phones since they are not popular in my region , so there may be a way to get a 2g data connection over the gsm card , but it is not supported by the manufacturer .
you can use apps like exif tag editor ( photo ) and pixelgarde to view/edit exif data of your images . both apps has the ability to batch-process the images . if you are looking for a way to automatically add information ( particularly the camera model as in your question ) , you cannot do anything rather than waiting for an update from your device manufacturer . this is because embedding that information is configured the the rom itself .
you can simply flash win odin gt-i9100 firmware . firmwares you can get from sammobile odin you can get from http://web.djodjo.org/?a=download:android:tools:win:bootloadertools get odin307 you can also check this tutorial for flashing with odin .
there is an app called broadcastmyself , but i will admit so far i have failed to broadcast . however it is the only app i have found so far so i am gonna keep trying
it is very device-specific , of course , so you will have to follow the directions given for the device . generally it works to follow the linux directions for the device , except that you need adb for mac os x .
this has some reasons , let 's try to sum them up : android has an open app market model ( there is the more or less curated play store but you can install apps from other locations ( 3rd party markets or self built/downloaded ) ) android may also not need antivirus apps ( most problems come from pirated rogue apps with added value piggybacked ) ios has a strictly curated app store and you are not allowed to bypass it ( unless you do not jailbreak your device but apple so far ignores the existence of jailbroken devices ) apple does not allow antivirus apps into their app store ( they do not grant the necessary privileges to 3rd party apps and ignore the existence of jailbroken devices ) antivirus vendors want to create a market for mobile antivirus solutions apple denies existence/possibility of malware for their platforms as long as it is possible ( for pr reasons ) to sum it up : android is more open than ios and lets antivirus vendors jump in while apple denies them access to their app store .
the entire philosophy of the two competing " app markets " are different . the android market , known as google play , allows any submitted application . apps are not really checked or pre-screened , they are simply submitted , and anyone can download them . any kind of app can be submitted to the play store , even one that hooks into the core operating system . this is a double-edged sword , as a developer can write a malicious app , one that steals your data , disables your phone , and other nasty things . usually , only when enough people complain will google take notice and remove an app . while google does take some measures to protect its users , the protections applied are automated , and apps sometimes do slip through . ( see bouncer . stats show that it has been somewhat successful ) . apps submitted to the ios app store have to go through a strict vetting process . apple hires testing teams . they will manually inspect your app , to make sure it does what it says , without bugs , does not use private or secret functions on the ios device , and so on . apps are run in a sand box and cannot make any major changes to the way the device works . since all apps are pre-screened before they are posted on the app store , there is almost no chance of an application being malicious ( virus , data stealing , etc ) . as for whether or not you actually need an anti-virus app , well , this question may help answer that . personally , i do not think viruses are a massive threat yet , and , although they may be later , i do not think it is worth the potential performance hit . besides , bouncer can help with most malware . i would be more worried about data-stealing apps , especially if the app holding sensitive data is not sufficiently protected . last year , skype was not encrypting its contacts database , and malicious apps were able to simply read the data . this has , since , been patched .
how about using widgets ? probably cheaper and would let you control all the functionality on the device itself , without any external hacks . for volume control , you might be able to do with a widget similar to volume control widget and for the power menu try an app like button savior or shutdown menu 2.1 ( both power menu apps require root access i believe ) edit : just realized that you might have issues waking up the device once the screen turns off . found wave to unlock after a few minutes of googling . it uses the proximity sensor to unlock the device . this might do the trick .
it turned out that mount is not actually supplied by busybox , but by toolbox . with this knowledge , it was easy to track down the cause of the bug : unlike busybox , since i do not have another " toolbox " implementation with a correctly working mount command , it is likely that the behavior would've been easy to see from the code . in fact the problem is here at line 330 : it checks if type == NULL , but then outputs an USAGE that erroneously shows -t as optional compare with busybox at line 1930 : // Loop through filesystem types until mount succeeds
i have found a solution for the following problem : -the nexus 7 2013 device must never be turned off unless it has an insufficient amount of battery -when the nexus 7 2013 device is exposed to an inductive charge , it should turn on automatically in order to apply this change to my device , i activated the bootloader and ran a simple batch file with the following script : fastboot oem unlock fastboot oem off-mode-charge 0 fastboot oem lock fastboot reboot  this line : fastboot oem off-mode-charge 0  sets the device to turn on whenever there is enough charge remaining that is sufficient to power up the device . if the device is drained completely of battery , then charged via conduction to or above a level of sufficient battery for rebooting , it will not reboot unless it is then either the charger is removed and re-applied or if the power button is pressed . this means that if a device is charged from 0% battery to 100% battery and removed from the charger , it can remain turned off for shipment until it arrives at its destination , in which it can be touched to an inductive charger and instantly turned on with no power button interaction whatsoever . this may be a specific usage that will not help others the way it helped me , but if it helps others in any way i would rather put it out there than keep it to myself .
i asked the same question to micromax support and i got email from them , dear valued customer , thank you for your email , we would like to inform you that hpns files are the temp file which will be create on the uses of internet .
first , files on sdcard should not be essential for the system to live , in general – though there are exceptions , like when you moved apps2sd , you should not remove the folder they are moved to ( which is a different hidden one named .android_secure ) . in general , you should even be able to completely remove the card , and the system should still work as usual . now for your two special folders . one is explained easily , as it is a standard folder : LOST.DIR ( on fat ; on most other file systems the corresponding folder is called LOST+FOUND , see what is the purpose of the lost+found folder in linux and unix ? ) in short is used by the file system checker ( fsck , the equivalent to chkdsk on windows ) to store data blocks which lost their mapping to a given file . this can happen e.g. when the file system is not cleanly unmounted ( the system crashed , or you simply removed the battery while it was running ) . as each file system has its own " lost folder " , if you do not miss anything from your sdcard it is safe to empty this directory . as for the hpns folder it is hard to say what it is . i never heard of such , so it is no " android standard folder " but rather must belong to a specific application . i would recommend to copy ( backup ) its content to your computer , and then delete it from the card . according to your description , it seems to hold nothing but logs , so i expect no trouble . if you find no side-effects for a couple or days/weeks , it should be safe to delete those backed-up files . and if some app is complaining , you can simply put back those files ( and as a side-effect finally know which app the directory belongs to ) .
they are just the log files . . . you can delete the files in the hpns folder through file manager . switch off your mobile phone and restart . you will find your memory card free .
if it only happens when the phone is plugged in , i seem to remember this referring to the fact that Android Debugging was activated , though i also thought this usually showed a pull-down notification as well . if it only happens when you are plugged into a computer , try un-selecting Android Debugging under settings , and see if it goes away .
" services " does not mean what you think it means . a service is an app component that can run in the background . for example , an email app might have a service that is started every 15 minutes to check for new email ( and stops itself when it completes ) . this means it is background apps that stop , not things like the wi-fi and mobile data . app developers are encouraged to check for the low battery condition and stop battery-draining activities . this broadcast also triggers the " low battery " dialog , so it is easy to tell at what level it fires . it can be changed by the device manufacturer ( since android is open-source ) , but it is usually set to trigger at 15% .
some android phones , like the nexus one , have special contacts that tell the os when the phone has been docked . the desire actually does not have these so can not automatically detect that it has been docked . car home can still be launched manually . another option is to look at an app like tasker . you could configure car home to be launched when certain conditions are met , like the phone is on charge and in a vertical position ( so docked ) . there are many other ways you could use tasker for this .
typically , the phone knows whether it has been docked by the placement of a magnet on a certain area on the back of the phone . you can therefore create your own cheap dock using a magnet and some sort of stand . here is an example with the droid .
all antivirus applications on all platforms will impact the performance of the device . this is because they intercept your actions and check them for unwanted effects . you say you have installed anti-viruses - plural . if you install more than one such application on any device they will start to check upon each other . this will have a significant cumulative affect which will be immediately noticeable . if you have installed more than one , then uninstall in the reverse order of installation .
a friend showed me how to , you go to the camera app 's settings , then go to " quick launch " , and check " launch and capture " . it was set on " launch only ( still camera ) " .
if the launcher icon is not visible in the application drawer , go to System Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Running select the launcher . from there you can perform your fix .
user poo-tang provided an answer in the xda forums : xperia play games do not work this way so will not be interchangeable . these new games are hid ( native android built in virtual controller/mouse ) supported ( only available on android 3.1 and up ) xperia play uses sony framework only . the games are coded for one or another ( sometimes both if developer has added support for both )
usually it would alert you with a dialog . you may want to reflash your phone .
summing up : cyanogenmod from at least v7 up has , as usual , alerts for battery low . it can appear in different places : in the notification bar ( ryan conrad ) on the lock screen ( onik ) i rawly remember even having seen a toast displayed . according to onik , there should be a setting somewhere to toggle the alert sound for this event on/off -- and according to this cm forum post . . . led lights are in cm settings , while low battery sound is in phone/sound settings . i was able to find the sound at the end of the mentioned list with cm 7.2 ( but not 7.0.3 ) , but nothing in cm settings specific to the battery low event . though : if really needed , this should be quite easily established using tasker . . .
might be some interoperability issue with particular hotspot . if it is a dhcp time out you can try assigning a manual ip address to the particular network . or if it is rooted device you can try below command inside adb shell . dhcpcd wlan0 
the disk usage application can show you all this information in a nice graphical format , allowing you to explore the space taken up by applications in your phone memory , or the space taken up by files on your sd card . app2sd will also display information for all apps , although it does not split the space into segments based on app/data/cache like disk usage does . however , it will allow you to move all apps that you can to the sd card from the phone memory , and provides an easy way to see all the apps installed on the phone , and one click access to the main application settings to uninstall applications .
i am pretty sure that the space shown for each app is the space used on the phone storage , and does not include space used on the sd card . you can verify this by checking an app in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , then unmount and remove the sd card and check again .
text to speech - voice to text is an app that can do so : just talk , it will type for you , an animation will speak for you and send message to your friends , it lets you convert text to voice using the text-to-speech engine on your smartphone .
it will not make a noticeable difference . the gps receiver has to be powered up continuously either way , but the receiver itself is not a huge part of the battery use of most location-based apps . in general , this kind of app can be a battery drain because it is running , computing data , and saving data continuously . for example , if it is saving a log of your route , it has to get the gps locations , filter and process those locations , and save them to the storage , continuously . all the time it is doing this , the phone 's cpu is still running at high power , when normally it would be asleep ( in a low-power state ) in your bag or pocket . the difference between how much other work the two apps are doing , and how efficient they are at that , is going to dwarf any difference caused by location sampling rates . in fact the difference between the apps themselves might even be more than the total power consumption of the gps receiver .
not a real solution as to the underlying problem -- but a possible work-around involving tasker ( or a similar automation app which could do the same ) : condition : on startup if wi-fi on task : wi-fi off wait 15 sec wi-fi on this at least should save you from having to do it manually everytime .
this sounds a bit like a shopping question , which is off-topic here , but as a general answer : yes , it is possible to change tracks from bluetooth headphones . almost all headphones that support a2dp ( advanced audio distribution profile ) , which is required for better quality music streaming , can also handle avrcp ( audio/video remote control profile ) which handles controlling the playback . as an example , i have a samsung sbh-170 , which has buttons for play/pause , next/previous track , volume up/down and call answer . just check that the headphones you are going to buy support a2dp , and most likely they support avrcp as well .
dd is a block-based copy tool -- it does not care what data it covers . adb backup is rather file-based , which is something completely different . as you have tagged your question backup , you might follow that tag to its tag-wiki , which gives you some insight into available backup methods . you will quickly see the one coming closest to dd being nandroid , which copies entire partitions . though you cannot restrict it in the way you can with dd , you could still take its resulting files , copy them to your linux computer , and use dd to work on them . one tool not mentioned in this tag-wiki is dd itself . you could check with a terminal editor whether it is present on your device -- chances are good : i just checked with one of my extracted nandroid backups , and found dd as a symlink in /system/bin , being a symlink to /system/toolbox . if you cannot find it , but your device is rooted ( which i assume , as otherwise dd would not make much sense ) , you could look for a busybox which brings it along .
System settings &gt; My device &gt; Language and keyboard &gt; Language . note : i also have an s4 , and also from philippines .
let 's talk about sets , baby android 's backup service has a concept called a set : the set of all data backed-up from one device ( on one transport , but that is a detail ) . each set is identified by a unique string , such as the imei on the device . when an app ( or the list of installed apps ) is backed up , its backup data go into the set associated with the device it is being backed up from . all the sets are still specific to the user 's google account . if you wipe your device and sell it to someone else , he will not be able to access that device 's set unless he can log into your google account . default behaviour when an app is installed , or a device has its list of apps restored , the backup system first looks in that device 's set for backup data for that package . if it does not find any ( either because it is a completely new device with no backed-up data , or because that package has never been installed on that device ) , it'll expand the search to other sets . ( if there is a choice , it'll use the last set that was used for a full-device restore . ) thus , when you set up a new device , it'll restore the list of apps from an old device 's backup , and restore each app from the old device 's backup . if you had an app installed on one device and you install it on another device , the app will be restored with its data from the old device . in either case , the data are now backed up into the new device 's set , which means that the backup data from the two devices are separate from now on . after you factory-reset a device , it'll restore from that device 's last backup if there is one , and failing that , from some other device 's backup if there is one , but it will start to create its own set from then on . that is why nalum 's two devices do not see each others ' backed-up apps : they are each restoring from their own last backups . source this mechanism does not have any user-facing documentation , since it is supposed to automatically do the right thing , but the code is available . bmgr: basic use as izzy found , the bmgr tool gives you some control over this process . it is intended as an aid for programmers to help test and debug the backup integration in their apps . you can use this tool in an adb shell to trigger backups and restores of chosen packages , wipe packages ' backed-up data , and even a whole-device restore . do not try to use it in an on-device shell except as root : you need the system-level android.permission.BACKUP to do anything interesting with it . you can make an app update its backed-up data immediately : bmgr backup com.shadowburst.showr bmgr run  ( or whatever the app 's package name is ) . there is not normally any need to do this , as apps request their own backups whenever their data changes , but this lets you work around a badly-written app . to restore one package from the backed-up data it would choose by default : bmgr restore com.shadowburst.showr  but again , this will only do what the device would do on its own , so you should not need to use it . note also that the device already needs to be installed to make this work . more control now for the stuff that the backup system will not do on its on . to see what sets of backed-up data are available : bmgr list sets  and you will get some output like this :  3ff7800e963f25c5 : manta 3f0e5c90a412cca7 : manta 3dd65924a70e14c8 : TF101 3baa67e9ce029355 : m0  the 64-bit hex number on the left is a token . you will need this in a minute . the thing on the right is a ( relatively ) friendly name for the device that owns the set . for example , manta is the code name for the nexus-10 ; tf-101 refers to the original asus-eee-pad-transformer . once you have figured out which set you want , you can restore an app from that set using its token : bmgr restore 3ff7800e963f25c5 com.shadowburst.showr  you can add more package names to the end of the command to restore several packages at once , or you can specify no package name ( just the token ) to restore every app with data in that set ( that is , it does a full-system restore ) . finally , you can wipe an app 's data from the current set : bmgr wipe com.shadowburst.showr  this will make its next backup operation start from scratch . this might be useful after uninstalling an app , if an error in the app corrupted its backup data and you do not want it restored . you can not make a device start writing into a different set , nor can you wipe a whole set .
the following is by far no answer to the question , but might shed some light on some details : some pieces extracted from the backup api though the api is mainly targeted at developers , there are a few facts we might be able to extract for our case . in the following list , italics mark quotes from the api documentation . android automatically performs a restore operation when your application is installed and there exists backup data associated with the user . &rarr ; this can mean two things : if an app supports the google backup api , and the user has the google backup enabled , available backup-data will automatically be restored on installation . good thing when you install an app used on a single device to a second device for the first time . backups are only associated with the google account , not with the device ( and there exists backup data associated with the user ) -- or the other fact was just ignored as irrelevant for this special case ( "app is installed" ) the backup transport is the client-side component of android 's backup framework , which is customizable by the device manufacturer and service provider . the backup transport may differ from device to device [ . . . ] &rarr ; this might explain the unreliability when it comes to different devices ( or different android versions ) . ( emphasis mine ) data backup is not guaranteed to be available on all android-powered devices . ( no comment ) google provides a backup transport with android backup service for most android-powered devices running android 2.2 or greater . &rarr ; here we have the minumum android version required for google backup being available at all : froyo , aka android 2.2 to get your backup service key , register for android backup service . [ . . . ] &rarr ; each app must have its own key . there is no " why " described , but a good guess : to isolate the backups so no app can read backups of another app ( wrong key ; as for backups of another user : wrong account ) while developing your application , you can initiate an immediate backup operation from the backup manager with the bmgr tool . &rarr ; looks like there is a way to manually trigger backups ? let 's dig into that later . &darr ; when it is time to restore your application data , the backup manager calls your backup agent 's onRestore() method . &rarr ; this again underlines the first item of this list : first the app must be installed , then their own implementations are used to restore its data . on a second look : if the app-restore fails , there wont be a data-restore for the failed apps -- until you manually install them via google play . then , as the first item showed , data should automatically be restored via google backup under the explained conditions ( must have been backed up with it , same account , etc . ) backing up other files &rarr ; forgive me not quoting from the ( technical ) contents of that chapter , but in short : only files from internal storage can be backed up according to it . some pieces extracted from the bmgr api it provides commands to induce backup and restore operations [ . . . ] &rarr ; looks like here 's a way how to trigger actions manually if the " automatism " fails these commands are accessed via the adb shell . &rarr ; this does not need any explanation : ) adb shell bmgr backup &lt;package&gt; &rarr ; ok , so this action is bound to apps . guess if you know the data provider 's package name , this should work as well ( e . g . com.android.providers.settings for the system settings , or com.android.providers.telephony for sms/mms etc ? ) you can force all pending backup operations to run immediately by using the bmgr run command &rarr ; the first command just " schedules " backups . having triggered all packages , this can be used to immediately execute them . adb shell bmgr restore &lt;package&gt; &rarr ; this looks to nice to be true , right ? exactly , because : the backup manager will immediately instantiate the application 's backup agent and invoke it for restore . data only , as the app already needs to be there ( as its routines are called ) . so in short : bmgr can be used to trigger backups for apps supporting google backup , which you have installed -- and it can trigger data restore for the same . it can not be used to trigger a complete restore -- at least that is not documented here .
i backed stuff up using both built-in google backup and helium backup before i wiped and installed carbon custom rom on a nexus 4 ( from kitkat stock ) . expected google to restore apps , settings etc . as it has done before when i have restored this phone but no joy . tried helium as well , also no joy , even with manual ' pc download ' restores - said ' restored ' but wifi and app data still not there . running bmgr restore &lt;xxx&gt; full restore and bmgr run as detailed above triggered the full google restore and worked a treat - lifesaver for me ! google could make a better effort , especially if they want to compete with the apple ' just works ' idea . . . still i do love the hackability of android despite its pitfalls !
my experience with it has been that each device has it is own backup . i get this from messing around with my nexus 7 and my galaxy s ii . other than that i do not know . apps : my nexus 7 has these apps caustic , dc comics and 20 minute meals that upon factory reset of my galaxy s ii are not installed on the galaxy s ii . my galaxy s ii has theses apps drivedroid and human japanese that upon factory reset of my nexus 7 are not installed on the nexus 7 . the apps are compatible with both devices , so incompatibility cannot be the reason for them to not be installed on the respective other device . data : as for wifi and other data i am unsure as each time i have set up the wifi on each device during the initial android setup . as to other google accounts that you may have they do not seem to be copied to each device and the same has been true of skype and github accounts on each device .
i think i found a way to do that : decompressing launcher2 . apk ( trebuchet launcher app ) i found an interesting file named default_workspace . xml under /res/xml folder of the app . with all the necessary to place widgets and icons on different workspaces and xy position . hope it helps
if you get nova launcher ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teslacoilsw.launcherhl=en ) you can backup and restore from the settings menu . use this with dropbox and you have got an easy end to end solution
unfortunately , it seems like the htc aria does have that ability , but at and t has removed it .
you can install apps on the htc aria using the adb client . you will need to install the android sdk on your pc , and then use adb to install the . apk files . to install the android sdk , follow the steps in the android developer 's guide to setting up your phone for development . if you are on windows , you will need to go to htc to get the device drivers , as google only provides drivers for their devices . for some reason htc does not publicise the adb driver well , but it is included in the htc sync software . you can grab the latest version from htc 's aria downloads page . mac and linux users do not need to install device drivers to use adb . finally , connect your device to your pc , making sure that debugging mode is enabled on the device . you should see an entry in the system tray stating that the device is in debug mode . on your pc , run the following command : adb install yourapp.apk  this will install the app on your phone , and you will be good to go ! note that you will either need to have the android-sdk/platform-tools directory in your path , or run the command from that directory .
you could try the instructions in this xda post . be aware that doing this will disable your ability to send/receive mms messages , and will require a hard reset to fix : go to your " settings " go to " applications " go to " manage applications " go to the " all " tab ( or any tab that will display all your apps ) find the applications " customization settings provider " click on " clear data " go back to " all " tab ( or any tab that will display all your applications ) find the program " settings " click on " clear data " finished if you go back to " applications " you will now have the option to enable " unknown sources "
i know this is a really old ( and probably no longer relevant ) post , but as i have an htc aria and i shared the same issue , i thought it was worth posting another option . i would suggest checking out a program called superoneclick . with it , i was able to permanently enable my aria to install non-market apps . it will also allow for the installation of the amazon market . all of this without having to root your phone or do anything to void the warranty ( at least to my knowledge ) . it was very easy to use .
is the following settings enabled in settings -> account and sync : bakcground data , auto-sync ' sync gmail ' inside your email account
it is impossible to root out touchwiz without modifying the samsung source code to remove and replace it ; it is heavily embedded in the os . this would be a massive effort and i do not believe anyone 's done it . the only alternative is a rom built from stock in the first place , such as cyanogen as ryan mentioned .
try to use smslemon . com . it is very helpful service . you can send , receive , browse and search your sms . their android app can be found here .
desksms is another option , recently released by koush ( maker of rom manager ) . i have not tried it myself but it is getting great reviews .
only answering the " search my sms by text " part , but you can quite easily sync the reseived sms text messages from both phones to the same ( or separate ) labels in gmail and then easily search both phone 's worth of texts in gmail ( on the web , or even in the phones ' gmail apps ) using an app like sms backup+ . sms backup+ syncs all of the sms ( and optionally mms ) texts received by a phone to gmail , putting them all in a specific gmail label . if you install it on both phones , you can either sync them both to the same label if you want them all pooled together , or sync to two similar labels to keep them separate and then you can still search both phones worth of texts in one go . if you sync them all to the same label , just select that label in gmail and search as normal . if you sync them to separate labels then , if your first phone 's messages sync to a label called " smsone " and your second to a " smstwo " label , you can search for the word " test " by putting this in the gmail search box : l:smsone OR l:smstwo test 
google voice .
no . even humans , who are much better at vision and understanding pictures than computers are , can not determine accurate dimensions just by looking at a photo . the closest you can get is apps like in is there any app that measures the distance using the camera ? , but they can only answer simple questions using trigonometry : if you know how far an object is from the camera , it can measure how big it is , or if you know how big it is , it can work out how far away from the camera . even then , they can only give very approximate answers . an app like that would not be able to tell the difference between a 30" or 34" waist , for instance . the only way to use your phone to " create an image rendering " with this data would be to use a drawing or 3d modelling app to make the picture and then add labels for measurements you took with a tape measure .
at least on the samsung galaxy s2 , this can be done as follows : go to settings → language → keyboard → samsung keypad , click the setting button next to the samsung keypad → advanced , make sure " key tap " and " vibrate " are both off .
this is for the the acer android tablet : go to the keyboard and press and hold the key with the microphone icon and the input options menu should pop up , you then have access to android keyboard settings . . . uncheck the typing sound box and there you go . . . simples .
this is for the samsung galaxy mega , go to settings then my device then language and input then look for " keyboards and input methods " . just above " swipe tap " is " samsung keyboard and to the right of it is the setting icon press . press icon then uncheck " keyboard sound "
go to settings > language and keyboard > android keyboard and make sure " sound on keypress " is unchecked .
from your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language and Keyboard . from here select the keyboard you are using . in the next page of settings , you should see something like Audio feedback for swype , or Sound on keypress for flext9 . you can modify Vibrate on keypress there too if you wish .
its system volume set to 0 no more typing sound
go to : settings -> sound and display -> system volume and set that down to 0 . . . . . that is it you wont hear another sound while typing
there are different approaches to app2sd , which are briefly explained in our app2sd tag-wiki . the app2sd built-in to android only moves parts of the app to sdcard , while other parts ( e . g . the app 's data and its dalvik cache ) remain on internal storage . how much ( or what percentage ) gets moved varies from app to app – which is what you experience in the described case . moreover , an app needs to explicitly support this mechanism . there are different other approaches pre-installed with some custom roms ( such as app2sd+ ) , or separately installable on rooted devices ( such as link2sd or data2sd ) trying to fill this gap ; to completely move an app out of internal storage , one often has to use combinations of at least two of those tools . please see the linked tag-wiki for closer details .
its shows that your phone is in extended standby mode . you can find it in Settings-&gt;PowerManagemnet extended standby mode increases the standby time by reducing the background activities when the phone is in standby mode . data will automatically be turned off and background activities will be stopped from waking up , while applications will also be prevented from syncing data . you will still be able to receive calls and texts , while the calendar application and alarms will still feature normally . as soon as you unlock your smartphone it'll go returning to functioning normally . any ongoing downloads or bluetooth transfer will be allowed to complete and once completed data will be turned off . extended standby mode is replaced with stamina mode for xperia running on jellybean or higher source : sony
this is battery stamina mode . with sony’s power management setting called battery stamina mode , you can extend the standby time of your xperia™ device by more than four times . with battery stamina mode turned on , the background activities of most applications are reduced when you turn off the screen .
websharing : http://www.appbrain.com/app/websharing-file-media-sync/nextapp.websharing.r1
there are a few apps that will give you similar functionality to what you are looking for . i would take a look at this article , it may be able to point you in the right direction . swiftp would probably be your best bet , although i do not know if you could stream music , which it sounds like is what you are trying to accomplish . might just have to copy to his computer via ftp , then open from there . estrong has a samba ( windows file sharing ) client , but i do not believe you can serve files , so that will more than likely not do what you are looking for . and the other one listed there , on air , i am the least familiar with . have not used a mac since the screens came in several shades of green , and never had any experience with using the webdav protocol in windows , but based on the description it looks promising .
i just can add to this , that vml is supported only by microsoft products ( and they will support svg in ie9 ) , and as you know there is no microsoft internet explorer ( or any microsoft browser ) for android : ) vml is still supported in internet explorer 9 but microsoft expects web sites to transition to svg in near future .
currently , i have only seen two browsers on the android platform that display svg . the opera mini browser displays static svg . it seems to run scripting for a very short period of time , but does not run it continuously . it also does not appear to run smil animations . the fennec ( firefox mobile ) beta browser also displays static svg , as well as running scripting . it is still in beta and relatively huge . it does not run all of my example scripts successfully , but it does run some . i can not test smil animations , because i removed it to free up a large amount of space on my phone .
i use quickpic and it has a rating of 4.7 .
the only app i have got that is able to run . gif files is fast image viewer free .
why do not you try animated gif player ?
navigating to the folder the gif file ( s ) are in with another browser besides the stock android browser works for me . e.g. : if your gifs are in the downloads folder , open firefox , go to address bar , type in : /storage/emulated/0/Download ( it may auto-complete for you ) . you should get a basic Index of: ... page from which you can click on the name of the gif . tested with firefox 21.0 and chrome 27.0.1453.90 on a nexus 4 . both browsers accepted /storage/emulated/0/Downloads , but chrome gave an access denied error on the shorter path /storage/emulated/0 . i recommend making a bookmark of the page , for easier access in future .
you can view them in firefox by typing in the gif folders destination . file:///mnt/sdcard/(name of gif folder)/ it'll bring up the items in that folder as a list . bookmark the page and store all your gifs in that folder . firefox is the fastest gif player ( that i know of ) .
the android browser will , but the image would have to be online somewhere . there is no way that i have found to open a local file in the browser . i suppose you could create an html file with the image and view it that way , but it seems a lot of hassle for little reward .
a google search shows me a lot of people have this question . . . looks like it is still an issue . although one post here says image viewer ( with animation ) v1.0 from androlib . com helped ( i have not tried it ) .
navigate to the location where the gif files are in astro and open using astro file manager . tried on jelly beans .
this is how i got it working : i registered a new account through my mobile phone ( htc desire hd , during phone setup ) . i got an email from htc sense with a link in it to confirm my account clicking the link open a page to htc sense , and tries to complete the registration and log you to your account page , but in my case it kept hanging while in the confirmation page , i clicked on login again and were able to log in even though registration was still ongoing . apparently the acocunt gets registered even though the page hangs .
on recent versions of android ( since 4.3 , at least ) you have to set a password as your device unlock method . if you have a pin or pattern unlock configured , it seems that there is no way to access vpns . dumb , but it is what it is . just go to settings > security > screen lock , and choose password .
go to Settings -&gt; Location and security -&gt; Credential storage -&gt; Set password to change it .
lots of users reporting about these trojan warnings . it may be avast virus defenition update issue . post from avast moderator update the vps to 14010901 source forum from google+ found this image . i think its a similar issue .
uninstalled , then reinstalled avast . scans now all clear . looks like a definite avast issue .
from the latest reviews on the play store it appears as though others are experiencing the same issue this morning . i expect there is a problem with the latest definition update which is causing a lot of apps to be detected as a virus/malware . the only advice i can give is wait for them to release a new update which resolves the issue . if there is a report issue feature within the app you could try using this , or the email address on the play store to ensure they are aware of the problem .
here is my comment as an answer xd there are custom roms like cyanogenmod that allows you to unlock using your trackball , dont know if there on market is and app for that . . . --some minutes ago . . . -- hey there is one at https://market.android.com/details?id=org.liberty.android.anyunlockfeature=search_result called anyunlock , there are other apps like this . . . . --as you discovered xd -- pd : rate with 100 for the effort :p
open up main settings > applications > manage applications press menu > filter > all search for calendar and calendar storage . clear data for both and then return to the calendar app . choose the calendar ( s ) you want from the options within the calendar app ( if you have more than the default calendar you wish to sync ) and then sync .
easiest way is via whatsapp or any other social networking sites which can send video .
yeah , that happens to me with my galaxy ace . i had to download samsung kies . i just run kies and then works great as usb storage ( you do not need to use kies , only run it ) .
by default , all devices do not have root , and are using stock rom . you need to root your device manually .
galaxy s duos was released with the ics onboard and there is no gingerbread available for this model . you should not use a firmware designed for other devices from the galaxy family - this is an easy way to brick you phone . " getting prepared " instruction is irrelevant .
getting prepared the firmware downgrade drill for the samsung galaxy devices is not much complicated as compared to the phones manufactured by other brands . it requires you to boot the device first into download/odin mode , and then into android recovery mode . i hope many of you would be acquainted with both the methods . even if you are not , it doesn’t matter . download the downgrade firmware for your samsung galaxy device and extract it on your computer . a good source to download samsung firmwares is samsung-updates . type your device name in the search box at the sidebar , you would find it hopefully . if you do not get it , let me know ( your device and country ) . to find out the correct firmware you can use csc codes . download and install samsung usb drivers on your computer . skip this step if you already have it . download odin firmware flasher and unzip it ( if you get any error with odin3 1.85 , try the greater version ) : odin3_v1.85 . zip or odin3_v3.04 . zip since the downgrading procedure will delete all data stored on the internal sd card of your galaxy device it will be better to backup your messages , contacts and installed apps . charge your device’s battery to the full make sure that you have turned on usb debugging from Settings =&gt; Developer Options . installing the downgrade firmware installing a firmware version that is lower than the current one is just the same as installing a higher one , but you have to one more thing that you do not usually do . i assume that you have already done as described above , so let’s go ahead . turn off your samsung galaxy device whether it a phone or tablet and boot into download/odin mode . if it is a phone , you can enter the download mode doing this : press and hold the Volume Down+Home buttons together and then long press the Power button till the screen turns up . now press the Volume Up key to enter the download mode . in case you have a galaxy tab device , do this : press and hold the Volume Up+Power buttons together , and then press the Volume Up key when prompted . now go to the odin folder and run the . exe file there . this is the time , you have to connect you device to the computer using a compatible usb cable . when the connection between the device and computer is established , the id:com port at odin will turn to yellow or light blue ( depending on the odin version you are using ) and you’ll see added ! ! text in the message box below . make sure that only f . reset time option is checked on odin . the auto reboot option is checked by default , so please uncheck it . okay , now click on the pda button on odin and select the firmware file in tar . md5 format . now click the start button on odin . this will initiate the firmware installation . wait till it finishes . finally when you get a pass ! ! message on odin , remove the usb cable from your device . now open the back panel of your device and pull out the battery . wait for about 60 seconds and reinsert the battery back to its place . now reboot your phone into android recovery mode . if you have a smartphone , you can do it this way : press and hold the Volume Up+Home buttons together and then hold the power button till the screen turns up and the samsung logo blinks for two times . release the Power button but keep the other two keys pressed till you see a black screen with green android bot and blue text . in case you got a galaxy tab or note 10.1 , press and hold the Volume Down+Power keys together for a few seconds till you see the yellow triangle with android bot followed by a black screen with blue text . in the recovery mode you will have to use the Volume Up/Volume Down keys to scroll up or down , and the Power button to select an option . so , scroll down to wipe data/factory reset option and select yes to confirm your choice . now go to wipe cache partition and confirm the choice . finally , go to the reboot system now option and select it . your device will boot now and it might take a longer time than it does usually . when it completely boots up , it should be on the downgraded firmware you installed . cheers ! please do this at your own risk . more details on this method can be found here .
in case some one else comes across this . i did not completely figure out why 1 updated firmware tablet works and 1 non updated tablet does not with the same file path from sdcard0 . i did notice on the updated firmware tablet in storage i have folders emulated ( read only ) , sdcard0 ( read/write ) , and sdcard1 ( neither ) . what i understand these are android 4.2 multiuser folders . using the html file from either legacy/0 folders within the emulated folder turns out to work fine with chrome . both those folders are read and write . so that is my solution for now . side note , the emulated folder is not on the non updated firmware tablet .
assuming you have windows media player , you should be able to do this pretty easily . in windows media player , click on the " playlists " selection . then select " create auto playlist " . click on " click here to add criteria " under any of the music libraries you see there . a list with a scroll bar will appear . at the bottom of the scroll selection , there should be an item called " more . . . " . click " more " . next , a new list will appear , and on it will be an item called " randomize playback order " . click that . then you will be brought back to the previous window . now click " click here to add criteria " again . click " more " again . this time select " limit total size to " . type in the total size you want . say , 4gb or so ? and lastly , save your playlist . at this point you can edit your playlist manually if you want . now that you have a playlist created , save it and then click " sync " to sync it to a portable device . follow the instructions . i usually manually remove the files first using the android file browser . but windows media player should handle that automatically if you do the " auto sync " feature . i am not sure if it just deletes everything first on the android device or whether it just deletes enough to free up space . i think it is probably the former , not the latter . hope that helps .
for the next time to store more information on the cloud : calltrack can sync your caller lock to a google calendar that gets backed up . sms backup can back up your sms to a gmail label .
as long as you did not turn these features off , simply tying your google account to a new phone will restore : backed up installed apps wifi settings bluetooth settings purchased apps not backed up preferences settings texts application data to answer your second question : the nandroid restore should work on an identical phone . however , this will not work for a different phone unless you only copied data in the backup . any system data will cause problems on a non-identical device .
it sounds like you are up to fixing it yourself . here are techrepublic teardown links in case you need them . just make sure you have the proper tools ( and patience ) . good luck ! techrepublic teardown - main speaker assembly - front
the samsung captivate 's speaker can work its way loose , usually after the phone takes a hard knock ( like being dropped ) . in most cases you can fix it yourself by opening the back and pressing hard on the speaker with your thumb . you should probably power the phone off to do this .
where is it ? it is inside an apk file for some application . can i access it without root access ? you can download the apk to your desktop and unzip it . dolphin hd . . . points to file:///android_asset/new_tab . htm since dolphin hd is not open source ( afaik ) , you have no way of changing this behavior . you also cannot modify this file unless you sign the resulting modified apk file with your own digital signature , in which case you would never again be able to get an update to dolphin hd . you may wish to contact the dolphin hd developers and suggest a feature that meets your needs .
there is no lawful way - you can download an apk of the production version on the internet but this is piracy and so unlawful and the beta has expired . you either need to have it preinstalled on your phone ( like with the samsung galaxy s ) or buy it from their site ( which i can not see how to do - it is not on the market , at least not for my htc desire ) . there are many other free swype alternatives on the market but i can not remember them off the top of my head .
check this out : http://www.droid-life.com/2010/03/08/swype-beta-apk-file-for-those-who-missed-it/ there is a download link , and step-by-step instructions for installing the beta .
swype has just released a second beta , but i believe this is only for those who were on the beta before . nevertheless , you can try it here : http://beta.swype.com/ to install swype , you install the " swype installer " which will authenticate you as a valid user and then download and install the actual swype apk . they are keeping tight control over the actual swype apk .
this is a common outcome for many possible problems . if you can get in to clockworkmod ( or whatever custom recovery ) try reflashing cm9 . if that does not work try doing a factory reset from recovery ( clear data/factory reset ) and then reflashing cm9 . on the international sgs you always had to flash cm-roms twice ( on first flash it sets up the partitions and on the second flash it finaly flashes the rom ) . if you still can not boot , flash a stock rom with odin ( i think it is odin you use for flashing stock roms , since it is samsung device , if not use whatever is recomended on xda-developers under topic named something like " restoring a stock rom" ) , and check that it boots that . after that install root , recovery and cm as before . if you still can not get it to boot after that , let us know .
this depends on how you have placed it . on some qi pads you can even hear the difference . . . try moving the phone around while it is charging . . . you can read this post i made about the heat wasted during charging based on the inductive permeance the qi pad " sees "
i had same problem before . user:eldarerathis was correct . it is swipe gesture that suppose to hide menu when you do not need it , but afaik , there is no way to turn it off . so , to get it back you should do gesture starting roughly a bit above browser icon and swipe down ( or up ) . i have fixed that another way - simply installed different launcher . problem did not appear
had this as well with the adw launcher from cyanogenmod . what you need to do is sweep downward in the place where the bar disappeared . you also hide it that way , probably accidentally like i did many times :d i had been thinking why this feature was there but can not think of anything , just to annoy users is my best guess .
if your internet is from a vpn or a server it shows the location of these servers instead of yours using the same method as the new geolocation function in html5 i suppose
turn wifi on if you have not got it on already . you do not need to actually connect to it , just to have it enabled . google uses the known locations of wifi points to help its gps calculation ( do not know if anyone else does , mind you )
if you go into maps on your phone , press menu , press latitude , press yourself , press " view your location history " , then press menu you should see an option to change your home and office/school locations .
you can manually set the location using an igoogle gadget or through firefox . what you are probably seeing when the location is " one block away " is that gps is not actually turned on on the handset . the phone is probably using positioning that is determined used cell phone tower location , so it will get you in roughly the correct place , but not the exact location you would expect if gps was turned on .
depending on your device ( does it support usb otg ) and your kernel ( does it support usb audio ) you could probably use any usb class compliant usb interface . you also need to use software that can " talk " to the usb audio device . one that worked for me was the shure x2u with one xlr input and a stereo output . i used it to record high quality audio ; it also plays back all my music when plugged in . the device i am using does not have a sim card so i do not know if this also works for phone calls . look at this android enthusiasts post for more info . edit : at the moment it is quite hard to find out if those things work on a specific device . manufacturers do not include the necessary data in their specifications . if your kernel does not support usb audio you can try others but most kernel threads on xda developers do not give information on usb audio so trying yourself is the best option .
partial answer - this link shows how to open subfolders on the galaxy s3 . but it does not work on my galaxy advance with android 2.3.6 . the native mail app seems only to display top level folders . k9 works better .
you can install cyanogenmod or any number of custom roms , but it sounds like you will need to develop a specific rom for your situation . if you only want the user to run a single app , i would imagine you had have to develop an app that declares itself as a home screen/launcher , and have your rom only include that app as the main launcher . this is basically how barnes and noble made the nook simple touch . their own launcher is very limited and does not let you install apps or see anything that looks like android . as soon as you get root via an exploit , you can easily install your own launcher that gives you access to the standard android interface and turns the nook simple touch into a fully fledged ( if limited ) tablet . a specific implementation is outside the focus of this stackexchange site , but you can get programming advice at stackoverflow . com
running flappy bird with no network results in heaps of these app_process instances running . each uses about 7mb of ram and they do not go away . using " os monitor " i have never seen app_process instances except for this . however , killall app_process rebooted the phone so clearly there are other instances running , probably with changed identities . os monitor sees these , as does ps on my phone so for me , seeing app_process is never good . i would guess something has failed to start or failed to cleanup when exiting .
i had a similar problem before . in my case , the culprit was one or more background services . deleting google goggles solved it for a while , then it came back . this time , i removed trust go . so far , so good . whether or not you have those specific apps , i would say there is a fair possibility that one of them is the problem . i tracked it down by going to settings > developer options and checking the box to overlay the processes on the screen . this is important because the act of using another app to check on what is happening can itself change things . i saw that even though a system process was eating all the cpu , trust go was frequently in the top five . removing it seemed to cure it for me
the best option ( albeit a rather pricey one ) appears to be the icontrolpad . it was originally designed for use with an iphone but now uses bluetooth to communicate with all bluetooth-enabled devices . it sounds like developers plan on supporting it , but i am not sure how well it will work with current games . edit : i recently became aware of another bluetooth gamepad that caters specifically to smartphones . it is called the bluetooth game gripper . there is an andoinica article about it here , and the kickstarter project is here . however , it does not appear that the maker has garnered enough vc to get the project off the ground , so i am not sure of the current status .
the status bar icons are found in systemui . apk which is placed in /system/app/ folder . use apk tool guide and decompile the systemui . apk file and follow this guide to make some mods as you wish . i have used this apk to change the signal icons , mobile data icons ( h , e etc ) , battery 1% modification etc .
are you running the stock rom for your phone ? if not , try a custom rom like cyanogenmod or aokp . i have had far better results with themes running a custom rom .
the icons are stored in the /system/framework , inside an apk called framework-res.apk which is referenced by framework.jar file . caveat emptor : interfering with it could cause the handset to boot-loop due to mismatched discrepancies , if the apk was recompiled , the framework.jar file could have difficulty in loading the resources ( hence part of the filename has this -res.apk ) . also , it would need to be re-signed with the system rom 's certificate which would be tricky to achieve if the keys are not present .
go to settings> apps> all> google play store> clear cache and clear data settings> apps> all> downloads> clear cache and clear data settings> apps> all> download manager> clear cache and clear data if you are rooted i would suggest wiping cache and dalvik-cache from your recovery . also you could try installing the latest version of google play application using the apk .
installing a recovery and flashing your rom download your recovery . img or wahtever the name is to your fastboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot reboot recovery now use your recovery to flash your rom . at this point you may not be able boot into your rom if you do not have s-off . but give it a try . if it works then forget the next few lines . copy the boot . img file from inside your rom and copy it to your fasboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash boot boot . img . now you can reboot to boot into your rom .
try juice defender . it has a data toggle widget .
no . it is not just a question of adding something to the chooser ( the menu of apps ) : there needs to be an app on the other end to take the photo , log into flickr , and understand flickr 's api ( the programming interface that apps use ) in order to upload the photo . it also needs to handle possible failures , such as resuming or retrying the upload later if you lose internet connection . if you want a share option that shares to flickr , there are many flickr apps on google play that only do uploading , and do not have any functionality to browse or view photos . that way you can have the share option while still keeping your phone lean . alternatively , you can browse to the flickr website in your web browser and upload photos from there . it is not as convenient but it is the only way that does not involve any kind of special-purpose app .
select system settings , then turn off blocking mode ( under the device heading ) . you ( or someone ! ) might have accidentally pressed that button when scrolling down the list . you could go into it first and confirm that the ' set time ' is 19:30 ; if not then the problem is something else .
i have run into this with some apps that break the link to the icon after an update . i have had to remove the icon and re-add it to get it to work again . i doubt that is any help to you but you could suggest they do that until you fix your code .
sounds like you may have changed the default launcher in your android manifest . check which activity has your ' launcher intent ' and if you have changed this . it will only occur on some phones . a fix is a total uninstall and reinstall .
if your device is rooted , you can use apps like autorun manager ( arm ) to list up all registered listeners , and even can disable/enable them at will ( e . g . to prevent a certain app from firing up at times you do not want it to ) . this would correspond to " clearing an association " .
you can remove some Intent associations by going to the specific app that you specified the Intent for in the Settings --> Applications --> Manager Applications --> [Find your app] --> "Clear Defaults" button . there is no way to view all associations given from Intents to Apps
i believe it is a no to both those questions . yes you can clear default associations only if you know which app is associated with with Intent ( you will still be prompted with the dialog asking you which app you had like to use with the current Intent ) . apart from that there is no way to clear associations . they are hard coded inside each app , there is no way to remove them . update : to answer your edited question head to settings > applications > manage applications find your application that you chose as your default app for that intent , click clear defaults
the bootloader is vendor and model-specific . it is not consistent across android 2.2 versions . a common way to get into the bootloader ( also called " recovery mode" ) is to hold a volume button down and reboot the device , releasing the button when you get to the bootloader . on my samsung galaxy s vibrant , the easiest way is to hold both volume buttons plus the power button , releasing the power button once the phone reboots and you see the " vibrant " logo , and releasing the volume buttons after the bootloader comes up . on my vibrant , the options include doing a factory reset and installing " update . zip " from the root of the internal sd storage . your mileage may vary . something like clockworkmod recovery can be installed on many devices , which provides additional options including backing up and restoring your phone 's rom ( os , kernel , data , etc . ) . you should be able to google " recovery mode " for instructions for you particular device .
also see http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=734138 for a discussion about how they might . mechanisms other than apn change might include time to live request header data volume answer seems to be probably not .
the most likely cause is that your pc can not supply enough current over the usb connection to charge your phone while it is awake . smartphones draw a lot of power these days , so their chargers use extensions to the usb standard to supply more power , so they can charge even while the phone is in use . most pcs do not support these extensions , so they can not . the solution is to use the charger to charge your phone . you can buy a y-shaped usb cable which splits the power and data connections , so you can have it plugged into the pc and charger at once if need be . some docking stations also have this ability .
read all the posts but did not want to do software surgery on my nextbook 7 while it was under warranty , so i called nextbook support . after a long delay they gave me a solution that worked . i had little free memory so apps would not update even though i had only the original google apps installed . for some reason the apps were duplicated in my internal storage partition . the solution is go to bootloader by holding down the power and volume at startup . then scroll down to wipe data/factory reset click power and then yes . now scroll down to wipe media partition , click power and yes . then reboot system . my memory went from 40 megs free to 260 megs free . all is good . i am betting this solves some of the other issues with performance as well .
i have been getting this error a lot lately ( stock n7 16gb ) , too , and i have plenty of room on my device . usually i can go back in and tell it to update and it will work the second time . just now i was getting an update message on an app and when i went in to update it there was no update option . i wonder if this is related to the new google play version coming out . i went to google play on my laptop and told it to update the app and it worked that way . you might try downloading the apk for the new play store and see if that helps .
depending on the app you use , it may be in a different folder . i know when i am looking for a file ( photo or download ) , i have to check my internal partition " download " folder , my external ( sd card ) " download " folder , or sometimes even on the root of either partition . if you used a standard browser ( stock browser , opera , firefox , chrome , etc ) , they all should have their own in-app download manager that lists the files you have downloaded . you should be able to open the file within the browser app ; if you can not , then you know the file is not downloaded .
ok , i think this might be helping , but it is an odd fix . . . after reading the answer to another question on this site i tried the following : settings | applications | manage applications | all | media storage | clear data rebooted phone opened gallery app ( nothing there , but i should have seen one picture ) took a picture ( now pictures started appearing in the gallery app ) and now the google+ app shows the correct thumbnail . . . for now at least . this is a pretty serious kludge and not at all user-friendly . i hope it helps someone .
theming is independent of the launcher , although both may be considered part of the ui ; for example , the touchwiz launcher and theme are elements of samsung 's touchwiz ui . my samsung vibrant is running a custom rom called bionix , and they have re-themed the device so my checkboxes look like this ( perhaps the only thing i dislike about the rom ) :
use framaroot to unroot it you can install the apk and run , it will show option to root it or unroot it and you can check the unroot your phone will be back to normal as you got it from factory
download supersu from play store and try again . or re root your device using original method .
if your launcher includes an " activity browser " ( as e.g. nova launcher and apex launcher do ) , this is easy to achieve : just long-press on an empty place of your homescreen , select to add an activity . activity selector in apex launcher ( click image for full size variant ) each app that provides activities ( that is , basically , a screen to interact with the user ) , should be listed here together with all the activities ( screens ) it offers . scroll the list until you find the app you want to add to your homescreen , then open the list containing its activities ( in the screenshot , the arrows on the left border indicate whether the list is opened ( up-arrow ) or closed ( down-arrow ) ) . if there is only one activity shown ( screenshot-example : locmgrpt ) , that is probably the one you need . simply tap it , and the icon should appear on your homescreen . if , on the other hand , multiple entries are shown ( as for locmgrpd in the screenshot ) , you might need to try until you find the correct one . often , the activity name helps you sorting out unlikely candidates . if you have found your target , you will have a corresponding shortcut on your homescreen . other than a simple " app start icon " , this is a " shortcut " , i.e. you could even jump directly to a " sub-screen " of the app . and there are even more uses for your findings : having the activity name , you could have that activity launched automatically using e.g. tasker , or call it from the command-line using a terminal app or adb . if your launcher does not support adding activities this way ( just apps , widgets , and shortcuts ) , take a look at activity launcher to substitute for this feature . additional highlight : it even allows you to chose an icon of your choice .
it turns out that on the galaxy note 3 that the voice recorder app is hidden away inside a folder called , simply , " samsung " . there is no visual distinction between a folder and between an app , so i had no reason to suspect that there was anything of value or interest to be had by clicking the icon named samsung .
after ignoring the message for a while , i now see that there is an option to postpone the update :
i called at and t , and this is a mandatory update . other than rooting , there is no way to avoid the message . you can avoid the download by not going onto wifi . if you install the update , you need to re-enter wifi passwords every time you reconnect to a wifi network . horrible ! i am avoiding this thing even if have to keep hitting the home key when the message pops up .
" starred in android " is a special group . you do not add a person to the group through the groups interface , but by tapping the little star on the contact profile on your phone . that sorts them to the top of the " favorites " list . there is no concept of a starred contact on the web app side , so i guess they decided to create this special group . ( in fact , from what i recall , this group will not be created until you actually " star " a contact . ) so , do not scroll to the bottom of your contact to try to add them to the " starred in android " group . scroll to the top and tap the star .
( initially , the device had xxjpk radio firmware , and it worked bad in moscow ( megafon operator ) . another device had spjg2 radio firmware , and it worked a bit better here . ) then i tried : xxjvt , which was installed together with cm10 . and it worked almost as bad again ( no signal in our apartment , where previously another samsung galaxy s had connection ) ; jw1 , jw4 ( radio-cm-7-GalaxyS-JW4-signed.zip ) , which were bad again ; Modem_XXJVT-CWM3.zip ( again xxjvt ) could not be installed into my device with cm10 from my cwm-based recovery ( something incompatible ) ; radio-cm-7-GalaxyS-JVT-signed.zip , which worked bad ; and , finally , ZSJPG_ICS.CM.I9000.zip ( from cm10 files ) works better ! -- it has better signal in many places ( but not as good as some other old mobile telephones with the same sim card in the same places ) . ( i saw a good reference to zsjpg in a message at xda-developers from april 2012 : " what do you prefer for a good stable rom in holland ? -- zsjpg . . best modem ever made" ; i started searching for it because i saw it among the popular/most-downloaded radio-modem-firmwares for sgs at 4pda . ru ( in russian ) ; in another thread at 4pda . ru ( in russian ) , it is listed among the modems for asia , and there is a comment below saying that jpg was the only one that worked good for that person in an office building . ) ( feel free to give other good tested radio firmwares here , if you have some experience or information ! )
32gb lexar microsdhc class 10 card . with sd tools benchmark i get 23.7 mb/s read and 9.1 mb/s write performance on cyanogenmod 7.1-rc1 . on stock 2.2 rom it had considerably lower values with read even less than write . the benchmark is run just after reboot to prevent caching mechanisms inflating the real values .
htc desire hd and htc inspire 4g supports sd cards up to 32gb capacity . but 64gb is not supported . i have checked it by myself . so you can buy 32gb card and be sure that it will work .
i have a 8gb class 10 microsdhc in my desire .
16gb microsdhc here with no problems .
the " hc " in every sd-card name simply means " high capacity " - i.e. every sd card with more than 8gb is a SDHC card . every " sdhc " card is sd-standart 2.0 ( "sd 2.0" ) . which means your device is compatible with a microSDHC card up to 32 gb .
in general , you can assume that " sd " refers to " sdhc " . it is the standard . if your phone supported sdxc , it would definitely be advertised .
the htc desire supports only microsd and microsdhc up to 32gb . sdxc is still relatively new and at present no handsets support it .
i also have a samsung galaxy s . if i open contacts and hit the " menu " button , one of the options i have is " import from sd card " ( also , " export to sd card" ) -- that should backup your contacts . i installed funambol sync to sync my contacts to my laptop -- that is another good option if you do not like google having your data . if you turn on usb debugging ( settings > applications > development ) you can connect your phone to your computer with a usb cable and copy the export file to your computer so you know you have got it backed up .
there is an application ( backup and restore ) that comes with android phones to back up all your contacts , messages , call logs , etc . use that and backup all your contacts . its going to place the file in sdcard . you can even store that in your computer . so later you can use the same file to import the contacts . i do not know why root come into picture . .
the samsung galaxy s comes with sim toolkit which allows you to move contacts from the sim to your google account . once done then your contacts are automatically backed up .
for a quick backup of your contacts to your sd card , you can use the export functionality of the contacts app . this is on a htc desire s ( running 2.3 ) - i would imagine that this is common functionality though : open the people application press the menu button select import/export choose export to sd card choose which account you want to export - in this case you are probably wanting the phone contacts , but you could choose sim instead . copy the created backup folder to your computer , the internet , etc .
did you try it over the build-in android &lt ; -> google account synchronization ? that keeps your contacts always synched up and moreover you have them available also online within gmail . from there you can even export them in different kind of formats as an additional backup if you like . more details , perhaps . . . : in contacts-> menu-> more-> contacts storage ( translated from my non-english-speaking phone . . . ) , you can select google . that will store any new contacts you add there , but as far as i know does not handle pre-existing contacts on your phone . what i did to sync up these old contacts was contacts-> menu-> import/export , and exported the contacts to a file on the sd card . i then used the gmail app on the phone to send this . vcf file to myself as an attachment ( menu in the gmail application to attach a file ) and used gmail from my pc to import the contact list from that message , merge any duplicates etc . etc .
are you talking about this ? source .
try appmgriii , its free , as there is no default option available .
the other way of doing this is more simpler , the blog which was where i learnt this from . adb shell pm getInstallLocation , the value returned is 0 is default . 0 is auto , will by default android os will install it as it sees best . 1 is internal , apps will get installed to the internal filesystem . 2 is external , apps will get installed to the external filesystem , by way of sd card . now , to change that to external location adb shell pm setInstallLocation 2 , the changes will persist across reboots and any apps will get installed to the sdcard by default . beware : i am unaware if this will work in the newer later versions of jellybean . as the latest i have is cm 10.1 android 4.2 so the mileage may vary . amendment : as per @izzy 's comment below , the newer jellybean version and probably will remain for later android versions from that point onwards the commands used above are , adb shell pm get-install-location and adb shell pm set-install-location respectively in place of the older commands as highlighted above . reference found here
you have to root your device : http://www.idroidspace.com/root-samsung-galaxy-mega-5-8-and-install-cwm-touch-recovery/ then install the app in the sd memory and then ( finally ) you can unroot your device so to do not lose the warranty or the o.s. update
i have the same problem with etech et-7008b tablet , the usb debugging is off before they made made too many pattern mistakes . my advice is make sure usb debugging option is checked/turned on before making any security password on your devices but it would be easier to unlock for those stolen or lost devices .
you have a stock recovery . try to boot to fastboot , using adb : apply this command in adb while in recovery : adb reboot-bootloader , or : adb reboot bootloader . try each one , if the first works , good . check if the device is visible by fastboot devices . if it outputs nothing , try the other command . it should work now . now you have to flash the recovery using fastboot flashing abilities . after that , try again .
factory-resetting only wipes the user data . if you want to go back to the original rom and unroot to fix your phone , you need to find the original rom that your phone came with , and follow the procedure to flash it to your phone .
hangout photos that you have shared can be edited or deleted . hangout photos shared by other people with you cannot be edited or removed . i find this process to be much faster on the website as opposed to the cell phone/tablet interface because you can search the page . finding your hangout photos ( direct link ) : go to google+ using the dropdown menu on the upper left side of the page , select photos . in the search box in the top of the screen , select the down arrow . - animated gif on the google help page shows where this is located as it is not intuitive ( expand desktop computer ) . select hangouts . to find hangout photos shared with you , view all your albums in google+ and search for an album with the prefix " hangout:" . they can also be found by clicking a photo in a google hangout message . note : you will not be able to edit photos shared to you by others . this can be very annoying as there is a questionable photo my wife sent me which i cannot remove from the shared album . in this case , i had to ask her to remove the photo from the shared album so it would no longer pop up in my photo gallery .
just remove your account from your device and the re-login but this time make sure you stop syncing all the data from your google account . select the options in the settings where you untick sync google+ photos option .
you can delete the photos via the google+ app or web interface . from the left-hand menu , click photos . if you have not turned on auto-upload and do not want to , click not now to get rid of the prompts . then , if you are in the app , open the menu that slides in from the left again , and choose albums from the menu ; or in the web interface , click more on the top , then albums on that menu . from there you can see the hangout photos , listed separately from the ' real ' photo albums . you can select and delete them to your heart 's content . note that " deleting " a photo from this view does not delete it right away : it moves it to the " trash " or " bin " . to finish them off , you can find that on the same menu you were just on , or just wait for 60 days .
have you looked on the market ? there seem to be a few dvorak keyboards available . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.reyn.truedvorakfeature=search_result https://market.android.com/details?id=net.xenionsh.android.dvorakfeature=search_result you should probably shop around and try as many as you can find . if you do not know how to switch to an alternate keyboard you have installed , look here : http://www.simplemobilereview.com/change-your-android-soft-keyboard-system/ if you are looking to change whatever keyboard you use now to the dvorak layout , that may be harder . it would depend on which keyboard you are using .
i am not sure is dvorak is available on stock firmware for optimus v , but there are many 3rd-party keyboard apps on the market that have it ( some require a separate download via a plugin . ) once installed , activate it by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language &amp; keyboard , and marking the checkbox next to the newly installed keyboard app . then bring up any text field ( e . g . google search ) and long-press it . tap on the " input method " menu item , and you will be presented with the list of all currently installed and enabled keyboard apps . select the one which has dvorak layout and you will immediately be able to use it .
fastboot is a binary and protocol used to communicate with android devices in the early boot stage . it allows to change of the boot target and therefore is often used to install custom boot-loader ( twrp , clockworkmod , etc . ) and roms . the binary often comes with the android sdk , for example on my linux system it is installed at /opt/android-sdk-update-manager/platform-tools/fastboot . there are also build instructions for fastboot on the official android page .
you might wish to take a look at soundabout , an app that allows you to route any sound channel the way you like : soundabout settings ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as you see , you can decide for each channel specifically where it shall be routed to . so you could e.g. have the notifications go to the speaker , while music and calls are routed to your headset . i am not using this app myself , so i cannot tell first-hand how well it works . but it has a free version to test , so nothing to lose . if you like it , buy it , and get additional features . for more options on headset controlling apps , be welcome to browse my lists ; ) before you ask : no , i am in no way affiliated with the app or its developers : )
unfortunately a2dp supports only stereo audio , it does not support two-way audio , i.e. your mic woud be useless if the calls were routed over a2dp . you will have to enable hsp for call functionality .
you could use the cheapcast to act as a player and control it from a desktop or another mobile device . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=at.maui.cheapcast
when the lock-screen is enabled , android disallows apps to interact with buttons in the way you ask . however , though it is not an app , but i believe cyanogenmod rom allows for this . and if that is the case , there will be other roms out there that allow for the same .
unfortunately you need root to be able to do that , despite you saying it , but thought it would be useful to leave that in here for others : ) all modern wireless cards chipsets would may have that feature to be able to sniff/monitor , but as matthew read pointed out in the comments below , its a grey area in terms of driver support . when you issue the binary command ifconfig there is a ' promisc ' switch to tell it to go into promiscuous mode to enable monitoring/sniffing .
you can use " emulator " from console . that way it will stay on regardless of eclipse state . starting emulator also , try using adb devices to find out is your emulator really running
you can reconnect your emulator using the android debug bridge ( adb ) . there are 2 primary methods to do this : in eclipse , open the " devices " view . the last button on the right ( upside down triangle ) will open a menu of additional options . the very bottom selection is " reset adb " from a command prompt you can type the following 2 commands to stop and restart adb . adb kill-server adb start-server
no . i have made my current city offline . but , when i do local search with third-party apps , the map is displayed after consuming internet connection . its task of third-party apps to cache fetched map data for future use .
google reader is a cloud-based feed reader service . on top of this service , there are many apps as a front-end to user . e.g. - official google reader apps ( web , android ) , feedly ( firefox , android ) etc . google currents is a front-end digital magazine/ newspaper delivery app ( with cloud sync ) available to android and ios ( no web interface yet ) . google currents can read feeds , but it was not designed for that . google has a vision attached with it : real digital magazine/ newspaper delivery which is beyond normal feed reading ! see the differences : feed publishers do not have control of content display in end app , but currents publishers do have . they can divide their currents in sections , sub-sections . they can decide the layout of this digital magazine etc . its not just nice looking magazine interface . . its more than that . feedly , which sync with google reader , also provides magazine interface , but its not really a magazine . think about your real-world magazine reading experience . currents can be premium . current publishers can charge you which is not possible with google reader . while there is a concept of premium feeds ( which is rare ) , google reader can only subscribe it . but , google currents can be marketplace for that . google currents can not replace google reader because its different thing . if you do not have special interest in those hand-created digital publications , go for google reader . you can use it on web , windows , mac , ubuntu etc along with tablets and smartphones ( all in sync for read/unread status , starred items ) . you can have thousands of interface choices thanks to google reader api . and yes , you can always mix feeds in google reader to create your own feed dj ( which is not possible with google currents ) .
google reader google reader is a web-based tool for gathering , reading , and sharing all the interesting blogs and websites you read on the web . it was released by google on october 7 , 2005 and graduated from beta status on september 17 , 2007 . is available on any modern web browser with javascript enabled . for further information visit : google support - getting started with google reader wikipedia - google reader google currents google currents is an app that delivers beautiful magazine-like editions to your tablet and smartphone for high speed and offline reading . it was released by google in december 2011 is currently available for android and ios devices . for further information visit : google currents webpage google play - google currents page wikipedia - google currents to answer your questions what is the difference between the two ? r : the major difference is that google currents is an app to be installed on your tablet or smartphone , while the google reader is a web-based application . is there any reason to use one over the other ? r : the major reason is that google current is currently available for tablet and smartphones , while the google reader , being a web-based application can be used on every device with an javascript ready web browser . does currents replace reader ? r : have not found any indication that google currents came to replace google reader . actually the opposite seems to be happening , as the google currents can accept your feeds from your google reader account . think of google currents as a more flexible way of reading feeds without the need of a web browser . reader app vs currents app you have mentioned on the comment for this answer that there is a currents app and a reader app . yes , it does exists and i did not know about it . just installed to compare the differences : reader app : continues to be a plain old fashioned rss feed , just with a new " face " . from differences between the mobile and standard web interface ( google support ) the mobile interface accesses the same subscriptions as the standard web interface , and items read on your mobile device will be marked as read in the standard interface as well . similarly , items read on the web will be marked as read in the mobile interface . the only difference is that you can not set up subscriptions from your mobile device . currents app : instead of adding direct rss feeds , you can add featured sites from well over 150 publishers that google has partnered with . they include forbes , techcrunch , allthingsd , the huffington post , abc news , al jazeera , and the guardian . you can choose sites from other featured topics including business , design , science and tech , sports , and your rss feeds from your google reader account . additionally , you can be a google producer and add your own content to google currents .
one other important thing to add about google currents is that depending on how many things you subscribe to , it can add on tons of megabytes to your phone 's memory . i have a samsung galaxy s3 and i noticed that with my subscriptions and feeds , the currents app is currently eating up 180 mb of memory on my phone . if that is not a problem for you , then currents is a nice format to read info that you receive from your google reader or maybe check out some magazines even . i myself can go without the frills to save that space on my phone . i believe in the end , it all just boils down to personal preference .
the problem has been reported and seems like it might be solved with some release in the mean while , an alternative would be : label contacts rather than put them in folder
you can not do this with the old " android browser " , but you can in chrome , which is downloadable from google play and comes installed on all recent android devices . the feature you are looking for is called chrome remote debugging , and it relies on having chrome on your desktop and adb enabled and connected .
palliatively , i installed kingsoft office , although it is so big for my device ( it is about 13mb in size , and all my internal storage is just 180mb ) . . . so i had to remove some apps to install it . well , it does the work well : show special characters without issues . but i wait for a solution for polaris office . . .
the question of " should they " is more a moral than a legal or technical one . they will not do this because there is no logical business related reason to do so . they had be confronted with a support burden when people want their problems sorted so now they had have in effect two phones worth of problems instead of just one . there will not be a stock version anyway ; they had take the android source and customise it onto their hardware/firmware etc , plus all the extra stuff they put on . they had need to do this twice , too . this is the reason nexus and pure google versions of phones such as the s4 exist . i am afraid you have no choice but to buy one of those up front and find your own network . rooting your phone is not so hard ; i have done this to an s3 , only to revert to stock because of all the problems i had ( cyanogenmod is not very well supported on the version of the s3 available in my area ) . samsung is still supporting the s3 with updates , albeit very slowly ( they have not yet released the 4.2 update for the s3 - the source of which was released almost a year ago - which was promised for various months this year and there are rumours they will now skip this and go straight onto 4.3 ) .
is rooting the only option available for me ? yes . should not samsung allow me just point my phone update link ( ? ) to whatever i want , as my contract expires ? no . the manufacturers do not have a legal or moral obligation to do so . they can provide the sources to the kernel on their site , that is about how far they can go . this is where the community comes in , have a look at this titled " where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? " google nexus line of devices are free from carrier related slow-downs in rolling out updates and fixes to android , which is why you pay the odds over for a google nexus device . not all devices are deprived of the pure google experience , i.e. no carrier bloatware , touchwiz , etc . it can be done by selected few talented developers , depending on the community and popularity of device in question . you are free once the contract expires and do whatever you want without violating terms and conditions . you can : sim unlock/network unlock root the device modify it flash a custom rom on it ( refer to the linky above )
a contract is tied to a service provider / network . if the phone was packaged together with their plan / contract , chances are the phone contains a rom that is bundled with network-specifc apps . also , it is possible that the phone is locked to that network only . for you to get around this , you need to unlock the phone so it can be used woth other networks . plus , you will also be able to flash network-neutral roms or custom roms .
copying a working su binary does not make the device rooted ! the method of rooting depends on supporting files , for instance : a shell script a binary that exploits possibly , another script to copy over the superuser app . . . also , it is entirely dependent on whether your handset can be rooted or not depending on kernel , android version , manufacture/make of handset . with jellybean 4.3 , it is now much harder to exploit and security has been clamped down more , this caused headaches for the creator of chainfire 's superuser app in order to work around the extra security put in place by default . it will be a matter of time now , when trying to exploit and gain root will become harder !
roms are device specific . so : no , you cannot flash the rom from your exhibit on your dart without most likely breaking the latter .
there are 2 versions of galaxy tab2 7 - wifi only and wifi+3g . 3g version just has a slot to insert your sim card ( near sd slot ) and turns your tablet into really big smartphone : ) i have also read , that 3g version is available only in europe .
make sure you have supersu installed from playstore . you mentioned root checker said not proper root access , means it did not ask access to check . i highly recommend supersu instead of superuser etc .
you need to fully drain you devices battery until it turns off by itself at then plug it in the outlet and leave it overnight . explanation : battery needs to be calibrated especially if you are not charging the battery to a full 100% . tips : charge your battery to 100% at least a week : ) ample power company suggests : conditioning batteries how do batteries that are only four months old die ? perhaps they were not broken in properly ; maybe they sat deeply discharged for a few days or more ; perhaps they were allowed to self-discharge . there is plenty of ways to murder batteries . all batteries that refuse to accept a charge are not necessarily ready for the scrap heap . often , a deep discharge followed by a slow charge will recover lost capacity and charge acceptance .
that is really not normal . the phone should behave completely normally right up to the point it turns itself off . since it is still under warranty , you should make a warranty claim . trying to fix it yourself ( or taking it to someone else to fix ) will void the warranty , and might not fix the problem , which would leave you worse off than you started . from what you have described it is not possible to tell where the source of the fault is . if you have a friend with an s3 you could borrow , you could try their battery in your phone to see what difference that makes ; but if you make a warranty claim , they will likely want to test both the phone and the battery , even if you think you have isolated the cause yourself .
http://plugable.com/2012/12/01/windows-8-and-intel-usb-3-0-host-controllers updating 3.0 drivers from microsoft to intel makes htc devices connect through adb and fastboot !
make sure cable is connected properly . try other usb port . close all programs running that is related to adb . go to developer options and tick on usb debugging . delete htc android drivers in device manager and reinsert you cable : ) then restart .
as it turns out , the issue was that my phone was no longer being recognised as a composite usb device by windows , meaning only one of adb , mtp or htc sync was capable of running at a given time . after the update , mtp was always recognised first . this explains both the 4.3 issue of mtp and adb conflicting , and the 4.4 issue of no adb . the solution was provided by htc 's support website : step 7 . if you could see your phone as the portable device on your pc , but there is still no " android usb device " in " device manager " , please try to manually update the driver for your phone . expand " portable devices " in " device manager " right click on your phone 's name or " mtp usb device " update driver software select “browse my computer for driver software” tap “let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer” don’t check “show the compatible hardware” select standard usb main controller select usb composite device in the right hand side list as the screen shot below and then click next after you click next , if there is warning message window pop up , please choose yes .
try uninstalling the previous drivers and after that connect your device to the pc and let the system detect your device drivers and download it .
try using the business calender app , or one of the offline calendar apps .
you need to include the port number . adb -s 192.168.60.69:5555 shell  if you are using a sensible shell with configurable tab-completion ( i.e. . not windows ) , then you can type adb -s tab to get a list of devices .
i am not absolutely sure , but i believe that that is a feature of samsung 's touchwiz ( proprietary build of android ) and only works select samsung tablets/phones , among them the galaxy s5/4 , note 3 . the lg g flex also boasts to have " dual window " , and lg g pro 2 has qslide for limited multitasking . other aftermarket android projects are working on it ( omnirom , paranoidandroid ) but that still requires a rooted device . the next best thing are " floating " apps , like floating apps ( free , $1.99 ) or tiny apps ( free , $2.03 ) . these apps create smaller windows that float over all other applications allowing you to interact with multiple apps simultaneously .
the samsung note 10.1 , 10.1 2014 , and 8 as well as the samsung note 12 pro are all samsung tablets that support multi window . also , in addition to the list provided in the answer prior to mine , the note 2 phablet has multi window ( note that not so apps can use multi window on the samsung devices though ) . there are also at least a few apps that you can download on most android devices ( not sure if they are usable on old versions of android ) that give you some multi window functionality , but typically only a few apps are supported and there seem to be many apps labeled multi window that are ripoffs so you have to carefully research each first . a few that appear good based on my research are multitasking and ixonos .
from whatsapp 's faq : " online " and " last seen at " are timestamps that tell you whether that your contacts are online , or the last time they were connected to whatsapp . " last seen at " refers to the time the contact left whatsapp . you can also think of this as " went offline at " so having the app open would still show you as " online " , but does not mean that any messages are being sent . note that even then , the timestamp might still be incorrect .
the whatsapp last seen timing is actually when was the last time the contact was seen online , or last used whatsapp . it is a time stamp that is generated by the whatsapp server . there are actually apps that track last seen timings of contacts , like this one called spyder . it is pretty cool ! it is like an msn console that shows which of your friends are online right now !
new versions of the market are rolled-out by google automatically ( and there is a slight chance that you never see the new market , but i do not think that this is true for the desire s ) . so the best thing is to wait . if you really can not wait you could try this market . apk , but i am not sure if it is the latest . make sure that you have " unknown sources " enabled . source
are you sure that you receive the message ? maybe you have the problem described here ( forget the part about wifi ) . if you do not get a beep nor a top screen message but you get the message once you re-enter on the talk application ( after a small delay ) maybe the problem is that you lose the connection with the server .
reading the very first line on google play for shark reader application for reading pcap files . which implies the op needs some tool to generate pcap files . . also , reading this also on google play for shark for root traffic sniffer , works on 3g and wifi ( works on froyo tethered mode too ) . to open dump use wireshark or similar software , for preview dump on phone use shark reader . based on tcpdump . please leave comments/send e-mail if you have any problems/suggestions . bolded sentence is my emphasis , so it seems a bit confusing and mis-leading . from the description on the play store , it is saying that using wireshark is a pre-requisite for shark reader to work . . but cannot find the actual app called the same . there is one available for desktop pc 's to allow sniffing of ethernet traffic , but for android , remains to be seen . also , for what its worth , sniffing traffic on 3g is questionable as that is dependent on if the radio base-band allows promiscuous mode , that is a given in order to be able to sniff traffic , even though its unlikely , due to proprietary nature of radio firmware . . ) wifi on the other hand , is extremely dependent of the capability of sniffing also , not all of them have the capability to go into promiscuous mode , again mileage will vary depending on the wifi chipset/driver and kernel regardless if rooted .
you could try wifinspect [ root ] or packetshark . both have buildin package analyse features . as far as i know , package sniffing is only possible for wifi .
directions taken from omg ! ubuntu ! . i’m assuming you backed up your data . download the corresponding android image from google . extract the downloaded zip . connect your nexus 7 to the computer with the usb cable . open a terminal window and type : adb reboot-bootloader , this will reboot the tablet into the android bootloader . in the terminal , use the cd command to enter the folder created after you extracted the previously downloaded zip , for example , Desktop/&lt;name of extracted folder&gt; once there , run the shell script : sudo ./flash-all.sh and wait for it to complete .
can you once try menu-> settings -> language and keyboard . the first entry is " select language " . english is third in the list in my phone .
you could get a us/uk firmware from samfirmwarec . com and flash it with heimdall / odin . but you will lose your warranty and i can not guarantee that it will work ( it could even leave your phone in an unusable state ) . flashing can be done with three easy steps : get your phone in download mode connect it with usb configure heimdall/odin and start the process there are some other things that you need to be aware off , but everything is documented in the links i included . maybe you son will also help you . : )
you can change to english : go to settings , then select language . i bought mine in beijing and i only use english .
i had this happen to me once . i think it had something to do with wifi being turned on while flight mode was on , but i do not know why . i fixed it by : turning off wifi turning on flight mode rebooting turning off flight mode rebooting turning on wifi
well color me dumb . i would recently installed an app called " autopilot " . it is supposed to put the device in airplane mode when there is no cellular signal . i work in the middle of an office building so it happens a lot . it burns through battery while it tries to establish a signal . the settings led me to believe that it would not touch wi-fi unless i turned a specific setting on . i did not , because i did not want to mess with that . however , after i uninstalled the app , the behavior has stopped . i should have checked that first . let that be a lesson : just because you do not think it is that new app you installed giving you grief , it just might be after all .
open up jorte and go to the " tasks and memos " section . click on the " task list " button , and there should be a " create " button that lets you create a new list . to view other lists , go back to the " task list " button and check/uncheck the lists you wish to show/hide . i do not know if there is a limit to the number of lists you are able to have in jorte ; i would imagine the number is a technical one that is much higher than an average user would ever need .
the max amount of task lists appears to be 3 , at least for me anyways !
there is a widget that allows you to combine widgets into a 1x1 square , called widgetfolder . unfortunately , it is not as sleek as even the standard folders , as clicking on it does not slide out a pop-up with the contained widgets ( or files , apps , contacts etc ) , but opens up a separate screen where you can open , arrange and add widgets ( or other folder items ) . opening up that screen takes a good one or two seconds , which can become quite frustrating in the long run . it also crashes to force close every now and then , especially when you are arranging or deleting icons from it . but so far it is the only one i have found . sadly , it is definitely not good enough for me to stop looking .
this might be a late answer , but lightning launcher is free , and allows you to put any widget inside a folder . you can even put more than one widget in a single folder if you like . the downside to this launcher is that when you restart your phone , the widgets do not reload , but it could just be my phone .
after much experimenting , it is apparent that you cannot put a widget inside a folder . folders will only hold shortcuts . i have a stock motorola droid with android 2.2.1 . admittedly , there may be a rom out there that lets this happen , and perhaps even a customized version from some carrier/manufacturer that allows it . but without significant modification , this just can not be done .
error code 331 is an error that you would get back from the sms gateway . it means : no network service is available . if you continue to get that message , i suggest you call your carrier .
its a pretty useless app if you do not use it ( forever ) . so what you can do is disable it . go through Settings&gt;Apps/App Manager&gt;All&gt;Voice Dialler&gt;Disable . thats it . you can enable it again if you wish when needed .
the htc desire by default allocates 250 mb of its internal memory for the /system partition , 40 mb for /cache partition and 147 mb for /data partition . the roms are usually packed in zip files and are usually about 155 mb in size . however , they do get bigger when unpacked . here 's how to verify that you will be able to flash a custom rom on your phone . download the rom you want to flash . i will use supernova rom here as example . unpack the zip file . in my case , this is Supernova_2.4.0.1_signed.zip . right click on the system folder and click properties . note the size of it . in my case this is 203 mb . right click on the data folder and click properties . note the size of it . in my case this is 17.9 mb . compare the found sizes to the reference sizes above . if your system folder is less than 250 mb and your data folder is less than 147 mb then it is all good . you will be able to flash the rom using the stock hboot image . this is true in my case for example . however , if you find that your data folder is bigger than 147 mb ( which is unlikely ) , or if you want more free space for things like apps and user data , then you will need to flash a different hboot image first which will layout the partitions differently so that you get more memory allocated to the /data partition . one such hboot image is called " bravo oxygen r2" . for more information and to download a differen hboot image , go to the alpharev website . what is contained in the system and data folders is what will get copied to the corresponding partition once you flash the rom .
unfortunately , there is no native method for this ( at least to my knowledge ) . but wifi switcher does exactly that . according to its description : the tool checks the registered wifi networks every 20 seconds . if one of these networks has better signal strength than the currently one , the tool changes the wifi network to this better one . but it is not that well rated ( 3.2 with 75 ratings ) . the alternative wifi jumper has a better rating ( 4.1@194 ) , but is not free : automatically connect to the strongest available wifi ( scaninterval configurable ) even unknown , but unsecured networks can be used automatically ( configurable ) optional : create wifi zones based on one or more radio cells to automatically start and stop wifi hardware .
you can do it manualy by using wifi analyzer and then connecting to the strongest wifi around you . i do not know an app that could automate this for you . link to app
the google voice app it self only lets you choose three things : all calls with regular number , all calls with gv number , or you can choose at a call-by-call basis . i do the call-by-call basis to get sort of what you want . i do not think there is any way to automatically have it choose one way or another per contact level .
you can do this with voice plus
i just found voice choice which claims to do what i want but i have not tried it yet because its a big purchasing decision at $3 . i will have to discuss with the family and check with my financial advisor . i will report back if it actually does the job ( or not ) .
although it does not address the real request , the widget available with the latest version of google voice makes it easier to switch modes as you can step through 4 modes ( do not use for calls/international calls only/ask for every call/use for all calls ) from your home screen . the widget is fast , so i think once you learn the sequence , you had be able to rapidly select the mode you want for a call before opening the phone app . i only wish you could select which of the 4 icons in the widget you want displayed so it could use less than 3x1 spots on the home screen .
i still have not tried voice choice , but i just downloaded this free app : voice plus this looks perfect . from the description : allows you to set rules for which number dialed will use your google voice number . specify rules based on area code or by contacts ( using contact groups ) . no more annoyance of having to press another button when dialing to choose where to call from !
check your picasa web album . i found that when i deleted my profile photo there , i was freed . . . finally ! it took several minutes to update .
i just ran into this same issue . i think it is because i had a contact for myself in gmail that did not match the capitalization that the gmail app ( or maybe just android ) uses for your personal email address ( all lower case for me ) . in any case , here 's the steps i took that fixed it for me . i am running jelly bean , so it may be a little different for you . open the gmail app tap the gmail icon in the top left corner and take note of the capitalization of your email address on the top left open an email that you sent tap on the place where your picture would be ( it should be a picture of the first letter of your first name ) tap on your profile picture in the popup to go to the contact details choose " edit " from the setting dropdown in the top right corner ( the 3 vertical dots ) change your email address to all lower case ( or maybe whatever showed up in step 2 . if one does not work , try the other . ) tap " done " at the top left . this fixed it inside my email . in order to also fix it in the email list , i had to also do the following . go to gmail 's " app info " page . ( under phone settings -> apps -> " all " tab for me ) tap " clear data " once the numbers finish calculating ( and ok on the warning popup ) open the gmail app and wait for your emails to re-sync enjoy your face you handsome devil . hopefully this works for you or anyone else that stumbles across this thread .
in gmail ( on the web ) you go to settings -> general . under there is " my picture " . excerpt from gmail help : click the gear icon at the top of any gmail page . click mail settings . from the my picture section , click select a picture . the upload a picture window appears . upload a new photo from your computer , or select a photo from picasa web albums or your previous google profile photos . drag the selected region to crop your photo , or resize the region by clicking and dragging one of the region corners . click edit photo in picnik to edit your photo . click set as profile photo . you can select whether you had like all gmail users to see your picture , or only those who you have allowed to chat with you , using the radio buttons next to your uploaded photo on your settings page . visible to everyone means anyone who you email , or who emails you , can see your picture . if you have a public google profile without a photo and you choose this option , your picture will be used on your google profile and will be visible to others there . visible only to people i can chat with includes users who have been given permission to see when you are online and to chat with you . as of the time that i am writing this , i believe that the gmail picture and the google+ picture are still separate from each other , but google+ profile picture , iirc , defaulted to this image . i want to add that ics added the " me " contact . from what i know , this contact is tied to your google+ account , and no one has seem to find a way to edit the info without deleting the contact and re-adding it .
i tried the other suggested answers but nothing worked . i then simply sent an email to myself to see if my avatar would show up as the sender , it did , and all other emails in my inbox refreshed and it showed my avatar from then on .
there are quite a few options already : chroot to a full fledged linux ( search for debian chroot android , it is got quite a few hits ) there are also native ports of debian or ubuntu for some phone/tablet models . shell access is already there : terminal emulator if you install an aftermarket firmware such as cyanogenmod you will get root access , busybox , bash , an ssh client/server amongst other things here 's the sl4a project ( scripting layer for android ) , it adds python , lua , perl and other interpreted languages to android you can build qt applications ( yes , even those using qtgui ) using necessitas -- a port of most parts of the qt desktop framework to android . applications as complex as quassel ( an irc client/server ) can be built with very minimal source changes . in theory this would allow you to build much of kde4 , though some parts ( e . g . the plasma workspace ) may be too heavily tied to xorg/glx . most c/c++ programs from gnu/linux that do not require a graphical interface can be compiled to run on android using the android ndk other things , you aware of . feel free to add it here
john as @thunsaker states this a htc sense mod and unfortunately cannot be changed . you could look at rooting your phone and putting a vanilla rom of android on or the fully customisable cynogen mod 7 , that way you can take back the control htc stole ; - ) . a place to start would be http://www.android.modaco.com
rather than modify your rom and switch over to cyanogenmod , why not simply use an alternative sms app like handcent sms or gosms . both have customizable options for sent message notifications , including vibrate pattern options .
in simple words yes ! can they be installed without your knowledge ? mostly no , but with hackers finding innovative ways to push malware through you could get affected . any app during installation asks for a few permissions , if i were to develop an application to spy on your location , your contacts , your messages etc i could very well just add these permissions on the app and discreetly upload your data . how would you prevent this ? well if you are downloading a music app and it asks your permission to send and receive messages or access your messages you can make an educated guess that something could be wrong here . your best bet at finding spy apps would be to see the permissions for apps downloaded and see if they match the functionality that is provided by them .
it is my understanding that , in a non-rooted android device at least , all apps are available to be seen by the user . now unless there is a security vulnerability that i am unaware of a " spy-app " will be visible to the primary user and owner of the phone . this does not mean it will be called " spy app " or anything that is obviously malicious but it does mean that if it is there then it will be visible . a great way to check if an app could be a " spy app " is to check its permissions , other than that its just good practice to know what is on your phone ( so you could see if an app is installed that you did not install ) .
try installing the official drivers from the android sdk .
i too have the same problem with the usb mass storage menu . after unplugging it from usage , i noticed after using the wall charger it doent give that option anymore when i want to copy files from my computer to the phone . the only solution i have came up with is turning your phone off then turning it back on . after that you will have the usb mass storage option back again when plugged into your computer . so anytime you use the wall charger to charge your phone over night or during the day , you must turn your phone off then on the enable usb mass storage again . ( after turning phone back on , do not reconnect the wall charger then to the computer or you will not enable the usb mass storage menu )
there are a number of programs . you are described the functionality of an ftp or smb service . one of the best is servers ultimate . you might also take a look at airdroid . type this in the file explorer window of your os to see a gui resolution : ftp://192.168.1.150:2121  ( the ip address should be replace for the one that servers ultimate pro gives you . ) you will end up with a regular file browser window where you can drag and drop items between your computer and your android . this is a view of your drag/drop ( copy option ) in linux : this is a view of your drag/drop ( copy option ) in windows : the android is on the left of the two pictures . the pc is on the right of the two images . when you drag and drop , you can drag and drop ( transfer ) full subfolders between the android and the pc , or of course individual files . enable write access for the user : ensure you have setup a user for your ftp server and enabled write access for this user . you can check this by clicking ( from servers ultimate pro ) : click on servers then click the ftp server you setup click edit click general click users click the specific user put check mark in allo write access
get adb running on your computer ( see e.g. : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) enable wireless adb on your android device on a command line : adb push &lt;local_folder&gt; &lt;remote_folder&gt; to get the files from your computer to the android device – or adb pull &lt;remote_folder&gt; &lt;local_folder&gt; for the other direction
no , while the phone 's powered off you can not read the files on it . if your bootloader is already unlocked , you might be able to find a custom recovery that just lets you mount as a usb drive . in that case , booting into the recovery would be sufficient even if the main os does not boot . of course , if your bootloader is not unlocked , unlocking it to flash a custom recovery would wipe the storage anyway .
go to Settings &gt; Sound &gt; Volumes , then tick Link ringtone and notifications volumes . if it is not there , you can use an xposed module like gravitybox to achieve the same result . just look in the Media tweaks menu .
if you have root , you can edit the settings database through adb : i first attempted to edit the field with the sqlite editor app from the play store : Settings Storage (com.android.providers.settings) \u2192 settings.db \u2192 system \u2192 window_animation_scale but it unfortunately gave me Update failed - error code 5: database is locked . whereas updating the database from adb worked fine . ( perhaps a different app would also work . ) other settings are also editable this way . if sqlite3 says permission denied you may need to chmod it to allow execution . you also may need to find the right path to use above for the settings . db file , here 's an example :
my understanding is that its operator defined per all the discussion i have seen around this , and does seem to be correct when i consider that on tmobile in the uk i can send a picture file around 258kb - with 640*480 dimension jpeg without any issue - which is plenty big enough for phones . i have checked to see if its working on a standard algorithm by using a much smaller picture file and size , however it still created a mms around 200kb ( around half the file size of the original picture ) , suggestion the algorithm is dynamic when it compresses the photo . further suggesting it really is operator defined .
i was having that problem , and the solution that helped me was to charge up the battery completely , then use the recovery boot menu to wipe battery stats . then , i used the phone until the battery died and the phone shut itself off . during that time , it is important to not plug in your phone to usb or charger , it has to drain continuously . then you can charge it back up again and use it as normal . it should help to make the battery percentage more accurate , and to drop in a more stable way .
well , after tearing my hair out and feeling my hair became lighter , i gave up . but then , the wifi of the laptop became even flakier : it can no longer connect to the office wifi . so , i did some drastic measures : uninstall all thinkpad utilities that manage the wifi uninstall the wifi drivers reboot reinstall just the wifi drivers afterwards , i can connect to the office wifi . . . and hostednetwork works ! go figure :-/
right . this is possible , which is great . log into the android device manage for a second time , before connecting the lost device : set a password , click on the " wipe device " option , but then press cancel instead of choosing to wipe it . the earlier request is then cancelled and your recovered tablet can safely connect to the net . the new password will appear , apparently magically .
ok . i have found the answer , at least for that rom : in the /system/build.prop file in the zip file , the first " section " has build properties , which details all the information that is visible in the " about phone " part . this is an example of it here :
check out " need to write " in the market ! i just wrote this app so i am shamelessly advertising it everywhere . i was facing the same problems , so i made it to have no file size limit other than your sdcard size . ntw lets you display and edit files small chunks of the file at a time .
try ak notepad . i am not sure what the upper limit is , but i know i was able to create a 30kb file in there no problem .
after trying a lot of different recovery images finally one of them worked . cwm 5.0.2.7 flashed successfully . people with the same problem can download the working recovery image file from this link
so i went digging in the cyanogen source code . it appears that settings work as follows : the brightness is determined from ambient light sensor based on spline ( can be changed in " adjust" ) . brightness adjustment - makes overall auto-brightness result darker or lighter by affecting gamma value . centering the slider means " no change " . adjust to sunrise and sunset - also affects gamma value , but based on time of day and time of sunrise and sunset . adjustment sensitivity - there is a delay in screen brightness changes due to ambient light changes . this settings affects the delay to make it faster / slower .
based on android ics spell checker does not know how to spell ( english ) ? , spell-checker seems to be enabled [ but there is some issues ] . right now , i am on samsung galaxy s2 ics [ using cyanogenmod ] , and there is a checkbox to enable spelling correction . when i was using stock ics , i could turn off spelling / auto-correction , but it might be because i was also using a 3rd-party keyboard [ go sms pro ]
only dual-transfer mode phones and networks can use both voice and data at the same time . i can not find any hard details on the desire hd but i assume it is not dtm enabled/capable .
if you format your sd card with the ext2 file system you can create a symlink from Camera to 100ANDRO . if you do this , any app that tries to read or write to Camera will be redirected to 100ANDRO . to do this , you will need a pc running linux , osx or another unix . as i do not have one available , i unfortunately cannot give you any exact instructions . note that you will not be able to mount your phone in msc mode on windows if you do this . also , i am not 100% sure that gingerbread does support ext-formatted sd cards .
use an app like gallery excluder . alternatively you could do it manually . in the folder that you want to exclude create an empty file and name it . nomedia than you need to delete the media scanner database . go to : Settings -&gt; Apllications -&gt; All -&gt; Media Storage -&gt; Clear Data  now reboot your phone . it might take a while for your pictures to appear again but these instagram folders will not be there . instagram unfortunately does not have an option to choose a folder for saving pictures . if the above does not work or if you want a really cool gallery app try quickpic .
no , it does not have any kind of pass through . you cannot charge or dock the prime when the gps dongle is plugged in . here 's a youtube unboxing that provides a good overview of its physical design .
simple hack : cover it with a small strip of black sticker . or , cover the nightstand with a handkerchief . complex hack : find if the usb port driver allows you to turn the light off ; i think that is quite unlikely , as it may be hardwired to the hardware itself .
a google engineer said ( on google+ , i think ) that nexus phones are designed to not charge the battery to 100 % , as it is stressful for the battery . even when a phone shows 100% and charged , the circuitry actually charges and discharges the battery , always keeping it under 100% ( and above 92% , i think ) . i tried to find the source , but google search has not turned anything up yet . will add it here if i find it later . so when your device does not show 100% , do not panic . that is by design .
depending on the version of android you can create multiple users where each user has its own accounts system . http://www.howtogeek.com/170191/share-your-android-tablet-and-keep-your-privacy-with-a-guest-account/ the only other way to work around this issue is to create a new account just for that device and use play store with it . most of google apps seems to be really coupled at the moment .
you can add more reminders for one single event . if you want something more " loud " you should edit the notification sound to something like a longer notifications sound so that it will vibrate for all the sound duration .
allshare is a samsung specific product , which might not be available to devices of different brands . however , as it is basically a dlna server/client app , you might want to take a look at some of the many alternatives available . a very good choice would be bubbleupnp , which acts both as server and client ( so you can stream from your device to other dlna/upnp clients as well as the other way around ) : bubbleupnp is a full featured upnp/dlna control point , upnp media renderer and upnp media server . play easily your music , videos and images on your phone and devices on your network ( dlna tvs , xbmc , wmp , . . . ) , from your external upnp media servers . play your phone/tablet media to those devices . browse and play your local phone/tablet and cloud media from other devices ( ps3 , . . . ) . bubbleupnp can also be used as a standalone music player , even without any network connection .
not a lot of information but to venture a guess -how old is the battery ? batteries do not last forever . what radios ( gps , bluetooth and so on ) are running ?
sorry i can not give you any help with the root part since i have never done it but i could let you know what to look out for if you want this action to occur with another app . pretty much when you plug the phone into the car dock . . . an Intentis created . if an app like custom car home or another other associates itself with that Intent then the user will receive a selection dialog asking them which app they would like to launch for that intent/action . if at the moment the only thing that happens is the samsung desk home is automatically launched , then this is probably because custom car home has not associated itself with that particular Intent . from the sounds of what tasker can do ( and i hear it can do a heck of a lot ) this should be manageable through it . try to set up an app launch on a specific condition . that condition is when the phone is docked into the car dock . tasker will then associate itself with that Intent and fire off your desired app . hope some of that was a little useful . sorry i could not be much help .
i have some experience with this on the developer side of things ( i am the developer of car dashboard ) . basically , the application has to support the car_dock intent . then , when you dock your phone in a car dock , the phone will go into car mode and it will automatically launch the application . the very first time it launches , you will be presented with a list of multiple " car home " like apps to choose from and you can optionally choose one of them to be the default . this works exactly the same way as switching to a new home launcher . note : however , that your dock must have a magnet ( or similar ) to activate the car mode . however , it could be possible there is something in the samsung 's version of the os that could be preventing you from launching other kinds of car home replacement apps .
sometimes a damaged usb cable , low quality cable , or one that is too long can cause this as well . so perhaps make sure you are using the original cable that came with the device . also if you are using a usb hub with a desktop computer try plugging the cable directly into the computer instead .
i was having the same issue with kies . latest version of kies and latest usb drivers solved my issue .
there are multiple possible solutions to the problem behind your sync issue : make sure auto-sync is enabled press your device 's &lt ; home > button , then press &lt ; menu > . select settings . select accounts and sync . make sure the checkbox for auto-sync is checked . turn sync off and on press your device 's &lt ; home > button , then press &lt ; menu > . select settings . select accounts and sync . select the account with sync problems . uncheck the box next to sync calendar to disable calendar sync . then check the box to re-enable calendar sync . note : if the box next to sync calendar was unchecked , simply check the box to re-enable calendar sync . clear cache press your device 's &lt ; home > button ; select App Settings ; select All ; swipe until you find the calendar app and tap over it ; tap over clear cache ; perform a resync to google . if that does not work , go through the same steps but tap clear data and perform the resync to google . sources : google support : problems with sync google calendar app not syncing to google calendar online
did you try syncing your calender ? go to Settings--> under the Accounts select Google --> in that menu select your email address --> then in the new menu " uncheck " Calendar and " check " it again . it will sync and most probably you will see the shared calender .
if you can find someone else with an unlocked nexus s , you can use nandroid backups to do everything on their device and then duplicate efforts to your device , like so : let 's call your phone device a and theirs device b . boot into recovery on both devices , then make a nandroid backup of each device , which i will call nandroid a and nandroid b , for each phone . using some sort of wireless file-transfer application ( airdroid , samba server , etc ) , transfer the nandroid backups to a computer for safekeeping , and then put nandroid a onto device b and boot into recovery on device b . wipe the cache , dalvik cache , system partition , and data partition , then restore nandroid a onto device b . once the restore is complete , boot device b normally and perform the ota update as you would under normal conditions . reboot into recovery on device b after installing the update , and make a new nandroid backup which i will call nandroid a2 . then , move files around wirelessly as outlined above and wipe device a and restore nandroid a2 to device a . finally , wipe device b and restore nandroid b to device b and give it back to your much-indebted-to friend . be careful when you wipe before a restore /not/ to wipe the internal storage on the device . the nexus s does not have an sd card slot , otherwise i would just advise you remove the sd card altogether while restoring . . . but twrp has a pretty straightforward checkbox that will help you make sure you are not wiping your internal storage . yes , this method is roundabout and long-winded , and yes , it does require access to hardware that you may not be able to get your hands on . but it will work .
use an app like wifi file trasnfer to transfer the stock image to your phone and then flash it using whatever recovery you are using .
i believe it is necessary to install the android sdk first on the samsung galaxy tab3 . thank you , frank .
it means exactly what it says in the faq . one tick - your message has been sent successfully and is waiting for them to open the app and look at it . two ticks - they have opened your message .
same as in normal chat . one person read message . -- drklo (github.com) source : https://github.com/drklo/telegram/issues/397
actually it is very intuitive , open the app drawer , look for settings , then follow below : language and input > keyboard and input methods > android keyboard ( aosp ) settings > input languages and in this list tap to put a check-mark for both english and french .
you can achieve this using third-party keyboard apps . try multiling . i like it particularly for 2 reasons : it is highly customizable : from the look to keyboard layouts to languages to sounds to effects to emoji icons to tablet layouts and much much more . it supports my native language = ) ( uzbek - a minority language ) with the autocompletion dictionary . and the best part ? it is free ! background info although i do not need french and i only use the qwerty layout , i tried adding french and the layouts you mentioned and it worked and i was able to do that pretty quickly . note that you will not be able to change the keyboard layouts as quickly using a shortcut as you would change languages ( swiping the space bar ) . however , i am assuming one does not need to change layouts that often since it is a matter of typing preference . setting up languages and layouts once you install the keyboard , follow these steps to add languages ( the app will actually present a very convenient step-by-step set up wizard when you first run it ) : settings ( not android settings , but multilang keyboard settings - there is a key for that on the keyboard . this will open a popup ) > languages > tick off the languages you want . to install the autocompletion dictionaries , go to " install dictionaries " on the same screen . this will open developer 's website with links to download dictionaries from google play . to change the keyboard layouts : settings > keyboard settings > themes , sizes and layouts > abc layouts > select the layout you want . press back several times to go back to the input screen and you are good to go . switching layouts if you want to use qwerty with english and azerty with french , there are two ways to achieve this : changing the multiling keyboard settings where you have english and french set up - following the steps above ( total of 7 taps or 4-5 seconds ) . using the stock android keyboard with english language and qwerty layout , and multiling with french and the layout of your choice . in this case keyboard switching is done through the notifications screen ( as far as i remember on ics - i am on jelly bean now ) . bonus information here 's a promo video for the keyboard which shows the different languages , layouts and styles . you will see my language on the 33rd second : )
this article should help : how to install paid apps on multiple android devices also you can try to install application using web version of play store ( in the Send to list select needed device , for example , your phone ) .
audio routing would have to be set in the application code itself . however , direct audio routing is deprecated since api level 5 ( android 2.0 ) . older versions of android navigation had this direct audio routing set to the route_speaker in their application code . but the newer versions of android have a system wide flag set with setspeakerphoneon or setbluetoothscoon if it should use the speaker or bluetooth . i am afraid that you will not be able to change anything about your setup since it is all build into the system and application code . all sounds will be routed through the same audio output in the newer versions of android and android navigation .
i created an app named soundabout that will help this issue , if anyone else comes across this situation .
well , as it may seen , there is no solution without relying on third-part softwares . instead , i ( partially ) solved it by changing the language for english uk , where the numbers format are without separators . ex : 99999999 .
google 's android device manager service can do all of that apart from the remote control , though unless your phone has a new enough os to have it installed by default ( instead of pulled down as part of the google services updates ) it is difficult to remove rather than impossible . find your lost phone with android device manager remotely lock android devices
making an app " impossible to remove " is , of course , impossible to accomplish . nothing is impossible to remove . for other features you are looking for , i would recommend looking into airdroid or cerberus .
as discussed , you can store apps on the ext3 partition which will free up internal phone memory . there are also apps like swapper2 which allow you to put your swap file on the sd card . be warned , that this will degrade the life of your sd card and will also chew up battery due to frequent read/writes to the card . weigh the potential of additional free space in view of this .
op fixed the issue with the following solution : edit : i fixed it by following the instructions from theunlockr - how to : unroot the htc desire and flashing this rom [ direct link ] . community wiki under " best-practices " defined by this meta answer .
afair that setting is only applied to apps installed thereafter , so you have got to disable it for each app separately in addition . i have made that back then right when the autoupdate feature was introduced , so i do not remember anymore where exactly this has to be done ( playstore app or playstore website ) . doing a little google search brings up e.g. this article : how to disable automatic app updates on android , which in short describes the required procedure as follows : globally disable/enable auto-updates ( applies as default to apps installed after changing this setting ) : open the google playstore app head to menu→settings toogle the auto-update apps setting to the wanted value adjust it for apps already installed : open the google playstore app head to the list of your installed apps ( "my apps" ) open each app separately , hit the menu again , and toggle the auto-update checkbox restricting google play to wifi : ( also see my answer here , with screenshots ) from your homescreen , go to settings→data usage enable a " global limit " ( can be pretty fake , e.g. "5 tb " – it just needs any value , which one does not matter for this case ) in the list of apps below , scroll to the google play store app open its entry , scroll to the end of the page tick the checkbox to " restrict background data " above order ( 1 and 2 ) applies to " i want auto-updates globally , just not for certain apps " . if i understood correctly , the " auto-update " checkbox on the apps ' pages only becomes visible when auto-updates are enabled globally . so if you want to deactivate that for all apps , you might have to reverse this order : enable auto-updates globally disable it for each installed app separately disable it again in the global settings ( so it will automatically be applied to apps you install from now on ) not very user-friendly , especially with many apps installed – but it at least should work . item #3 will stop google play store from working while on mobile data . while usually , this just affects background data , play store will most likely refuse to work altogether , as it relies on gcm ( google cloud messaging ) , which relies on background data to receive messages . more references : how to stop google play store from auto updating ( youtube video ) <a href="stackexchange-url how can i turn off the “allow automatic updating” for all apps ? ( right here on android . se ) is it possible to disable google play updates ? ( specifically for google play and google play services , which – according to the answer there – can not be excluded from auto-updates ) how can i turn off the “allow automatic updating” for an app ? ( again right here on android . se ) how to enable play store auto-update for just a few apps ? ( one more here on android . se ) is it possible to selectively limit background data usage ? how does “restrict background data” work ? there are many more links , not all fitting in this answer : )
how physically close will a tag need to be for the phone to detect a nfc card ? ( 10cm or can it greater ) &lt ; 0.2 m http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/near_field_communication nfc is intentionally very low ranged since it is meant to be difficult to accidentally connect to the wrong nfc readers . one of its possible applications is to aid in initiating longer-ranged connection ( e . g . bluetooth or wifi ) with zero configuration . also can the phone present itself as a nfc tag to other phones ? if this is possible is the range greater as the nfc transmitter is powered ? no , currently nexus s only have nfc reader , it cannot emulate nfc tag . http://www.nearfieldcommunicationsworld.com/2010/12/07/35385/google-unveils-first-android-nfc-phone-but-nexus-s-is-limited-to-tag-reading-only-for-now/ there are plans for future android releases to support nfc card emulation , but nexus s will not be getting it since it lacks the necessary hardware . i can think of several ways to hack around this , with some limitations , since static nfc tag can be made as a sticker , but full nfc card emulation will not be available in nexus s .
i know this already has an accepted answer and is quite old but the answer is wrong . " how physically close will a tag need to be for the phone to detect a nfc card ? ( 10cm or can it greater ) " the answer quotes &lt ; 0.2m but that is from the nfc standard , the actual distance depends on the radius of the nfc chip 's antennae , in the case of the nexus s is can detect a tag from about 4cm or less , as the other non-accepted answer says . " also can the phone present itself as a nfc tag to other phones ? if this is possible is the range greater as the nfc transmitter is powered ? " yes it can , kind of . it can ' push ' an ndef message containing information ( plain text/url/others ) and if you put another nexus s next to it then you can read it with nxps nfc application , or other ones . i am not aware of any applications currently on the market than can push an arbitrary ndef message but if you have ics then this has the android ' beam ' feature which utilises ndef messages . http://www.engadget.com/2011/12/01/android-4-0-ice-cream-sandwich-review/#beam it can also do card emulation as is used in google wallet but this is not supported in the public api . however have a look at this for a gingerbread rom with emulation features : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1281946
the specs on the nfc controller chip in the nexus s are the following : http://www.nxp.com/acrobat_download2/literature/9397/75016890.pdf to answer your first question , as advertised in the above pdf , the nfc controller chip inside the nexus s has an operating distance of about 10 centimeters . however , in practice ( specific to the nfc controller in the nexus s that is ) , it is limited to about 4 centimeters . you practically have to hold the card to the back of the phone in order for it to be able to read the card . 10 centimeters is massively over-exaggerated , 4 centimeters is the farthest i could go with any card . distance is greatly dependant on the quality of the rf transmitter , and receiver on the other end , so this distance may very well increase under different conditions . if you have specialized equipment , it is possible to pick up any nfc rf communication up to a distance of about 10 meters , but do not expect nfc implementations in phones to go any farther then 10 centimeters . for your second question . again , as advertised in the above pdf , card emulation ( the ability to present oneself as a nfc tag ) is supported for the following standards : iso 14443 –a-b-b’ , mifare , felica rf . to my knowledge , these are all the standards one should ( currently ) care about . however , card emulation is not supported by the android sdk , and i am not sure whether or not it will be supported in future versions , or even if android devs are working on such functionality . it would , however , be the logical next step for the android sdk to support .
a factory reset does indeed reset the virtual sd card on a galaxy nexus . okay , initially it appeared as if it wiped the virtual sd card , but it did not . after the media scanner did its magic , everything on the sd card ( mostly ) still remained there . i did a factory reset by going to android 's settings , then backup and reset , and did the factory restore option . i did not wipe the device from recovery .
from the whatsapp site , the minimum requirements are android 2.1 , so even if you managed to find the apk and side-load it onto the g1 running 1.6 , it probably will not work . stable releases of cyanogenmod 5 ( android 2.1 ) and 6 ( android 2.2 ) are both available for the g1 . you can install whatsapp if you upgrade to cm 5/6 .
the magnetic field of a certain point is directional and has magnitude . the x , y , z returned by the sensor is a vector that describes the strength and direction of the magnetic field relative to the device measured in microtesla . for example , a value of (x, y, z) = (50, 50, 0) means that there is a magnetic field sqrt(50**2+50**2+0**2) \u2248 70.7107 microtesla strong in the direction of 45 degree to x-axis and y-axis of the device .
ask yourself what did you do for mail before you installed the yahoo app . are the notifications you are receiving from a primary mail app ? mine were .
when such a notification appears . . . open your notification area long-press on the notification . this opens the app 's settings in the system configuration . here you can disable all notifications from the app . this is a feature introduced with jellybean -- as you have stated your device is running android 4.1.2 , this setting should be available to you .
in the official yahoo ! mail app , yahoo recently changed the layout so that the settings menu is no longer accessed by pressing the " menu " button . launch the app and tap the little &lt; arrow next to the " inbox " label on the upper-left corner of the screen . this will reveal the folders menu . scroll it down to the " tools " section , tap on Settings , then tap on Account settings option , and finally on Notification Settings . from here you can set up the notification options for new messages : Choose Sound -> No sound -> Done to disable audible notifications , Use Vibrate to toggle vibration on and off , Show in Status Bar to toggle the icon in your notification panel . if there is no " notification settings " tap the text that lists your e-mail address associated with the account , and you will find the settings there to shut off notifications , both audible and visual .
you can remove your yahoo account from your android phone . just go to settings - > account and sync - > serlect account and the you will find the option to delete the account .
though it is in no way a classical bookmark manager , you could combine a few things : wikimind note is an editor with wiki-syntax support . so you can embed links and even structures easily ( pictures as well ) 1 . it stores all the data files on your sdcard , so they are easily accessible with other tools . this fact ( files on sdcard ) you can put to use with foldersync . as the screenshot 2 shows , foldersync supports a lot of cloud services : box , dropbox , google drive , ubuntu one . . . it can also sync with local resources at home ( e . g . samba/windows shares ) , or any ftp server , just to name a few examples . this way you can easily use your notes on multiple devices . for usage on your desktop computer , there would be wikimind desktop and ( even better ) zimwiki . further readings : s . w . black : writing tools for phone ( android ) and desktop ( windows )
firefox can do this without any add-ons . it is called firefox sync and all you need is firefox on your pc and firefox on your smartphone , then follow these steps to set it up : introduction how do i set up firefox sync ? how do i add a device to firefox sync ? you can put your bookmarks in the Unsorted Bookmarks folder if you do not want to see them in your bookmarks toolbar . you can use tags there , too .
you could set each one of your contacts individual ringtones to be a sound file that is just someone saying their name . it would be pretty tedious , and it would not work for numbers that are not in your contacts , but at least it is something . see this thread on how to set custom . mp3 files as ringtones .
sanity is another neat app for this . alternatively , it is straight forward to configure a tasker profile to ' say ' an alert including the caller 's name .
.ftf are more suited for the older line of xperia devices and is proprietary format , the trend with newer sony devices is .elf instead . their layout of kernel image is non-standard , this requires a special script to run against the freshly built kernel image to convert it and add extra special markers to make it compatible for the xperia to enable booting . without the markers , the flash will fail , androxyde 's flashtool has the capability to generate the .ftf , .elf by concatenating the kernel image ( usually gzipped raw flat binary ) with a header called .sin which has some proprietary encoded binary that fixes up the bootloader 's address from which to boot up under . the script can be found on sony 's opensource portal website , that contains a blog entry highlighting how to create a flashable kernel for xperia s model . the custom rom 's that the op is referring to is more of a " universal generic " method , which contains the kernel and the files that composes of the rom , that is made suitable by the likes of clockworkmod ( cwm ) and teamwin recovery ( twrp ) to use them . some manufacturers are free to deviate on how their kernels are created and if necessary , applicable handling to convert it to a form suitable for flashing , such as sony 's own format , rather than using mkbootimg which is a more generic form of creating a flashable kernel ( this combines the kernel image and auxiliary supporting files ) , that is compatible with most , if not , all devices with some exceptions , like sony . as case in point , the kernel has to flashed separately first before flashing the rom . for others , cwm/twrp can directly flash the newly built boot image file created via mkbootimg first behind the scenes then write out the files into the /system partition .
it always happens , you will have to reflash your stock firmware using pc companion .
i finally installed cyanogenmod 11 in my xperia l . cyanogenmod added a developer release only now to their collection and it works smooth . just followed the instruction presented in their website i was able to install cm11 . i suppose the are problems with aosp version of sony for xperia l .
as far as i know this was a new addition to the app recently , so it is surprising that it does not work for you . i just tried emailing myself a .epub file and it worked just fine , i had a download button to the right of the paperclip icon and attachment name . i know that the browser on many devices will not let you download any files that do not have a handler registered for their extension ; perhaps this is related . you can solve that issue via an app that registers for all files , such as download crutch ; perhaps it will solve your attachment issues as well . i would reboot after installing it . i have download crutch installed and have had no problems with it .
didnt find download crutch but another appp download all files did the job pretty well . have fun navneet
use the app " sync me " , it saves the contact pics of your facebook friends to your contacts .
i have used haxsync previously . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.mots.haxsync there is also an xposed module which i now use instead , called xfbsync . this does all that facebook used to by itself , like syncs profile photos , and phone numbers . if you are able i would give that a go .
the number of areas you can pre-cache is limited by the amount of system storage you have available . it is important to note that the cache is stored in system storage , not the sd card . also , the stored data is the base map tiles and landmarks . you will not be able to get directions based on this downloaded data , but you can browse it offline and track your current location . the cached data expires and is deleted automatically after 30 days . if you are not able to refresh your offline data in that time , you may be in trouble . more data on the feature is available on the official google blog post .
it depends , some android devices have an advanced setting wifi sleep policy under Settings -&gt; Wireless -&gt; Wi-Fi Settings -&gt; [Menu Button] Advanced -&gt; Wi-Fi Sleep Policy but i am not sure if this is a vanilla android feature or an manufacturer modification . at least the galaxy s series has this setting . data networks are usually fully active . but apps like tasker allow you to define certain profiles to improve battery life . for example : only allow 2g when the display is off , because 2g requires less battery then 3g ( umts ) .
i do not think it turns the wifi or data networks off . you can try by downloading an app from market and while it is downloading , turn off the screen . you can see that even after the screen is off , the download completes after some time . i am not sure exactly which app does this but you can try searching the market for such an app .
try long-pressing the Search button . it should be tied to voice search by default . then say " dial xxx " , where " xxx " is either a phone number ( with the area code ) or name of a contact from your phonebook . here are all the voice actions you can perform with the voice search app : http://www.google.com/mobile/voice-actions/ note : according to google 's last blog post on the subject , voice actions via this app only work in english language . you might need to change your phone 's locale to " us " or " uk " in order to get this to work .
you must be a part of the beta program : go to http://beta.swype.com/ login resend the beta email : https://beta.swype.com/android/welcome/?resend=yes on your android phone , go to the link in the email : https://beta.swype.com/android/get/ it should start downloading the installer to setup swype . if you still have problems , you will need to contact their technical support .
a lot of keyboard applications come with voice related features if that is what you are asking . though , there are things such as google search on the play store that allow for some light voice commands , started by staying " okay google " . samsung phone also natively have a voice feature called s voice that allows for these sort of commands as well . a wake up phrase similar to that of google 's " okay google " can be set within the s voice application as well .
you can do this the old-fashioned way if you want to do one-time sync only : go to contacts and export to sd card . this will create a handy vcard file that will reside in the root of your sd card . most often this will be 00001.vcf or some such . from a desktop computer , go to gmail contacts and choose Import from the menu above . from the desktop you can add and edit your contacts much more easily than you would on the phone . however , i found syncing to be unreliable sometimes , especially with htc sence ( i had the stock rom previously on my htc desire ) -- i had to deal with duplicate contacts and mysteriously vanishing phone numbers on a few occasions .
did you try wifi mapper ?
you could try " wifi maps light " for android , available for free in google play .
i like lifehacker ' s reviews , though it is a little annoying that you can not link to search results there . i find the market reviews helpful for deciding whether or not things actually work , but lifehacker makes great recommendations .
to be honest , i would just search the android market and then try things out . " the best " android apps are going to be generally subjective , and there is typically several apps that perform any given task . you could also look at some of these older ( mostly cw ) questions : android market - want to see best applications alternative android app markets must have applications for android ?
press the " sym " button , then press the " ? " button , no dragging required . you can also do a medium press of the button to get the symbol without the menu appearing ( long press ) . you will see the symbol appear when you have held the button long enough for the medium press .
in pre-2.2 stock keyboard , typing the ? is a two step process : alternatively , you can long press on . and a pop up menu will appear : in 2.3 stock keyboard , the auto-correct bar will show common punctuations , including ?: the old two-step ways of using the ?123 page and long-pressing on the . still works , although when you long-press on . now you only need to slide your finger to the punctuations . in swype , you can long press on the letter M to produce ?: alternatively , you can press Sym keyboard : if you are using swiftkey x beta , the ? has its own dedicated key in the main keyboard : if you are using htc keyboard , you can long-press on the letter k:
swiftkey is a keyboard that aims to reduce the amount of keys strokes you make by predicting the next word in a sentence based on your typing history - that means it gets better the more you use it . in your case , it also has just one keypress to type a ? as you can see below :
swype would be your best bet , just swype the symbol to the spacebar and voila ! you have your question mark . here 's a link for videos of the tricks you could do with swype : http://www.swypeinc.com/tips-tricks.html ( search for how to swype punctuation ! ) if you want in , register from here : http://www.swypeinc.com/myswype.html best thing is it is free !
unfortunately , it does not appear that straight honeycomb ( xoom , samsung 10.1 , etc ) devices have the ability to take a screenshot without some help . if you have the sdk downloaded you are able to plugin your device and take screenshots using your computer . however , that sounds really inconvenient . instructions can be found here under " debugging tips " http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/debugging/index.html there was also an independent app released on xda for honeycomb devices called screenshot er . one caveat , it does require root . http://www.xda-developers.com/android/take-screenshots-of-your-honeycomb-device-with-screenshot-er/ market link at https://market.android.com/details?id=fahrbot.apps.screenfeature=search_result
partially stolen from this answer ( and here 's third party confirmation ) : hold the back button and tap the home button ( or , if that does not work , tap both at the same time ) . this is part of samsung 's touchwiz interface , it does not work on other devices . on most other devices , the only way to take a screenshot without rooting is to use the android sdk . you would connect your phone to your pc via usb , run ddms , select your phone , and hit ctrl + s .
i had this problem . apparently when you boot into recovery with the 3-button-method , you can not install zips . no idea why . solutions to try : enable Reboot into Recovery in power menu . first , enable Developer Options by going to Settings &gt; About phone &gt; tap Build number a bunch of times . then go to Settings &gt; Developer Options &gt; Advanced Reboot . then power down and select Reboot into Recovery . this option never appeared on the power menu for me . no idea why . use adb to reboot into recovery . enable usb ( android ) debugging via Developer Options . i gave root access to apps and adb also . plug device into usb port on laptop with adb . enter this into your terminal : adb reboot recovery  if you have not installed adb , i would try here first if you are on ubuntu or debian : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/doc:_adb_intro
my solution was to flash back to factory rom ( eh03 gingerbread ) . reinstalled cwm and su , then flashed cm 10.1 once more from sd card . cwm returns to boot option menu after install , at which point i installed gapps before rebooting into fresh flash of 10.1 - problem solved .
not sure if you managed to resolve this but i had the same problem and found a fix . first , i had to flash using rt4formatter , then mount /system and then flash the google apps . this worked for some of my google services but still missing google play and and other things . only gmail and calender were installed .
the " error mounting /system " line seems a bit off as i believe that is where the gapps update is applied . if you mount /system manually , what happens ? you will find the option at ' mounts and storage ' > '- mount /system ' if you are successful in mounting it , try installing the gapps zip file again .
do you aware of these , 20130812 md5: 5f22f046e37038a3856eeb825e73d4ed not compatible with 4.3 . x ! not recommended for 4.2.1 . does not include gallerygoogle , meaning no photosphere-equipped camera app . gmail added to package ( for those who could not download through play store ) and updated to 4.5.2-714156 . google+ added to package ( to fix location map tiles bug ) and updated to 4.1.0.50809204 . google play services updated to 3.2.25 . google play store updated to 4.3.11 . google search updated to 2.6.7.721924 . talkback updated to 3.4.0 . for more details please refer this link
you should take a look at the android api samples . the apidemos application is exactly what you are looking for : http://developer.android.com/resources/samples/apidemos/index.html
here 's what i wound up doing - i reset the router to defaults , and i was able to get conected - i gradually restored everything back to the way i had it ( ssid , security etc ) , and never lost connectivity , so i am not sure what , if anything is different .
there is a folder called " alarms " in your sd card . just paste the sounds/songs you want to set there and it should appear when selecting sounds for the alarm .
to change my alarms i use the es file explorer app : when i go to change the alarm it asks which app you want to change it with ( if you have not set a default ) . i am able to chose between the built in media app and es file explorer . if i chose es file explorer then i will be able to chose a file without having to shuffle around media files .
there is a way around which i was able to use . convert your favorite alarm tone to .ogg format using any online tool . following is a link to one of them - audio.online-convert.com/convert-to-ogg now go to your \systems folder and find the \ringtones or \alarms folder . there you can paste the converted .ogg file . try to keep the file size below 200kb . now , go to your alarms and you can find the alarm tone in the default alarm-tone list .
the folder Media is the where all the sound files are actually stored . inside Media , it has its own Alarms , Notifications , and Ringtones folder . these are the folders where each respective sound file belongs . in my case , i wanted to create a custom alarm . i thought it would be as simple as dropping a sound file in there , but it was not . there is a trick . in order for the android phone to recognize your file as an actual alarm , the file must have Alarm appended to its name . example : if your song/file name is Unwell.mp3 , then you have to rename it to Unwell Alarm.mp3 . only after you include the Alarm in the name will it become an alarm .
there might be insufficient working memory . . ( memory is being used by other application that you are not using . . ) . to fix it go to setting> applications> manage applications , click on the runnning tab . now force close applications or games that are running but not needed . and dont forget to force close the games/apps that has this issues . i hope this helps .
the application , motorola anyconnect , takes care of that for you . when you sign on to your corporate network , the cisco anyconnect secure mobility client for android only allows the traffic thru the vpn tunnel created , preventing any armful or unauthorized access or data transfer outside the parameters defined by your corporation security policies . cisco anyconnect provides reliable and easy-to-deploy encrypted network connectivity from motorola android devices by delivering persistent corporate access for users on the go . one thing that is not clear on your question is if you are aware that this cisco solution is a corporate solution , not for the end user who just want 's to navigate the web covertly . whether providing access to business email , a virtual desktop session , or most other android applications , anyconnect enables business-critical application connectivity . through the use of datagram transport layer security ( dtls ) , tcp-based applications and latency-sensitive traffic ( such as voice over ip [ voip ] ) are provided an optimized communication path to corporate resources . users have to authenticate to their enterprise networks in order to use this app and the features provided , but you can navigate the internet as usual , only restricted by the security policies applied . additional reading about this solution : motorola anyconnect from google play store android user guide for cisco anyconnect secure mobility client anyconnect secure mobility introduction video from youtube
so i figured this out . somewhere along the line , google moved the offline music/cache to /data/data/com.google.android.music/ .
modern touchscreens consist of two parts : the digitizer : this is transparent and detects the touch events . the lcd : this is the screen and its kinda silver . the digitizer and lcd are glued and are difficult to separate cleanly . it appears that you have removed a chunk of the lcd as well . the lcd and the digitizer are also sold as a single unit , glued together , so that they are easier to assemble .
if you are downloading the .apk files from unknown/untrusted sources , there is no easy way to judge . most anti-whatever solutions ( anti-virus , anti-malware , etc . ) are just ruling by " database entries " ( i.e. . they have a database of known malware , and check whether the package name matches ) , or only check requested permissions ( and not whether e.g. a sms app only sends the smss you wish ) . i have never heard about a " real " heuristics scanner analyzing an app 's behaviour . though it might theoretically be possible a " scanner " also verifies a kind of checksum ( as the mentioned md5 ) , this could only work against a " trusted base " like e.g. playstore . for apps not available there it would fail then ( nothing to compare ) . and even for apps available there , it would need to check against the very same version . such a solution is hardly practical . so while my arguments might differ , my bottom line is almost the same as geff 's : only install from trusted sources . while nothing is 100% secure , this imposes the smallest risks possible . the highest risk is with pirated stuff , as that is very likely to have " bad things " injected .
google introduced an option verify apps ( disallow or warn before installation of apps that may cause harm ) for side-loaded apps when unknown sources is enabled ( both settings available in settings -> security -> device-administration ) . you can also use an online virus scanner like virus total to check your downloaded . apk file . but this is the same with every scanner service : they are not 100% sure and probably only detect already known malicious apps . custom tailored malware will probably remain undetected . also very new malicious apps will probably slip through until after some time they will be detected .
i use lookout security , it scans every app you install and you can also scan apks
you can upload the package to a mobile sandbox to see what it is doing . the sandboxes will execute the binary and you can see the execution resutls . this will also work for some formerly unknown malware as it does not have to be in some av-database before . examples for sandboxes are mobilesandbox , copperdroid , sanddroid , tracedroid , joe sabdox mobile , forsafe and others . as always , there is no 100% security , but then again , there is no complete security when downloading from play store , either . . . virustotal that has been mentioned above recently started to run some samples in a sandbox as well and is of course always a good bet as it tests against a magnitude of already known malware . a similar service as virustotal but specifically for android is andrototal .
it is difficult to know whether an apk is safe or not . your best bet is to download from trusted or reputable sources ( like google play , amazon , etc ) . some ( trusted ) developers also provide an md5 ( or other message-digest algorithm ) hash of their apks . after your download the apk , you verify if the apk has the same hash . if it does , then it is safe to say it has not been tampered with . you can also check the permissions required by the apk / app , and use common sense ( or your own judgement / instinct ) to tell if it is safe to install or not . bottomline : always install from trusted sources . stay away from pirated apks ; it is possible they may have malware .
with tasker you can automate this to have different screen time-out values depending whether or not your phone is connected to a power source : create a new profile and name it " screen timeout " . for context select State -> Power -> Power . select " any " for source and press the ok button . tap " new task " , name it " increase timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is connected to a power source . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . long-press the " increase timeout " action and select Add Exit Task option . tap " new task " , name it " decrease timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is running on battery . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . ensure the tasker is enabled by toggling it on ( switch at bottom-right corner ) and then tap the " ok " button . you should be all set . if you want to get fancy , you can add actions to both tasks to display toast messages .
install widgetsoid and add it is toggle widget Stay Awake on homescreen . just , turn it on and your screen will never timeout as long as the device is under voltage .
there is an option to keep your screen lit while charging , try : Settings -&gt; Developer Options -&gt; Stay Awake
you may want to try any power widget for eg . like this one . you can place the widget on your home screen and use the " always on " toggle to keep your phone always on during charging .
get timely alarm clock . i have never tried more than 10 alarms but i guess it should be worth a try . it is free after all and extremely sexy . also you should try adding calender events instead of alarms and change the sound to something loud .
have a backup of your system in case of problems . root your tablet if not already rooted . install a file manager with system r/w capability . copy the framework-res . apk from wherever you have it stored to \system . do not copy the file to \system\framework at this point or you will cause the system to bootloop . change the file permissions to rw-r--r-- . move framework-res . apk from \system to \system\framework , letting it overwrite the original . you will have been successful if the phone does not instantly reboot upon copying . completely power down your phone , then power it back up .
yes , the nexus 7 allows the installation of 3rd party apps . settings/security/unknown sources
what you are asking is officially known in the android community as sideloading . the most " difficult " thing is to get a copy of the apk file of the app you wish to install , as you are bypassing the google play store . a very good comprehensive and informative article written recently on september 15th 2012 for make use of entitled " how to manually install ( “side load” ) apps on your android device " by d . stieben will give you additional insight into what you wish to achieve .
i had a htc desire hd and no problem connecting to my car radio ( sony xplod ) via the front usb port , provided the htc was set up to connect via ' disk drive ' . the problem i see with the s3 is that this ( or similar ) option does not exist . the radio sees the connection and tries to load but nothing happens . i could ( untried yet ) connect via the aux jack , but then i would need to cables instead of one . one step forward and 2 steps back .
i developed an app named soundabout to route audio is different scenarios . it has a media audio setting called " aux digital " that may help your situation .
yes and no . the fact that your galaxy s3 does not support mass storage mode means that you cannot play audio files stored on the s3 with the radio , like you could with a usb stick . ( if your car 's radio supports mass storage , that is . ) however , the other type of usb connection , allowing your iphone to be controlled by your car 's radio is an apple accessory connection . this is a protocol for communication between apple devices such as the ipod and iphone and accessories like your car 's radio . android currently does not support the apple accessory connection , but has it is own protocol for communication with usb accessories . it might be technically possible to create a solution for android to allow it to speak with apple accessories , but currently ( as far as i am aware ) no such solution exists .
maybe your memory can not access by your music system -- so try like this : when you plug in please check notification , may be your cell phone got in charging mode and mass storage is used by some other resource . so from notification disconnect logically your cell and then try to start play music with music play from mobile itself with connected music player system . hope it works .
as both eldarerathis and paul redert have mentioned , it seems that the usb port on your juke is designed to support two types of usb connection : 1 ) mass storage mode , where it reads an attached usb peripheral as a logical drive and searches for compatible media files , and 2 ) idevice accessory mode , where it attempts to communicate with and apple device over a proprietary protocol . cnet has an article from 2010 describing the different ways android phones can connect to a vehicle ( as of 2010 , of course ) . while most of it will tell you what you already know , i thought their compromise solution might be applicable : . . . during our testing of the 2010 acura tsx v-6 , we were able to pair our motorola droid via bluetooth for phone calls and pandora radio while using the usb port for charging . when we wanted to listen to locally stored audio , we simply mounted the usb connection and used the acuralink receiver to browse our folders . likewise , a user could do the same thing with a vehicle that has an auxiliary input and a usb connection , but no bluetooth . it is sounding like mass storage mode might not be an option for your sgsiii , but using the juke 's usb connection for power to offset the use of bluetooth for media might be a way to accomplish what you want . if you are worried about forgetting to turn off bluetooth , you could look at ways to instruct the phone to remember for you . my personal favorite is tasker , and setting up simple profiles for turning on and off bluetooth under specific conditions could be as simple as two one-line tasks .
look for vlc player on google play . then , install vlc your pc , and read this article .
i guess there is : webcam free consists of an app for your android device , plus a server component to be put on your computer . from the apps description , this could do what you want ( did not try it myself , but it is certainly worth a look ) . i linked the free version ; a paid version is available for about 1.50 euro . if that does not do ( or you do not like the idea of a pc component ) , you might give a try to cloud spy cam ( it also has a demo available on the play store ) . sounds even more promising ( i would say this is exactly what you are looking for ) . but since all good things are three , a third option is ip webcam , which " turns your phone into a network camera with multiple viewing options . " so now , happy play !
mobile device manager might be a solution for you . you can find an introduction with screenshots and more on androidtapp . quoting : 3cx mobile device manager is a flexible and easy to implement service that allows a user to remotely manage , locate and administrate mobile devices . from the comfort of a web browser you can control multiple devices in a variety of ways . it’s a great option for network administrators who , in addition to swathes of desktop pcs and laptops to worry about , now also has to ensure the company’s smartphones and tablets are secure and up to date .
a usb connector has two pins for 5v and two for the data signal . seems like the first are still connected while the latter are not . have you tried another cable and restarted your pc ? it is also possible that the phone 's socket is damaged or has connectiviy problems . it is soldered onto the phone 's logic board . did you once drop it with the cable inserted ?
i try deleting all file associate with the app ( apk , settings , etc ) i can now install the app . seems like residue files are the culprit .
clearing logcat can not make any difference to your storage problem . the logcat output is stored in a ring buffer , so it has a fixed size , and the ring buffer only exists on ram : it is not written to the storage at all . see the frequent questions under the insufficient-memory tag for what to do when your phone storage is getting full .
you will need a copy of the os with the needed locale . since it is part of the os it can not be added by a simple app download or anything . you can spoof your locale string on any device but that app does not actually offer localizations beyond what shipped on your phone ; it will not translate system text ect unless your phone has those localizations native . as per the android sdk docs : note : the android platform may support more locales than are included in the sdk system image . all of the supported locales are available in the android open source project . you will have to reflash your device with a system image that has your locale ; the android open source project includes more locales but you/someone would have to actually compile them into a working system image/rom . making it work on your device is also another matter ; ideally if your manufacturer has another official rom out there with the locale on it you want , you should find that rom and use it . unfortunately i do not know of any sites that have roms by supported locale .
i believe you should be able to switch between loudspeaker and earpiece like this in the screenshot at the bottom while in a call . on my samsung galaxy 3 running a custom 4.0.3 rom , it is working fine . but after searching on skype forums i found this - speaker only on android device looks like a lot of people are having the same issue from initial releases of skype for android . devices and os are different in each case , so there really is no solution for users other than to wait for a fix from skype . you should perhaps look for alternative apps like these- fring ( fring google play ) sip ( sip for android ) gtalk for android app . ( supports video/voip from android 2.3 onwards ) . see here - xda-develoeprs gtalk w/video and voice for 2.3.3 roms
launcherpro preferences notes : here 's one to get us started that i took from fede 's forum post . it opens up the launcherpro preferences screen . form fields : action : android . intent . action . main package name : com . fede . launcher class name : com . fede . launcher . launcherpreferencesactivity
no , you do not . the updates are received from the servers of the provider/manufacturer . this adress is saved in the rom . so you just need an internet connection via 3g or wifi .
as afrazier also said i use sms backup+ to automatically backup my sms/mms and call log to gmail . this has the side benefit that it is very easy to access all your messages , etc and search through them when you are sitting at a pc . great for finding those directions that you know a friend sent you a few months ago ! i also use lifesaver every now and then , which does a one-click backup of your messages and calls to your sd card . it is very handy to get your history back if you change phones , or need to factory reset yours , or wipe it for any other reason ( like putting custom roms on ) .
i have used backitup pro successfully -- it is one of very few apps i have found that can backup/restore mms across roms . mybackup pro is another popular app . i have no experience with it personally though . titanium backup is very nice for a lot of things , but for call logs and sms , i am not sure it is portable across roms . it looks like it is simply backing up the sqlite dbs directly . there is a " data migration " option that is been added recently , but it looks like it is a pro-only feature . perhaps someone who is tried it can chime in with their experience . there is also call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore , which are free apps . they back up to xml files , so should be highly portable across roms . edit : i had a chance to test the " restore " features last night with my wife 's droid . i switched her from ruby 1.1.1 to cyanogenmod 6.1.0 , and took the opportunity to wipe her phone and start it fresh . the call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore apps worked perfectly . finally , there is sms backup+ , which copies sms/mms and calls logs to your gmail account .
titanium backup is probably the best . it can back up and restore data like smss and call logs . it can back up the apps themselves too , which is much easier than making a list ( or trying to remember ) and manually restoring them . there are others but i do not think any can compare to tb .
assume you are using the android file transfer program from http://www.android.com/filetransfer as that is the best way to transfer files on osx . if you just drag files into that directory it opens by default , the files might not show . on the " android file transfer " app choose the " download " directory which is the best place to store a file , then drag files into that directory . this directory is accessible by all programs that have access to the internal storage .
it is true . but not all touch screen phones work well with this . the capacitive touch screens that we find in most android phones these days work by detecting electrical disturbances from our body . the ' sponge ' used in these diys are electrically conducting foam and they transfer the charge of our body through it , thus registering touches . on the other hand , these sponge tipped styluses obviously will not work well with resistive touch screens unless you apply some amount of pressure .
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to backup the maps application , which will backup the application and it is data . after resetting , again install titanium backup , ( you have to root again , if you had lost the root access , as a first step ) and restore the maps application . while restoring , you get a chance to opt for restoring app alone or app with data . when opting for the later , your offline data also comes .
the app-like icons are most probably thumbnails saved in system for various images . what you can do , is image copy program to only look for image files in specific folders ( e . g . dcim folder on sdcard ) , as now it seems image program is scanning android phone for all images to copy them . other than that , different applications can be creating those thumbnail files and they are here to speedup browsing of image files on your phone . i do not think there is any uniform way of disabling these across android system and applications , thus you should try setting up software which downloads images .
in latest version of gmail you can specify notifications based on labels . create a filter in gmail 's web interface and assign it to a label . on your android device , open the gmail app , press menu key and go to More -&gt; Settings tap on your account , scroll down and tap on the " sync inboxes and labels " option . tap on the label you created in step 1 , and change the preference to " sync last 4 days " or " sync all . " go back one step , scroll down and tap on the " labels to notify " option . tap on the label name from step 1 , and set the notification options to your liking ( custom ringtone , vibration , etc . )
you can use one trick . use filters in gmail to put a label on the message with that particular word . now in gmail app go to settings -> notifications . you will see option to set notification as per the label .
since it does not look like a feature that android natively supports , you can try contact remover ; it lets you to mark the contacts you want to delete .
if your phone is easily disassembled , you might want to try powering off your phone , removing the sd card , replacing the sd card , and powering your phone on again . sometimes the simplest things can fix tough problems for you . if your phone still does not recognize the card , you might want to try plugging your sd card into your pc using a converter or card reader ( microsd cards are usually sold with one that converts your microsd to a standard sd ) . run a software like recuva ( or any other data recovery tool ) , and see if you can recover files from your card . if you can , download them to your computer . then format your card to fat32 , reload the files onto your card , and plug it back into your phone . best of luck to you .
google reader allows choice of external program ( via intent ) to play audio .
it depends on what kind of internet is available on wi-fi network . a wi-fi hotspot can broadcast internet provided by 1g , 2g , 2.5g , 3g , 3.5g , 4g , dsl , adsl , adsl2 , t1 etc . so , the comparison is meaningless unless you know the back-end connection . if you know the back-end connection , the question should not exist .
it differs with your connection quality , in normal situations wi-fi is faster . wi-fi mostly not usable for mms , so you need to use e-mail .
please attempt the following : delete the entire .thumbnails folder delete the /sdcard/Android/data/com.android.gallery3d folder go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Gallery app . select clear data . go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Media Storage app . select clear data . reboot your device . this will completely erase all data from the gallery app , and if you open it before you reboot you should notice that you have no thumbnails . they will be generated on boot .
to export keys from juicessh ( either private or public ) : load up juicessh and go to connections swipe right to the identities list long press the identity you want to export the key for select either " export public key " or " export private key " this will bring up a " share " dialog that will let you save the key to clipboard/gmail/dropbox etc . thanks paul ( juicessh developer )
the bar-coded boarding pass ( bcbp ) code is common for flight tickets . there could be other codes too , but there does not seem to be any app for it yet . mails also have different codes . the us seems to be using intelligent mail barcode ( im barcode ) . imb reader can be used for this . bottomline : there are several possibilities for the codes . you need to check first what code an airline or postal service is using . then , check if there are apps for it .
i have done this and was a bit worried about the low internal memory that is left . i added the app " app2sd " from the marketplace and it looks at your apps and tells you which can be saved on the sd card instead of the internal memory . this has meant that almost all of my apps have now been moved onto the sd card , freeing up space in the memory for apps that can not be moved .
quite a few people dual boot nook colors ( internal vs sd card ) . take a look at this xda thread on running cm7 on the sd card ( for the nook color ) and this thread about booting from sd card performance . in short , it really depends on the read/write abilities of the sd card you use . a crappy sd card is going to give crappy performance . ( sorry for the specifics to nook color , but in general , it should be similar )
hey guys im running android on my sd card on the htc hd 2 without a single glitch but after trying out several builds of android . i finally got one that works just fine and i have not had any problems with it running on my sd card . performance and speed is super . all my mails are poped ( thats three mails ) . im really happy with it . and like bryan said it also depends on the read/ write speed of your sd card and he is right coz i had that exact problem i used a bad sd card till i got a proper one . so the sd card quality really daz matta too .
i installed nexushd yesterday on my hd2 with datatoext and must say , it is not slower but at least a bit faster than before , when i installed it only on nand ( internal space ) . but the performance depends on the class of the sd card . if you have an sdcard greater than class 6 you are good to go , beneath there , you should buy a better one ( 8gb class 10 is really cheap , even the top manufacturer ) . but you should format your card for that . to know how , use this tutorial : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=916464
for what i understand from your question , you have the android rom installed on the internal memory of your phone and you are running out of space . if this is the case , have you tried to partition the sd card and use some tool like s2e to increase the amount of available memory without moving the rom to the sd card ? in my case i have a phone with 512mb of internal rom and when i install a custom rom , it leaves me about 100mb to install applications . in order to increase this amount of available rom space for applications i partitioned the sd in 2 primary partitions , one 512mb ext3 and one fat with the rest of the space on the sd card . with the partitions and the phone rooted i installed an app called s2e that allows your phone to use the ext3 partition on your sd card to install applications . with this configuration i maintain the base system ( android and google applications ) on the main rom of the phone , while all other applications are installed on the ext3 partition of the sd card , giving me more room for applications and avoiding the inconvenient of having to move all the android system to sd card .
i have run android from nand and from the sd card . in general performance was better running from nand . however i was recently using american android on sd and performance was fine . sense based roms still seem to drag running from sd but non sense roms now seem ok . you can test it out without blowing away your current install . just download a magldr rom , put it in the android folder on the sd card , reboot into magldr and tell it to boot android from sd . also , use a quality sd card , not a no-name one . makes a big difference .
according to this article there is a dev over at xda by the name of darkstone1337 who built a custom rom built on android 2.2 which is designed to run entirely from a htc hd2 's ram . they claim it is super fast . i know it is not precisely what you are looking for , but i would read into that and give it a shot if you are so inclined .
photosync is set as " on " by default imo . anyways read this
is it an unlocked phone , my samsung galaxy 2 can do the same thing . i have a vodafone sim in it , but live in an area that sd does not get a vodafone signal , only optus ( have optus nokia phone also ) and the samsung shows me a full 4 bars , and if i try to make a call it will show network not registered . when i get to an area that i know i will get a vodafone signal i some times have to go into settings a tell it to use the vodafone network . a bug as i see it as it knows what sim you have so it should ignore other networks . brian
i have had a similar problem to this . in my case , it was caused by the sim card coming loose . try the following steps:- turn the phone off completely remove the sim card reinsert the sim card turn the phone on again and then see if you can make a call and use mobile internet . if it happens repeatedly , you might need to wedge a small piece of paper in with your sim card to keep it in place .
the lockerpro app was reseting my screen lock time to 15 seconds . ( the android system should offer a way to check who is changing the system settings )
the backup transport is the part of the system that takes backed-up data from the phone and sends it to some provider 's backup storage . this is a manufacturer- and carrier- replaceable component , to allow ( for example ) samsung to make their phones backup to samsung storage with a samsung account , instead of backing up to google , while remaining compatible with apps that use the android backup system . possibly the cyanogenmod rom you have installed simply does not have a backup transport .
just want to add some more details . i am using galaxy nexus with cm11 snapshot m4 ( latest available ) and still have this issue . this issue was present from the first cm11 build which i have installed in this device . out of curiosity i have checked couple of nexus devices and this is what i could find . nexus 4 - upgraded to stock 4.4.2 - does not have this issue nexus 5 - stock 4.4.2 - issue is present . in accordance with dan 's answer above , since the backup transport is a manufacturer/carrier customizable component , in cyanogenmod it may be a reason . in cm , at the time of device setup , it asks for an optional cyanogenmod account ( which i did not create ) and they may be using this cm account for app data backup ( not sure , yet to verify this ) .
the bbc released statements about their support for android with iplayer back in june : bbc iplayer on mobile : a new version and adobe flash 10.1 streaming on all android 2.2 phones and bbc iplayer on android update . this all boils down to saying that their current strategy for mobiles is to offer a mobile optimised version of their flash site , and not to create individual apps for every smartphone out there . i am also a flash-less fan of bbc radio and tv ( though in a better position than you as my manufacturer and carrier have announced that 2.2 is coming very soon ) , i had beebplayer on my previous android phone and it is sorely missed now . for the moment i just subscribe to the podcasts of the shows i am interested in ( and luckily most of mine are available as podcasts ) using the google listen podcast app , this does have the benefit that they work without cutting out while i am on the tube ! edit : going through the comments on some more recent articles on the bbc internet blog i have discovered an app called myplayer it seems to offer access to ( as far as i can tell ) the full iplayer tv and radio library with both streaming and downloads for later viewing/listening . picture quality does not seem quite as good as i remember from beebplayer , so presumably its using a different stream . anyway it is there and seems to work , grab it before " aunty " spots it ! newer edit : the bbc have released an official iplayer app , called bbc iplayer though this is really just a flash wrapper around the mobile version of the website and does require a wifi connection before it will play most content .
it sounds like you need a podcatcher . i use beyondpod which costs $7 but there are many free ones in the market ( try searching the market for podcast or podcatcher ) . it will allow you to subscribe to a specific bbc show 's podcast feeds then download or stream each episode . this works with audio and video ( although i do not think bbc supports video podcasts anymore ) . i subscribe to several bbc radio podcasts including " the interview " and " one planet " and there is one annoying quirk i have noticed : unlike many other podcast providers , the bbc only offers the most recent show for download . you can not download old shows , but once you get set up you can have you podcatcher automatically download each episode and then you can get several weeks behind but have ll the episodes downloaded to your phone .
i have not tried it , but perhaps tunein radio will do what you want ? it appears to be internet streams of actual radio stations , i am sure you can find one that streams bbc . they have a listing of stations here by location : http://radiotime.com/region/c_0/browse_locations.aspx
even more useful information can be obtained from parted . an example when the block device is /dev/block/mmcblk0:
i believe you want : cat /proc/mtd . also useful : mount .
very simple solution is available . i also faced same problem . i uninstalled virtually everything but no help . i could not even get sms . finally got a very simple solution . here are the steps open keypad type *#9900# dial choose " copy to sd " from sysdump menue ( make sure sd has enough space , upgrade or delete music or any . . . ) you will get " copy success " now u can install software
first a little explanation on the storage ( you might also check the tag wiki of the storage tag for a short introduction ) : why can not i use the free space available at /system ? the /system partition holds the often so-called " rom " , i.e. the android core system ( including the pre-installed apps , see bloatware ) . by default , it is mounted read-only for several reasons ( including " security " , so no app can tamper with anything here -- and the user cannot accidentally render the system unusable ) . this is also why a factory reset will present you with a " virgin system": it will not touch this read-only partition . being mounted read-only makes it clear you cannot write things onto this partition -- which answers the question why you cannot make use of the " free space " it has . you might wonder why a read-only partition then is not " sized appropriately " -- but it is : it just takes into consideration that additional space might be needed for a system update . future android versions might ( and most likely will ) need more space , also providers might want to add more bloatware . . . why is there so little space at /data ? to put it in simple words : 180mb is all that was left after taking away the ~200mb for /system . the galaxy mini s5570 is not a high-end device . and before you ask : no there is nothing you can do to increase the amount of overall storage available to /data ( at least nothing easy -- though some geeks might think of creating a bigger partition on the sdcard and mount it as /data , this is nothing simple and also not without side-effects ) . what can be done ? nothing much . if your device is rooted , you could think of using a bigger sdcard ( your device supports up to 32gb ) , and moving stuff over there with things like link2sd or even data2sd . you can regularly clear your apps ' caches and do some other cleanup . or you can simply go for a new device which offers more storage ( and more ram , and a faster cpu ) . i know it is not very satisfying that a device , just being 2 years old ( the s5570 was released to the market in february 2011 ) already is unable to keep up with daily needs . but unfortunately , 180mb storage ( and 384mb ram ) really is not much to play around . . . so all that currently remains is to refer you to the most faqs of the " insufficient storage " tag to find a solution until you can get yourself a new device . see especially : how can i get rid of the low disk space notification ? what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? how can i deal with “low on space” messages on my htc incredible ? how can i free up more space on my android ( 2.2 froyo ) phone ? “insufficient storage” when trying to install new app
mobile firefox includes support for firefox sync , which not only keeps your bookmarks in sync between your mobile device and your desktop firefox ( es ) , but also supports opening tabs you currently have open in your desktop browsers . i know this is not exactly what you were asking for ( del . icio . us/gmarks sync ) , but it works perfectly and makes any other bookmark syncing site obsolete for me .
there is an add-on for dolphin browser hd which can sync with google bookmarks : bookmarks to sd . gomarks for google bookmarks is also in play store . do try xmarks too if you need cloud bookmark sync ( not limited to delicious , gmarks ) . it has an android app as well as dolphin add-on too . but , its not free on android .
if your phone supports it , you could upgrade to ics . the stock browser and ( presumably ) chrome beta support syncing to google .
firstly , it is not an official update . secondly , to fix this error you need boot your phone into recovery mode ( press power + volume up + home ) . after that , move the cursor down to " wipe data/factory reset " and select " ok " ( yes to all ) . then select " wipe cache partition " and " ok " ( yes to all ) . finally , select " reboot system now " .
i do not think you have installed update provided by samsung . i am samsung s ii plus owner in india and i didnt get any ota update yet . this problem might be due to corrupted rom . roll up to the previous rom it'll work cheers !
i would suggest you to go back to 4.1.2 using odin and then try to update back to 4.2.2 . here is the link to the official 4.1.2 rom http://hotfile.com/dl/201564582/e4fdddc/samsung-updates.com-gt-i9105-inu-i9105ddamc2-1363593737.zip.html
it might be worth a try to install android ide ( aide ) - to quote a brief summary : aide is an integrated development environment ( ide ) for developing real android apps directly on android devices . aide supports the full edit-compile-run cycle however , typing on a device might make it cumbersome unless its a tablet form factor with bluetooth keyboard attached to save the pain in typing . edit as per @izzy 's comment below , terminal ide is another such app , this one points to google play store , however i got a 500 error trying to access the page below within the comment ! cheers for that \o/
lightest way is to not install anything at all and simply use a website , such as ideone .
i suggest the screen on app . i use it when i do not want the screen to dim or turn off , because i want to be able to instantly pause the playback on my audiobook without having to first hit the power button , then swiping the screen . when you want it to revert to a more power-saving mode , you can turn the app off again from the notification bar . it is not customizable to allow it to dim after a specified time , but it will keep it from dimming at all . better than nothing !
it is to alert you that the screen 's about to turn off . it is more useful when your timeout is longer than 30 seconds , certainly . i would assume you had need a custom kernel or at least to root and edit some config files in order to prevent this , i do not believe there is anything in settings for it .
speaking of gparted , i assume you have a linux computer available . so steps to be performed are quite simple -- speaking of an external sdcard : unmount the card from your android device , and take it out put it into a card reader , attach it to your linux computer . mount it there . copy all contents into an empty directory on your linux machine . from the command line , you can use the cp command for that to ensure everything is copied : cp -a &lt;/path/to/source&gt; &lt;/path/to/target&gt; ( replace &lt;/path/to/source&gt; with where you have mounted the card , and &lt;/path/to/target&gt; with your empty directory 's path ; for details on the cp command , run man cp or see its man-page on the net ) optional : check that everything was copied fine . if there were no errors displayed in the previous step , it should have worked fine . if your card has multiple partitions containing data , repeat the previous two steps for each of them . use gparted ( or whatever tool of your preference ) to drop and re-create partitions as needed , and re-create the file systems repeat steps 3-5 , reverting source and target ( to get your data back on the sdcard ) unmount your sdcard , safely remove it from the computer , put it back into your android device , and enjoy ! if everything went fine , and all data is available on your device as hoped , optionally remove the " backup directories " created in step 3 . job done : )
it sounds like you formatted the card using your computer , or another device . it seems like now your android device does not have proper permissions to write to the card . you can fix this by formatting the card . if you do not want to format the card , just run this on ubuntu or another linux based system : sudo chmod -r o+w /path/to/sdcard  this will recursively give everyone permission to write to the card . if the card is empty , you probably just need to apply this to the root directory , with no recursion : sudo chmod o+w /sdcard/root 
try installing the llama app then removing it . for some reason it fixes this , i had the same problem . there is a issue on the tracker that could help .
i took the phone to two different verizon stores , talked to phone support , and even got a replacement- to no avail . finally i installed the sound manager app and set it to " vibrate whenever possible " . this fixed the problem !
there is a separate vibrate setting in the menu for sms messaging under settings .
if gravitybox is not working for you , i would try another xposed mod called wanam xposed . it is similar to gb in the sense that you can modify all kinds of different parts of your phone using it , but wanam is a lot better when it comes to modifying the status bar , in my opinion .
yes , an ebook from android market ( in google books ) has a different format from the kindle . it would seem that you can obtain google books in either epub or pdf ( more information here ) . amazon books are in the azw format . this comes down to personal preference . i have read books on both google books and kindle on my xoom ; i see little to no difference in quality . both can sync to my phone to keep my place . since you have a kindle fire , perhaps sticking in the amazon ecosystem would be a good idea , since you may wish to un-root in the future . there are a lot of pdf readers ; just recently the kindle software was updated to read pdfs . i personally use ezpdf pro for pdf files because of speed and its ability to remember my location in pdf files from read to read . this again , would be personal preference ; however i have loaded mobi into the kindle app without problems . the book acted like any other i had in regards to reading ( except it did not sync across devices and had to be manually uploaded to each of them ) . i would suggest looking at this question as well for more information on ereaders . so , the kindle app does what you want it to do overall ( books , pdfs , and mobi ) and also is a major part of the kindle fire amazon ecosystem they have setup for the device ; and may be the way to go if you decide to revert your fire to its un-rooted state . edit ( addition ) : amazon also seems to like releasing updates that un-root your device ( and prevent further known rooting methods - for now ) . source states that unless you have changed roms , you are susceptible at any time on wifi to get the update .
b1 free archiver works good for unzipping files and password protected files . how to uncompress a password protected zip file ? it is very simple , just tap two times on your archive and enter the password .
try archidroid and it will do your job . . . it extracts password-protected rar , zip , tar , gzip , bzip2 and 7zip files . . . amazingly it is free . . . other apps did not work for me but this one works like a charm : )
install dual file manager . this program lets you unzip password protected files .
i would suggest to start your phone in recovery mode ( download and install quickboot from market ) . if your phone restart in recovery mode you just need to find the last version of cyanogen working on your phone , install it and live happily . if you do not feel like it just do a wipe all from your recovery menu ( that is a complete " format " of your phone ) and install from scratch latest sony firmware from their website . as you start in one path or another and face different problems just come here with new and more accurate questions so we can give accurate answers : ) you will get a brand new phone : do not give up !
i fixed it : ) in case somebody is in the same situation , here is what i did : i flashed my phone to its original rom using flashtool ( if u dont know how to use it go here ) thats it thanks everyone
i would recommend going back to the sony official firmware . this thread has step-by-step instructions for reverting xperia x10 handsets to stock rom . you might want to search the thread to confirm that the process is the same for your x10i model before starting . keep in mind that flashing to the stock firmware will erase all of your settings and installed apps , so back up the important bits .
rather than sleeping , i spent a few more hours experimenting . i found what works best for my needs is an ftp server app . for casual transfers , when both devices are connected to the same network , i will just transfer through my access point . with the limitations that implies . if i am not near an ap or just want full speed , i will deal with the hassle of setting of the wi-fi direct partnership and then launch the ftp server . it usually takes 3-5 tries before the devices connect , but once they do , ftp works stable and fast . furthermore , this solution also satisfies my secondary goal , of being able to use the same method to transfer files between android device and pc . now , there are a lot of ftp server apps out there . most are ad-supported , most are rather big as well . to my surprise , there is also quite a performance difference between them . i thought i would might as well shared my experience with the four ftp server apps i tested . . . required permissions none of the tested apps required ridiculous permissions . just the following special permissions : full network access modify or delete the contents of your usb storage modify or delete the contents of your sd card prevent tablet from sleeping prevent phone from sleeping in addition , andreas liebig 's ftpserver also required : read phone status and identity speed test setup the speed test was not exactly scientifically performed , but devices were in the exact same spots during tests . ftp server app running on nexus 7 filezilla ftp client running on windows 8 laptop both connected to the same 802.11n network . windows reported the link speed as 130 mbps ( i know this is not exact ) i downloaded the same 103,4 mib large file two times through each app test results all stats , numbers and other facts are as of march 30th 2013 . apps ordered by measured throughput , fastest on top . andreas liebig 's ftpserver price : free latest version : 2.4.0 ( 2013-03-26 ) size : 78 kb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.6 android os requirement : 1.1+ comments : initial configuration required , not plug-and-play . detailed server log on main screen when service is running . no anonymous access possible ? throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 43 seconds @2.4 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 47 seconds @2.2 mib/sec boby ertanto 's my ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 2.1 ( 2013-02-28 ) size : 1.2 mb install base : 50.000-100.000 avg . rating : 4.1 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : simple interface . very basic settings . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 48 seconds @2.2 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 49 seconds @2.1 mib/sec the olive tree 's ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.11 ( 2013-01-14 ) size : 1.1 mb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.4 android os requirement : 2.1+ comments : based on apache ftp server . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec berserker 's ftpdroid price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.3.1 ( updated 2012-12-28 ) size : 2.0 mb install base : 50.000 - 100.000 avg . rating : 3.9 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : based on pure-ftpd . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . troughput : 103,4 mib downloaded in 135 seconds @0,8 mib/sec , 103,4 mib downloaded in 121 seconds @0,9 mib/sec conclusion not only is andreas liebig 's ftpserver the only completely free of the apps tested , it is incredibly light weight ( 78 kb ! ) , can run on any android phone you can find but also has the fastest throughput of the apps tested . once the initial configuration is done , the main window simply displays your standard ftp server log , whereas other applications pretty much displays nothing but a few buttons and maybe the ip address and port of the server . thank you , andreas !
i use an app called hitchernet-beta to move files across wifi direct between devices . it is fast and stable , great for pushing video files and other big files . in jelly bean the permissions issues of other versions are solved so two way transfer is possible . i am working with these guys to build wifi direct into a game app i am building . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kharybdis.hitchernet
i am budius , the developer of the wifi shoot ! and i must say that j4velin 's explanation is really spot on and pretty sad . i started developing it just because i saw this cool technology and no one was using it but it only proved to be a big headache . even during development ( i was using a transformer tf300 and a galaxy nexus ) it took me much more time than it should had and i had lots and lots of problems simply because the technology is broken on the driver level . example of that is that asus removed support for wifi direct on their jelly-bean built of the transformer ( and that was reason for one of my 1-star rating , it stopped work on the user transformer ) if my app was completely free i probably was going to the same approach of j4velin and simply pull the plug on it , but now i feel i can not just cancel it for the users that paid for it . i started checking some options to allow it to operate over normal wifi too and only use wifi-direct if the user specifically request for it , but it is a personal project and i simply do not have free time now . really hope the manufacturers get their act together , but i would not put my hopes up . anyone who always uses bluetooth everyday ( a technology that was originally developed in 1994 ) know that sometimes you have to reboot your mobile just to have it connect to a headset .
i released an app last week that i hope will solve your problems . wifi direct friends https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cobaltstar.wififriends most significantly , it can transfer files in both directions once the two devices are connected , which i think seems to be your main big issue . so even though you may have to guess which device to press connect on ( blame the device manufacturers ) , you will know that once they are connected you can send and receive no problem . make sure you are not connected to any other wifi networks , or else things will get slow and unreliable . i also added auto restart of the wifi when there are problems or hangups in the initial connection process , so hopefully there will not be much guesswork or troubleshooting . you have hit the nail on the head with regards to finding problems about how wifi direct is implemented across these devices . we are dealing with the most trivial use case of the technology here and the internet is full of tales of woe . direct just does not seem ready for prime time in any big feature that needs to be depended on .
have you tried superbeam ? should work between android devices , will not work with pc though .
from the homescreen , go to menu , then edit . this brings you to an overview of configured home screens . long-press the one you want to remove , and drag it to the trashbin which appears . continue until only 3 screens are left . similarly , if you want to add more screens , there is one " screen " with a plus-sign ( "+" ) in the same place . tap that one , and you will get an additional screen .
check your apns . this might help : http://www.htc.com/mea-en/supportviewnews.aspx?dl_id=949news_id=654 note : apns are provider specific , the linked walkthrough covers ksa mobily postpaid subscribers , but if you google search : ( your provider ) apn settings , it will turn up what you need and then just substitute those values for the ones in the walkthrough . good luck !
i would bring the phone to your carrier 's local store . if a different sim card from the same carrier works , then it is possible that your sim card is damaged or corrupted . the carrier may need to replace it for you . keep in mind that some carriers ( or authorized reseller outlets ) will charge you for this .
you can compare what your phone had with the emulator for your android version . the emulator is a pristine android , with no manufacturers modifications . it is arguable whether google-branded applications ( which are not included in the emulator ) , are stock apps or not ; but afaik google-branded apps are usually not modified by manufacturers since they were not open source and also google-branded apps are updated regularly by the market .
when you go to menu , press view type and select customizable grid . now you can see an edit button as mentioned by several posts
long press the icons and you will be able to move or remove them .
i believe this will fix it : go to settings , language and input , google or android keyboard settings then untick the box next to " sound on keypress " .
a family member also has the same device , and also uses hangouts , so i was able to copy the apn information from him . for any future reference , i got mms to work again by adding these recods to the google hangouts apn list . name : lte - verizon cbs mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480 and name : ehrpd - verizon cms mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480
i just turned the text to grey so if the background is white or black , i can see the text . you have to open an email and click menu . there is the option Change font colour , middle one is grey .
by default , the email background colour is set in black and the font colour in white . i have the problem with no text in white background for my exchange server and windows live emails , but after changing the email background colour to white and the font colour to black when i received the email with no text in white background , the problem has since gone away .
i think i have found the solution to this . within settings -> power saving there is a setting for background colour for email and internet . turning this off seems to have solved my issues . my sanity has now returned !
i am also having this problem ( or something similar ) but as i don’t currently have the device i haven’t tried changing the colours yet . as far as i can tell the problem is not random . it seems to only happen on emails that have been received after the device has been setup with the exchange profile . if you delete your exchange profile from the device , then set it up again , after re-syncing you will notice that you can now read the unreadable emails from previous syncs . you will also notice that this problem occurs on any new emails you receive after setting up the device . do you know what version of exchange you are using ? i have got exchange 2010 . i am afraid i dont have a solution , but if anyone reading this does please answer this thread !
turning off other processing features , like face recognition , may also improve performance . . . though at the expense of other benefits .
i think that if you tap on the screen to set a place for the focus , you will gain some seconds for the effective shoot . it is also allow you to focus on a special part of the picture . i hope it is help .
tap on the contact icon or colored letter according to the starting letter of your mail sender and select multiple mails that you want to delete it !
disclaimer : this is based on the stock email app on a samsung galaxy s4 . if you click on an email quickly , it opens that email . if you long-press on an email , it selects that email without opening it . then if you click another email , it also selects that . now , you have two selected emails . you can then click the delete button to delete both emails .
i am using the images provided by the android-x86 project . they run fine in virtualbox , and ship with google apps pre-installed . for details , please see : android emulator for windows ( on our sister-site for software recommendations ) how to install android in virtualbox at howtogeek android emulators at izzyondroid ( my site ; scroll to the end of the page for emulations of android , as the list starts with emulators running on android ; ) ) find android-x86 iso images on their google code site
you can turn off automatic update checking by pressing menu and than settings in the play store . you can then manually go to my apps to update them . this will not greatly increase the work you have to do , because even if there is a notification once a week it would still require you to confirm the updates . there is no option however to change the frequency of the automatic updates .
if you go into settings and check " auto-update apps " it will download and install the updates without prompting you . if you are worried about data usage , also check " update over wi-fi only " . i have had my phone set this way for a while now , as i too got tired of constantly having updates to accept . as dylan yaga pointed out , if an apps update changes its permissions , you will still be prompted to update it manually , although this does not occur very often .
just uninstall google play store update to revert back to the factory settings . then updating apps will be possible .
try uninstalling the updates to put google play store back to factory version , disconnect your connection , then set " do not update " in play store settings . my problem is fixed but i have an old version of google play . but i can update my application .
first of all this is a bug somewhere on play store side so i think we can only get a work around not an actual solution , said that i solved freeing more space than it would be theoretically needed , using old version of play store works too . as for how much space is needed i do not have a clear answer because my phone ( also on android 4.2.1 and mtk based ) is rooted and i symlinked some apps to a different partition to be able to use more than 1.5gb as internal storage ( that is data size partition in my phone ) . so i think this causes some problems on size estimation because manage apps says i have 491mb free ( correct ) but settings-> storage says i have 195mb available ( not correct ) . you can try removing some apps , i think 180mb free should do . as for the black border i have had that problem since some months , i did not dig much on the issue but i think they changed image format ( new one is webp ) and the transparency layer is not working well in our phones . @rushnosh this version is out one month already but updates roll out not at the same time for everybody , if you want to try it you can update it manually downloading the apk from a trusted source like : http://www.androidpolice.com/2014/07/22/google-play-store-update-4-9-13-adds-material-design-app-and-content-pages-apk-download/ for images problem look here : https://productforums.google.com/forum/m/#!topic/nexus/tw1febzjqng looks like from google the only answer is to ask manufacturer to update to kitkat .
download the apk for 4.8 from android police , decompile , change package name , compile , install . i do not think it would be able to update then . you had have two play stores , keep the original and wait for an update that fixes it , but use the other one in the mean time . i hope this helps .
solution for this issue is to move some apps to the phone storage or sd card and not in the internal storage ; like you go to phone or mobile settings> apps> go through each app that you installed if there is a button that says " move to phone storage " or " move to sd card " click on it , in this way application will be moved out from internal storage because most of the times playstore identifies storage of apps are on internal storage not on the phone storage or sd card eventhough you have plenty of memory storage on your phone or card so that may be the reason why you have insufficient memory storage . .
the correct answer to this problem , and i always see wrong explanations , is that you have a duplicate /data/app-lib folder for the app or apps that are giving you that error . to fix : using adb , terminal , or root explorer : compare /data/app to /data/app-lib you will see , for example : /data/app/example-app-1 . apk /data/app-lib/example-app-1 /data/app-lib/example-app-2 &lt ; --extra or /data/app/example-app-2 . apk /data/app-lib/example-app-1 &lt ; --extra /data/app-lib/example-app-2 so for 1st example remove directory : /data/app-lib/example-app-2 and for 2nd example remove directory : /data/app-lib/example-app-1 then your app will install just fine ! always remember to keep the same numbers , if the apk is 1 remove 2 . . . if the apk is 2 remove 1 !
try seeing if you can login when you are in safe mode . boot into safe mode by holding down the power button to open the menu , then hold down the power-off button , and click " ok " when it asks you to reboot into safe mode . then attempt to login once the phone restarts , and re-enable the virtual keyboard . hope this helps .
as long as your android device supports usb keyboards at all , any usb keyboard will work . many android devices do not support working as a usb master device ( due to hardware limitations ) , but running android on a raspberry pi should work fine as its usb ports are fully-featured .
it has nothing to do with what app you are using – on android the screenshot key-combination works globally , no matter if you are on your homescreen , in the settings , or in a game . however , the global key-combination can vary from device to device , depending how the manufacturer implemented it . like you mentioned : normally that combination would be vol-down+power . but samsung uses ( at least on the galaxy s2 ) the combination home+power , where home is the big iphone-like button in the center below your screen . press both those keys simultaneously and hold it for about a second .
you should go to mcafee settings there is an uninstall option somewhere in the settings , on pressing that mcafee will ask you if you would like to remove it from device administrators , continue with the uninstallation from there . and , for your immediate issue , i think your device has got a serious virus/malware or may even have been hacked , which is causing remote control by someone ( i do not know if i am exaggerating a bit ) . so firstly try killing all the network connections , manually remove sim card ( if your device has it ) and turn off the wifi router and then observe if those issues persist . if issues persist factory reset your device , but prior to it take a backup of all data ( or i think you should not because it will carry the malware with it so do accordingly ) .
here 's what i did . assuming you have set up the sync process : go to firefox on your pc , click Bookmarks in the top right corner choose Unsorted Bookmarks . this opened a new window for me where i could see a section called Mobile bookmarks that i had not seen anywhere else . click and drag this Mobile Bookmarks folder to either Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu , whichever you want it to appear under ( note : the Bookmarks Menu is what we clicked on to start this process , i advise you try both and see which you like best ) . profit . hope this helps !
start off by making sure that you are plugged into a usb 2.0 port . then , put the device in download-mode , $ sudo adb reboot download continue flashing with heimdall , $ sudo heimdall flash --recovery recovery . img that should work ,
according to the official knox website , samsung knox is tightly integrated into the operating system . it uses hardware support to verify the bootloader integrity , a custom bootloader to verify the os integrity , and a custom kernel at runtime . it changes the layout of the device 's filesystem to add separate encrypted storage for the business-related files . it also relies on hardware support through arm 's trustzone technology . depending on how much of the hardware support already exists on other samsung devices , it may be possible for samsung to later backport the knox feature for older samsung phones with a device update , but it is certainly not possible for anyone else to do so , not even by installing a custom rom . ( that would not add the bootloader support to ensure the rom is not changed later . )
if the system shell on your android device is an mksh ( i.e. . /system/bin/mksh , normally ) , and the mksh version is recent enough that it supports direct builtin calls already , then you can create a link or symlink from echo to mksh ( anywhere not mounted noexec ) . this will then expose the shell’s echo builtin as externally callable utility . note that you should normally be using the builtin , not an external utility , for speed , if possible . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
yepp , in the shell . echo is a built-in command , see why is echo a shell built in command ? , wikipedia : shell built-in , and the echo command . so you will not find any " echo binary " , as it is contained in the sh command .
judging by the reviews on various sites , this app is unlikely to solve your need to reboot after the connection gets screwed up ; users report the same thing occurring with the app . this thread is particularly relevant . it seems that " eduroam fixer " is just a configurator . in particular it allows you connect to eduroam by changing config files for you ; this is useful on some roms which ( for whatever reason ) do not allow you to properly set the certificate through the interface . i am not 100% clear on the details , but the people in that thread consider it a security risk .
you can click on the applications icon , then bring up the menu and there should be edit in there . you will now be able to drag icons back and forth , remember to press the menu button again to save it .
if you have the ice cream sandwich update , pretty much all you have to do is hit the menu button from the home screen , select edit , and then long press the application you want to change . for gingerbread , click the applications icon , then follow the same procedure ( menu button , edit , etc . )
use an alternative launcher like launcher pro / adw / zeam / go launcher etc . they allow you to customize the icons that you want at the bottom of the screen in addition to many , many more useful features .
the stock messaging app will automatically save a draft message when you tap on the back button while composing the message , but the recipient field has to be filled . without a recipient it will give a warning that the message will be deleted . there are a lot of good alternatives . i have no experience with them myself ( i am using the stock app ) but a lot of people seem to like handcent , go sms pro or chompsms . just search the internet for reviews .
it will be stored in the root of your device ( /sdcard ) . if you plug your phone into a computer and access the phone you should see it like this : ( this is on my nexus 7 but it will appear the same )
go to Settings &gt; Storage . this should list available space and the size of used space for apps , pictures , videos , music , downloads , etc . you can use this as a guide to go through your storage and find files you can clean up . once you have figured out what is taking up a lot of space , then you can ask how to clear up a particular item .
try clearing out the cache files .
works now , user error it appears .
if this is still a problem , you can download an older version of facebook that does not have the quirk you are currently encountering . you can view the previously available versions from the sidebar on their site .
i had the same problem with this new update from facebook . you need to go to Settings | Apps | All apps , search for facebook , tap the entry , and then " uninstall updates " . this option is only available if your phone came with the facebook app , not if you installed it yourself . then try sync again . i am skipping the latest version of facebook ; the one before worked just fine .
there is a bug with encryption on the xoom . i have been working with a google engineer to identify the problem . basically some of the low level kernel worker processes are not sleeping properly . if you use the full version of systempanel you can see which processes are prevengint your xoom from going to sleep . hopefully there will be a fix baked into ics . according to motorola it should be released in early december .
encryption is a fairly cpu intensive process , so using more battery is not unexpected . though it depends a lot upon the apps you use and how much they read/write to the storage . i would expect that an ' idle ' xoom with encryption would last just as long as one without , but if you use an app that does lots of little writes to disk , it will end up using more cpu . the encryption happens at the block layer . this means that small writes to the disk require a read , a decrypt , an update , and then writing the block back . i do not see any useful stats about the actual cpu overhead . ( android is using the ' dm-crypt ' module of the linux kernel to do the disk encryption . )
as it says : " root on xyz " means xyz is a pre-condition for this rooting instructions ( so yes , it must already be on the device ) " install xyz " means , well , to install xyz ( whether it already was on the device or not ) .
beautiful widgets installs a bunch of individual widgets that can be used . the one with the clock and weather is the " superclock " ( or " beautiful home " , maybe ) widget . it sounds like you just need to select " beautiful weather 4x1" when picking a widget ( unless the lock screen widget thingy does not give that choice - is that the case ? ) .
what you need is a software which acts as an upnp control point on your new phone , and a media renderer with push on the old phone . a control point is capable of exactly what you need : browse media server ( your desktop ) in the same way as you do with your old phone currently , but it does not play itself , instead it tells the renderer " hey , start streaming that url " . then it just observes the renderer and can control the playback ( if renderer supports being controlled ) . that " being controlled " part is called " media push": instead of browsing the server from renderer directly , the controller tells the renderer what to do . finding a control point for android should be easy ( i will not present any suggestions , just google " android upnp control point" ) . there is a solid chance that imediashare is a control point already . but i am afraid that renderer with push for android is hard to find . it essentialy means that the phone must sit on the network with opened server socket , doing nothing , waiting for commands . and that is perhaps problematic with android . i already answered one question here on a similar matter and the asker did not report any conclusion . you are welcome to pioneer the search for such android app :- )
yes , i had the same issue , it never worked for any pc usb keyboards , except the one which we bought from domo , that ncase k6 . that k6 worked perfectly ( even to my pc ) . but a pc usb mouse worked on my domo slate x3g . buy a ncase k6 or , preferably you could install usb host controller from play store , as said by the first answer . . that should fix your issues .
install usb host controller from google play , and run it .
time for the " standard-reply": tasker . i will not go so far as to give you a complete " profile " ( as i do not use that exact combination ) , but at least a raw idea ( as for general info on what tasker is , please see its tag-wiki ) . tasker understands the required triggers , so you can use a combination of e.g. power connected proximity sensor bluetooth connected voice-control call state ( e . g . " incoming call " or even sms ) tasker can deal with the necessary actions , and for many more things there are additional plug-ins available . it supports e.g. ( without plugins ) call divert ( even restricted to certain numbers ) enable car mode load or kill an app volume control popup task ( e . g . with 3 buttons : accept , reject , message ) send sms much more is possible . so you could setup your very special and personalized solution – not only for car-mode , but for many other situations . and while root would give you additional possibilities , it is not required for the described purpose ( as far as i can tell ) .
you can see the advantages from the developer 's home page . superuser elite is the premium version of superuser . it unlocks several premium features within superuser , including : pin protection – secure your superuser prompt with a pin number so that nobody but you can grant superuser rights to apps access timeout – allow an app to maintain superuser rights for a set amount of time , so that you can allow certain apps access without having to remember them or press allow multiple times ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) . advanced log management – set the log to only store a certain number of entries before deleting the oldest entry . you also gain the ability to set certain apps to not log at all . advanced notification management – set which apps send notifications and which apps don’t toast notification placement – if you choose to use toast notifications instead of status bar notifications , you gain the ability to set where the notification will appear ; top , bottom , or center of the screen , or the default location
one solution i found is : if you long-press the search button this brings up the voice command ( for me it gave an option of messaging or vlingo )
i am not sure about the optical mouse specifically , but cyanogenmod does give you the option to alter the behavior of the various capacitive/hard buttons on the phone to some extent . in Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Input you can set the long-press behavior of the home and menu buttons , and completely change the behavior of the search button . what i have typically done is set the search key ( or long-pressing the search key ) to open up the voice search app . you could substitute the voice dialer or anything else you wanted if you set it up this way , with the trade-off being that you lose the default search functionality ( in my case it is okay because i never use the search button ) .
it is understandable that your battery life will decrease when you run 4.4 on an older device like the s2 . but that is strange . try identifying the process like the other users suggested . i would also suggest greenify , an app that can put processes and apps into automatic hibernation , decreasing their cpu toll .
interesting ! never seen a phone that did not list ' screen ' as biggest drain . i would try uninstalling apps until it is fixed , my theory being that some cheesy app ( spyware ? ) keeps calling home . start with the running apps list--anything running that should not be ? got gps turned off ? how much free storage do you have on the phone ? if the phone 's memory is nearly full it will overwork itself , in my experience , perhaps defragging . if none of that fixes it to your satisfaction then i would wipe the phone clean and start over . let us know what you find out !
that is very interesting . have you looked for the " unknown " app in your application manager ? that may shed some light on the subject , if it can or can not be found anywhere in there . other than that , look at some recently downloaded apps , see if they have any weird numbers in the app manager . a very puzzling problem indeed .
if you are rooted , i would recommend downloading better battery stats ( or wakelock detector ) from the google play store , and finding the name of the ' mad ' processes . if you are not rooted , i recommend you root as other apps can not access battery stats as of android os version 4.4 .
if your looking for a bluetooth solution , it might be possible via this but does it have a fm transmitter out of the box , no .
early promotional material for the galaxy s said that it had an fm transmitter . samsung later removed this from the list of features . some models , such as the i9000 , have a fm receiver . it appears other versions also have a receiver that is not supported by drivers ; this xda thread has more details . your best bet is to get an fm transmitter than plugs into the headphone jack , or to use bluetooth .
it sounds like your clock is 4 minutes fast . check to see if your phone is getting its time from the network ( on gingerbread , it is settings/date and time , not sure about cm 7.2 ) . if you are getting time from the network , try disabling automatic updates and set the time manually to a source like time . gov or time . is .
use chrome beta for android . it is made by google to test out new features . no root is required and can be installed side by side with the original google chrome app . by default , chrome beta for android will prompt you for a translation when you visit a site . the app can be found on google play . also , if you use the same google account on your phone and in your pc browser , you can install the app from your pc without having to search for it on your phone . it will automatically install .
yes , it is possible with the current beta build of chrome . it works exactly the same way it does on the desktop .
try the following solution from another website : method 1: if your device is on stock firmware , that also means it does not have a custom recovery like cwm or twrp not installed on it , do the following steps : pull out the the battery of your phone , wait for about 30 seconds and reinsert it to its place . boot your device into asr ( android system recovery ) mode . the method involves a hardware key combination and varies from one phone to another . for samsung phones , for example , the key combination is volume up+ home + power keys . the tablets which generally have no home button , you can enter the recovery mode by pressing and holding the volume up + power keys simultaneously . in the android system recovery , scroll down to “wipe data/factory reset” option using the volume rockers and select it using the power key . in case , wiping the data factory does not help you , you should also try “wipe cache partition” . when you have wiped the data/factory , go back to the main menu and reboot the device by “reboot system now” option . the bootloop problem should be fixed now . method 2: if you have a rooted device with cwm recovery installed and your phone is caught into a bootloop after flashing a custom rom or mod , do as follows : pull out the battery , reinsert it after 30 seconds and boot the device into cwm recovery : volume up+ home + power keys simultaneously . go to “advanced” choose “wipe dalvik-cache” now go to “mounts and storage” choose “wipe /cache” reboot your phone the bootloop should be gone now . if it still persists , do this . boot the phone again into cwm recovery now go to “mounts and storage” choose “wipe /data” choose “wipe /cache” then reboot your phone . now the phone should reboot normally . next time when you install a rom , follow the instructions prescribed by the developer . be more attentive to the warnings before experimenting with any third party rom or mod . always ensure what you are about to install is meant for your device . if the above methods do not work ! in case you are not able to get your device come out of bootloop , your final option should be to install or restore a previously backed up rom by putting the device in recovery mode , or to install the official firmware/factory image to your phone your tablet .
it is either restored when you first configure your android account on the device and accept the cloud backup , or not at all . there is no way to trigger it manually except for factory-resetting and re-configuring the account ( sometimes it even requires to use a different sim to trigger a complete restore , as one user reported ; i just cannot find the reference at the moment ) . you will find a lot of details in the answers to google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? .
you can access them through the group " starred in android " in gmail
to change whether a contact is a favorite or not , go to your contact list , click on the contact name , then toggle the " star " in the top right corner of the contact screen .
for editing , this question should help , although it is specific to the htc incredible . for removing , it is the same idea ( select contact name , not icon ) then remove them from the favorites group . hope it helps .
removing it from " favourites " or " starred in android " did not work for me . i do not have any star either on my htc wildfire . you have to find your contact in the " phone " list ( this one where you go when you want to call someone , middle bottom of the desktop ) . then you touch it , wait until menu arrives and . . . tap " remove from favourites " . interesting that you will not find this option in " people " app , or in contact details either .
android syncs to gmail , contacts , and calendar nearly effortlessly . it seems like in your case it is outlook that is the problem child . do you need to sync contacts with outlook too ? if not , a one-time export/import from outlook to gmail should meet your needs . i would say have outlook sync with google and have the phone sync with google . syncing the phone to outlook too will probably duplicate data and/or leave gaps in your data .
i was looking for a way to sync my x10 with outlook and found this link , it is called my phone explorer http://www.hackitz.ca/droid/android_contact_sync_outlook works good , and it is free
i heard that it is a hardware ability in phones which should provide electricity for usb devices to run . also most of the sony phones support it but few samsungs devices . i have a galaxy young . by the way , i now see this page . the new developer claims the young is an o.t. g device . . . i hope so .
there is no way to enable usb otg on samsung galaxy y duos . thats all i know so far .
you can use an app such as sim contacts manager or sim contacts to manage your contact on your sim card , including accessing and transferring them to the phone . if you have android 4.0+ , you can do this straight from your contacts app . Open Contacts &gt; Menu &gt; Import/export &gt; Import from SIM card
has your friend modified the linkify app that implements the app associations ? typically both the linkify app that actually performs the association and the settings app where you set them are signed by the system signing key . if the linkify app was replaced with a modified version not signed by the system signing key , which is possible if you unlock and root your device , i imagine it would have trouble accessing the settings .
i think you have got to differentiate between " software-layers " and " hardware-layers " in the first place . if you put a " display foil " on top of the screen , that will certainly not reduce battery consumption ( though it " dims " your display ) . but if it is a software layer reducing brightness , that is something completely different : how should that be achieved other than reducing the " amount of light created " ? it is not a " physical layer on top " , though it kind-of works like that when it comes to lcds . 1 i have no means of proving it " physically " , but here are two ways i can imagine*** 2 * : reducing light intensity of the " light generators " ( leds for oled , or backlight for lcd ) by feeding less power to them – which would work for both types of displays , and is the way the actual brightness control works altering the color values ( e . g . convering "#ffffff " to "#dddddd " , making " white " a " light gray" ) – primarily working for oled to " safe power " , but in theory also for displays using differently colored leds ( or led arrays ) to compose the color , if such exist 3 as dan put it 1 : using a filter/overlay like this will make either type of screen look darker , but it'll only reduce power use on oled screens . on lcd screens , only decreasing the backlight brightness saves power . apart from that , your quotes nowhere state the filters would not affect power consumption in either way ; ) 1 following up a discussion in chat between dan and me , on lcds it in fact is similar ; quoting dan : using a software overlay to darken pixels on an lcd screen will not reduce the power consumption [ … which works ] by putting a transparent grey full-screen window on top of other windows ; that is more likely to increase overall power consumption , because you are giving the window compositor more work to do . does not contradict whith what i wrote , but gives more insight in " applying the right filter to the wrong display type": the same amount of " backlight " is generated , just the crystals ( lcd = liquid crystal display ) are darker . 2 there might be other possibilities which escaped me , so i do not claim the list to be complete . it should give some insight nevertheless . 3 there are differently colored leds at least for red , green , and blue ( read : rgb , so such a combination would cover the full color spectrum ) , making displays like this potentially possible ( note i did not say they already exist ! ) ; different colors feature different efficiency – so " red-ifying " the screen would safe power ( red-orange leds feature the most lumen-per-watt according to wikipedia ) .
even if that is true , that would not apply to all screens such as an ( am ) oled screen that does not use a backlight . from wikipedia article on amoled : the amount of power the display consumes varies significantly depending on the colour and brightness shown . as an example , one commercial qvga oled display consumes 0.3 watts while showing white text on a black background , but more than 0.7 watts showing black text on a white background , while an lcd may consume only a constant 0.35 watts regardless of what is being shown on screen . " also read the claims on the apps themselves , most do not even claim to effect battery life on other screens from " screen filter " app : applies a shade that acts as a dimmer to ensure your eyes do not hurt . far more powerful than android 's built-in brightness setting . great for low-light gaming , web browsing , and ebook reading . it even saves battery life for amoled displays ! from " night mode " app : if you have an amoled display , you can also save battery !
strange that clearing the data did not fix it . however , you should be able to click on each of the apps that are pretend-downloading and hit cancel .
you can try sony pccompanion this will install the driver for your device . or flashtool after installing you will find the driver in the path you installed flashtool . mostly C:\Flashtool\Drivers note : enable debugging mode in xperia and connect in msc mode .
if auto-correct is the problem , i would just turn it off . then you can type whatever you want without the system trying to over-ride your decisions . it does mean that you will have to take responsibility for any spelling mistakes , but it also means no more having your words twisted by a matching algorithm .
i also have this problem , where i often type in italian using many english words or even expressions . if you can not find a keyboard with support for two separate languages ( i know the xperia default keyboard does , for example ) , i strongly suggest you to try swiftkey . along with many wonderful features , it is also able to recognize up to three languages at a time ( e . g . you can start typing in french , and then type a word in english : swiftkey will recognize you are now using english , and apply the english autocorrect and suggestions ) - just install the appropriate language packs ( in your case , french , english ( gb ) and english ( us ) ) . swiftkey has a free trial that lasts 1 month , but some googling is enough to find out how to bypass the limit .
if i remember well : in the language and input settings click the settings icon next google keyboard . you can then change the input languages settings and select multiple languages . finally go the advanced settings there should be a way to enable a key that allows you to easily switch your input method when typing ( from memory it was by holding the space bar ) bon courage !
first , this often just a simple problem . little balls of lint and debris can gather inside the headphone jack . this can cause the plug not to seat fully into the jack . this will prevent the system from recognizing that headphones were connected . i have to clean mine out every few months . i just use on of the little plastic dental picks to pull the lint out . also , since this is not an official miui rom , it could be a problem with the port . try contacting the rom maintainer through the forum where you obtained the rom .
so , i have figured out myself what caused the problem , thanks anyway : i tried uninstalling some apps i installed before and looks like " business calendar free beta " caused this problem . after i removed it , it works just fine and normal . and i did not liked it anyway and i think the standard app is good for me .
voice search is the name of the voice interaction app created by google . it allows you to search your phone and the web using your voice . voice actions is a specific feature of the voice search app that allows you to perform actions on your phone using your voice ( such as calling someone , launching your music player , getting directions , etc ) . voice search supports a variety of locales but the voice actions component is only available for a subset of those ( originally us english only , though i believe it has since expanded ) . if you have a separate app named " voice commands " then it is most likely developed by a third-party . i know some verizon phones , for instance , ship with an app named " voice commands " and bottom of the app displays Nuance Communications copyright 2003-2011 .
try starting it in safe mode if you have a home button - try keeping it depressed as you power up the device .
according to the instructions in the device 's manual there should be a " reset " button on the back . the manual does't have any information on how to use it , but i would try pushing the button while the device is on , or turning it on while having this button pressed .
well , when htc leaves it up to us , it is up to us , so i kept playing with it . it turns out that the response i got is a generic response from fastboot : it does a piss-poor job of checking its arguments . that particular response , in effect , means , " invalid command arguments . " yes , i made a typographical error and this was the result . it did not occur to me this could be the case first because most programmers check the input before continuing on and give reasonable error messages , and secondly because i tried it first as a dry-run and it gave the response , &lt ; waiting for device > . then , when i did it " for real " , i merely hit up-arrow and plugged in the device , etc . rather than delete this question , i am leaving this here as a bread-crumb for others who may run into this same problem . type it properly and it works ! if you appreciate that , vote it up ! -smile-
i got this error , solved it thanks to this thread http://androidforums.com/desire-s-all-things-root/444571-unlock-using-htcdev-com.html basically , this page http://www.htcdev.com/bootloader/ruu-downloads is slightly misleading . if your device is not listed , you might still need to update the ruu anyway .
have you gone into settings and turned motion settings on ? in addition , you have to be precise . press and hold the home button and power button at the same exact time and hold it for a couple of seconds . about two seconds when holding but press them at the same time . also , depending on your android version : volume down and power button simultaneously should work [ press and hold ]
home screen shortcut we believe it is an android bug . in fact , as i could confirm on a custom build , adding FLAG_ACTIVITY_SINGLE_TOP fixed the problem for home screen shortcuts , despite its documentation indicating pretty the opposite , as below . we find those docs very poorly written , at least . according to the developer , this fix is going to work as long as main app activity stays on top ( that is , editing a sync job then pressing home button for tapping icon again is not going to work ) . if set , the activity will not be launched if it is already running at the top of the history stack . tasker and autoshortcut for some reason , the above fix does not work in autoshortcut . i do not know how different the intent sent by this plugin is from that of the home screen shortcuts . either way , i have reported the problem to the developer . regardless , i also just have set up a direct intent configuration in tasker , instead of using autoshortcut , as follows : action : com.bv.wifisync.run extra : itemId:&lt;id&gt; ( see below ) package : com.bv.wifisync class : com.bv.wifisync.Hosts target : Activity you have to replace &lt;id&gt; with the actual number of the job you want to run . in my case , 1 points to my computer , meaning it will run all of its jobs . knowing the actual number seems just like counting from top to bottom , but in case this fails , here 's how i have found it ( android sdk and grep required on desktop ) : enable debug mode on the phone . connect phone to computer 's usb . run adb logcat &gt; temp.log . start syncme . cancel the adb command . run grep "Validated job" temp.log , this should show you the ids .
android gives activities a setting called launchMode , which allows them to control how and when they are launched . with some values of launchMode , starting the same activity again with an intent will not start a new activity : instead , it'll deliver the new intent to the existing activity . this might happen only if the activity is the foreground activity , or if it is anywhere in the current task ( that is , if you can get to that activity just by pressing back repeatedly ) . it is quite common for app authors to set launchMode to solve some kinds of programming or user interface problem , such as concurrency issues that arise from having two instances of the same activity running at once , one in the foreground and one in the background . when they do this , they do not always remember to write the code to handle the new intent the activity is sent by android : the activity receives the intent a different way to when it is first launched . it is hard to tell without knowing more about this app , but from the behaviour you describe , it sounds like syncme has fallen into this trap . you should tell the developer what you are trying to achieve , and ask them to fix it .
after quite some time a friend of mine goofed around and actually found the fix : cyanogenmod settings > display > automatic blacklight in here enable ' use custom ' and then look at the values in ' edit other levels . . . ' . the levels you want to edit are either the ones under ' buttons ' which are the values for the backlight of the soft keys ( home , menu , back and search ) and the values under ' keyboard ' is for the keyboard backlight . a value of 30 is standard for the ' buttons ' and the values for the ' keyboard ' are only 0 or higher than 0 . ( even though you can choose values between 0 and 255 , it does not seem to matter visibly . )
i had this same problem and this fixed it go to "/data/app-lib/app-path ( that has this error ) /lib " and delete . install/update the apk app . if this does not work try going to "/data/app-lib/app-path ( that has this error ) " and delete all the folder ( but you must begin by their sub-folder then the folder itself , because you cant delete the folder of this app-path directly without deleting their sub-folder first the reason for this is that for android 4.2 , + google create a new lib folder for the apps in "/data called /data/app-lib/" and there is a symlink from "/data/data/app-path/lib " to this folder which is the most culpable of this error . i came by this knowledge here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2443267 like i said it worked for me . .
the built-in gallery app does not show photos in a tree structure : it just has albums . when you copy files in directly , it normally just puts each folder of photos in an album with that photo 's name . when another app adds photos to the gallery , it can specify what album ( s ) to put it in , according to what the app knows about the picture . if you want to browse photos by their folder structure , do not use the built-in gallery app . there are a lot of third-party photo viewing apps on google play , so pick one you like and use that instead .
you have mistakenly activated " talkback " , a google service for blind/visually impaired users . to deactivate : open " settings " -> under " system " open " accessibility " -> open " talkback " -> slide the slider in the upper right corner to " off "
android 4.4 ( kitkat ) has a built-in printing system . it uses " cloud print " , which can print to a " cloud print ready " printer , or to a normal printer accessible from an internet-connected pc running google chrome . in either case , the target printer does not even have to be on the same network , if both the printer and your tablet are connected to internet . you can also use this system to generate a pdf from the content you are trying to print . i have not tried using chrome to print a web page with css rules as you describe , so i can not say for sure that you will get exactly the results you had get on desktop , but i would expect it to work the same way .
i do not think that developer released a version of that rom that is compatible with your device so my advice to you would be to go to the optimus 2x forum and find a jelly bean rom there or you can check out this link other roms :
that must be an htc sense thing ; no such calendars ever existed on my droid . it does not look like you will be able to get rid of them short of rooting your phone .
for calendars . go to the calendar . touch any day . then hit menu . then hit more . then select calendars . then un-check facebook . ( at least one calendar has to be selected btw . it took off all the birthdays . for contacts . hit people . hit menu . select view . then check just phone . however when you search some things . facebook contacts somehow still are searched . so i dont know how to remove them completely . thanks to micah reuben charles perez http://www.facebook.com/topic.php?topic=15423post=112530uid=41158896424#!/topic.php?uid=41158896424topic=15423
you can not delete them but you can uncheck them so no information from them shows in the calendar . many folks are still using outlook for calendaring and need the ability to sync with the desktop .
you may be able to boot , but the likely hood that things like the camera , wifi and other things , working are slim . even when it is " the same device " , just a variant ( like the vibrant , captivate , galaxy s , fascinate , for example ) flashing a rom not made for the specific device will not work . the differences in the hardware causes modifications to the rom . everything from the wifi chip , to the camera can require custom drivers . most likely , you wont even be able to boot though .
go to : settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks . make sure the " data roaming " checkbox is unchecked . that will keep you from roaming accidentally , since you will have to enable it . if you want to enable it and use roaming lightly , there are some apps in the market that will track your data usage for you . however , in my experience roaming abroad has been so expensive that even roaming for a few minutes of data is not worth it . i usually either try to find a public hotspot or get a prepaid sim card with data .
make sure to use wifi whenever possible . no data is consumed when you are connected via the wifi antenna .
it is a very simple tool , but i like apndroid to totally disable data while leaving basic phone functionality intact . it has a nice toggle widget . there are also settings that can help with this . on my nexus one , there are settings here : settings -> wireless and network settings -> mobile networks your mileage may vary depending on your model . you can play with those settings to disable roaming or data .
i realize this is a commercial plug , but i am merely a happy customer , not part of the business . . . anyway , i rented a sim card from http://iphonetrip.com , and got data while travelling in mexico ( i live in the us ) . it worked well !
if clearing the cache does not work then another option would be to uninstall updates to the play app . in a lot of cases this seems to do the trick .
looks like what the op is looking for can be done at appbrain , using the &amp;sort=popular url parameter . see e.g. this example search for file sync : first result page mosly holds apps with 10k+ downloads with a good " internal rating " ( they have their own " rating number " in addition to the playstore rating ) . checking some , they seem to have 10k+ ratings on gplay as well . additional filtering is possible for free/paid , new/updated , app2sd , reduced price . though not being exactly what was asked for , i guess it is pretty close . another good result list can be obtained with the &amp;sort=highest-rated variant , which seems to sort by playstore rating : " file sync " by rating .
go to this website and follow the odin method to install a new rom . you should be able to put your phone in download mode/odin mode to do the same . try this out to replace to a stock rom - http://android.sc/update-samsung-galaxy-s2-i9100-to-official-ota-android-4-1-2-vjms3-jelly-bean-firmware/ you can visit this website to find some nice roms for the phone with reviews as well - www.galaxys2root.com
install widgetlocker lockscreen . it allows to add homescreen widgets on lockscreen . update : htc widgets can not be added to widgetlocker , but third-party general widgets can be . so , install beautiful widgets app , first . it has exact htc flip-clock alternative .
just disable wifi . i have 1.5.1c beta 2 . look for ccrusher1 on the forum , and message me if you need more help .
well , i went over to the android forums and asked . . . apparently , it is a known bug in all overclocked versions of shinjitsu . i installed the non-overclocked kernel ( as an update . zip from the sd card , with clockwork ) and it is been almost two hours and everything is working perfectly !
the main difference between a " user profile " and a " restricted profile " is that a restricted profile does not have its own google account , which is needed for gmail and google+ hangouts . a restricted profile with a google account in it is just a normal user account . if you want to restrict access to features in a normal user profile , you need to use device-administrator software to impose a security policy . this will also allow you to remotely/centrally manage each device .
off in the world of real computers , with very fast memory and orders of magnitude slower storage--hard disks--there is the concept of virtual memory . basically , each application gets what seems like a very large amount of memory , an address space . behind the scenes , this address space is broken up into pages that are transfered between real , fast , memory and a part of the hard disk called swap space ( i.e. . slow memory ) by the operating system and as needed . in linux , this swap space can be one or more specially formatted partitions and/or one or more files , or swap files . the operating system is smart enough to keep track of where it is storing what . it also ensures that before a program tries to read/write from a place in memory , that the page being accessed is first moved to real memory . for example , if you are using your word processor and open 10,000 documents , exhausting main memory , some of the less recently accessed documents may be transfered the swap space to give way for the ones you just opened . if you switch over to your browser , perhaps all of the memory used by the word processor will be shunted to the swap , replaced by the working-state of the browser . again , this is done automatically by the operating system , with no real involvement from programs . according to your programs , they are running on a machine with a very large amount of memory . according to the user , when this swapping occurs , there will be brief delays as the operating system moves data between the two types of memory . back in the windows 95 days , it was pretty clear when the swapping was occurring as the hard disk light would be pretty much solid for a few seconds . so , fast forward to phones . on a phone running android , there is usually no hard disk . instead , you have main memory--ram , or that fast memory mentioned above--and some form of non-volatile storage . it turns out that type of memory is slower than ram , but not nearly as slow as a hard disk . although it would be tempting to use some or all of this non-volatile storage as swap space , i suspect manufacturers and google , observed that one property of this non-volatile storage is that it degrades with repeated writes , and so opted not to use it . this means that instead of having seemingly limitless memory , activities on android only have access to ram . when the android framework tries to start an activity and the operating system says sorry , out of memory , android responds by killing activities until it has reclaimed enough memory . this is why you notice dolphin browser actually reloading pages when you switch from and then back to it : whatever you switched to tried to use so much memory that android had to start killing activities . so , swapper . what swapper does is dig into the operating system and re-enable virtual memory by creating a swap file on your sd card and telling the os about it . the os then makes all programs ( including the android framework ) feel that they each have a lot of memory , and handles moving data between real memory and the swap file . this is why dolphin does not get killed as frequently with swapper enabled . as the swapper page on google play explains , this could have a detrimental effect on whatever non-volatile memory the swap file is placed on . if you are using an sd card , when you start getting write/read errors , you can just swap it out . if you are using a phone with built-in non-volatile memory , it is a different story . i am not 100% sure what sort of impact repeated writes has to this sort of memory , but it is a risk you should be aware of .
i ended up flashing custom kernel from here ( for "#1.8 . android version 4.1.2 , jelly bean . " ) : http://androidforums.com/galaxy-s2-international-all-things-root/482994-rooting-galaxy-s2-dummies-guide.html then i was able to attempt installation of cyanogenmod 11 , snapshot m7 , which did not work ( but that is another story ) . just leaving this note here if anyone comes from google search with the same problem . the corner stone was that i expected my phone to enter recovery mode with [ home ] + [ volume down ] + [ power ] combo , i.e. that cwm recovery overrides download mode . in reality , these two modes are independent of each other . to enter recovery mode , use [ home ] + [ volume up ] + [ power ] . you do not need cwm to enter recovery mode , but the default feature set is limited , so yes , better get cwm . regarding cyanogenmod 11 installation , according to another question here on android . stackexchange , it requires cwm v6.0.4.5 to run . problem is that officially cwm does not support my samsung galaxy s2 i9100m ( and even the version i am supposed to download for a generic/international s2 off their website is like v5.8 . x . x ) , so i would need to find a custom built cwm . cwm completely replaces the default recovery mode . tried latest philz touch , but it did not work . actually it did not work so badly , that i had to flash original image from samsung (sammobile.com). go in recovery , clear data ( factory reset ) , clear cache . make sure the os starts ( goes into init/setup mode - after factory reset ) . flash custom kernel siyah-s2-v6.0b5 . tar , do cwm restore , to bring phone back to shape . for reference , in my attempt to install cyanogenmod 11 i soft bricked my phone 9-10 times already , with a total of 1 full working day spent on this campaign ( 8 hours ) .
you can find all of the stock kernel versions at the wikipedia android version history page . it has the kernel version for each version of android ; it is at the end of the descriptions of each android version . table from wikipedia : note : other “distributions” of android might run different kernel versions . anyone is welcome to correct and expand this table . please keep formatting .
same here , i had the update downloaded for 10 days but the yesterday it stopped showing in the notification bar . maybe google has taken the update off for now , so it is not checking for it ? i have also tried all the force update methods as well .
you can try clearing the google services framework data . disconnect from wifi and mobile data , go to Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All Apps -&gt; Google Services Framework and tap Clear data . after this , restore data connections and go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; Software Updates and tap Check for updates , and the update should appear . if not , the update is still in rollout for your region .
you can force an actual update check ( the " check for update " thing does not necessarily do a real check for updates ) on some phones by dialing the mmi code # #2432546# # ( the numbers spell " checkin" ) . do not push the call button after entering the code , just wait a few seconds . a notification saying " checkin succeeded " should appear .
the serial interface you see is a qualcomm diag interface . it has nothing to do with adb/fastboot . it can be used to recover the phone though by flashing the proper bootloader . you will need to use qualcomm tools like qpst and find the proper flashing image in qpst format .
personally , i use doggcatcher and have had no problems with it . it will always remember where you last were in the podcast , even if you went and played a different podcast instead and came back to that one . it'll auto-delete based on how you set it up . for me , it auto deletes after i have listened to it . it usually happens pretty quickly too ( 15 min or so ) . you can also tell it when to update and how many episodes of a podcast to download that you have not listened to yet .
beyondpod ( $7 but well worth it ) will do everything you mentioned in your question . i have tried doggcatcher and a slew of free apps and i have found beyondpod to be the best . you sort you podcasts from newest to oldest , or oldest to newest , or longest to shortest , or shortest to longest . you can also break them up into categories which i find helpful . also , it is very good at remembering you place . i regularly start one podcast then switch to another , then another and find that i can always return to the unfinished shows without losing my place . there are also numerous autoupdate and auto delete options . you can set certain categories of feeds update on a certain schedule . you can set the auto delete globally , on the category level or at the podcast level , telling it to delete podcasts of a certain age , or tell it to only keep so many podcasts , or delete after listening . its also easy to mass delete all " listened to " podcasts with just two clicks .
normally , the quickest ' fix ' to see what is going on is to try sudo adb devices ( or sudo ./adb devices if you downloaded adb stand-alone . ) if that works , then your permissions are not right . once the server starts you can use adb without sudo . however since you said other phones work , my guess is that the lg phones attempt to auto-detect or auto-negotiate mtp / usb mass storage and do not like your linux system ( this is nothing new , vendors do not test this . ) there are no drivers for linux for this ( aside : i hope there never are . ) check dmesg and lsusb output - it is possible they are doing something funny on the phone side with usb . you may need to force any sort of auto-mounting or usb storage option to " charge only " which should make the phone behave .
the advantage that atrix currently has is that the hdmi out can display up to a 1280x1024 resolution , plus the dock provides full function usb keyboard and mouse . some of the other androids do have hdmi out , however they only mirror the lower resolution of the phone display ( if at all ) most of them only output pictures or videos . the atrix does the best job of providing access to a virtual desktop without compromise . disclaimer : citrix worked with motorola on the atrix solution
if you are asking if you can do remote desktop on a phone and also have the phone output to a tv , the answer 's yes . i use remote desktop enterprise on my device ( samsung galaxy s vibrant ) , and my device supports some sort of output from the usb port to hdmi as well as wireless dlna .
i think you need to adjust the settings in the google maps application that control this . launch maps and press the overflow menu icon ( the three dots in the bottom right on vanilla android ; you may need to access your settings slightly differently on other devices with custom ui skins ) , then go to Settings =&gt; Location settings and scroll down . you should see a subsection labeled " check-ins": if you also want the cards for nearby places to be hidden then you can do that in google now 's settings . select Settings =&gt; Google Now =&gt; Places and turn those cards off .
i have installed rockplayer from the android market on my nexus one , limited testing for avi , divx and mkv formats has been successful . have yet to check wmv 's .
the only one i am aware of is yxflash , and i was not too impressed by it - the video was quite choppy . i am looking forward to the upcoming android version of coreplayer , though , because i was able to play smooth divx videos with its predecessor tcpmp on my tungsten t5 with a fraction of the power my nexus one had . edit : i just saw that there is a new media player out for android called rockplayer that will play divx and wmv . i have not had a chance to test it though .
i have done it with both arcmedia and moboplayer to view these . wmvs play fine with this . an alternative is do send it to your gmail and watch it from the gmail app or to upload it to picasa and view it in the gallery or through the browser . in both cases the video is converted in transit to something the video player understands .
it should not matter which one you get , because the internal charging chip " should " control the maximum charging current . so unless you are planning to use your charger with another device that can charge at a higher current , you are wasting your money ( unless they cost the same . ) if for some reason , like custom rom or poor firmware , the charging chip is not operating right , you risk burning the vias on the pcb .
have you tried pasting the rss url into rhythmbox/gpodder or another podcatcher , and transferring to device ? after selecting the podcast in the podcasts section , simply drag and drop to the device on the left side of rhythmbox when it is connected . you may have some success with apps on the phone , specifically , i had seen something for subscribing itunes podcasts in podax . i was having a similar problem accessing my university media on android , and rewrote the tunesviewer app for android access , which may work better for you depending on what you are trying to access .
these guys recommend isyncr as a solution . cons : it is not free , and it will not sync copy-protected content .
alternatively i can recommend the itunes u app “tunespace” for android
i throw the podcast feeds into my google reader account , and then use google listen on my droid , automatically downloads the pod casts
first install this awesome file manager program called es file explorer . link in there browse to /sdcard . now press menu and select settings . go to file settings and check show hidden files now you should see the folder hidden folder . xiaoniubook . long press it and choose delete from the menu . and just for your information , in linux any file/folder starting with . are considered as hidden file/folder .
have got a android sdk . if you have got it , then go to tools directory , and type : adb shell rm /sdcard/ . xiaoniubook
you can turn off your mobile data while playing the games . Settings &gt; More Settings &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Deselect "Mobile Data" but with this , you can not sign in to google play games service ( if available in the game ) .
you cannot track your building 's movements with the gps . its accuracy is not better than ~10m . if your house does move that much , you will not need any hardware to detect it .
the solution i use for similar situation is trekbuddy . i am sure you will discard the idea of using this app if you did not understand it well . hence , read through its description in its play site and their forums . it requires little homework before any such serious use . but once you know your way ( pun intended ) through the application , it will be a breeze . with this app , you can plan your route on computer export it as gpx and together with few mp3 files you can create a turn-by-turn pre-planned navigation . be aware that if you miss your turn this will not reroute you back . you have to see the map that and continue either on the new route or try to join the pre planned route . to know about its other uses , take a look at my answer for the question " how to import gps coordinates track for using offline " you may also try osmand . you can create a pre planned route and export as gpx file . osmand can be configured to use this pre defined route . i could not get my head through the options and configurations to make this work . but from reading its help , i understand that this can do the above and even reroute in case if you miss your turn . personally , i like trekbuddy for its simplicity and its many features as i described in my answer to the other question . if you happen to succeed with osmand , please share your procedure with us . update : after reading through the forum pages of trekbuddy , i finally figured out how to use a pre planned turn by turn navigation feature and i tried today to ensure it is working . the steps involved are ( from scratch ) : install trekbuddy either from playstore or from their download link . run the app with gps switched on . press Menu and press Start and wait for gps fix . if gps fix is a success you will see the cross hair at your location in the world map . to display a map , you have to download raster map tiles from the service provider . these tiles are to be placed in a particular format and an application called mobac comes for rescue . this app creates such map tiles , indexes and even compress . various map sources like openstreetmap , opencyclemap , google maps* , google terrain* , google earth satellite* , yahoo maps etc can be used . explaining how to create a map will be bit out of scope here , and i will leave it to a rare tutorial available here in german . assuming you had successfully created a tarred atlas ( collection of map tiles as said above ) , you have to place the .TAR file and its subfolder inside \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\maps folder . to load the map , press Menu button and touch Maps option and select the *.Tar file . depending on how you had layered the atlas , layers might appear in the next screen and if so , select a layer . trekbuddy might prompt you to mark this as default atlas . if acceptable click Yes and you will save all this step doing again . one map is loaded , you can ensure it by tapping any where in the screen , which will show the cross hair on your location in the map as identified by the gps . in your computer plan a route and mark turning points as waypoints . as an example , in this following image six waypoints are marked as wpt1 . . wpt6 . in computer , using a text editor , create a gpx file with following template . place the gpx file created as above in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\wpts folder . place sound files in amr format ( mp3 not tested ) in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\sounds folder . the file name of these files should be as mentioned in the gpx file . and finally , in trekbuddy app , press Menu , Navigation , Waypoints and choose the above gpx file . then choose the final waypoint , in this case wpt6 and press menu again and choose NavigateTo . when you start moving approach wpt1 , the sound assigned to wpt1 will be played . the setting Settings-&gt;Navigation-&gt;Wpt Proximity determines the proximity radius . the value is in meters and when the current gps position is within this imaginary circle , the sound will be played . i believe it has been discontinued since mobac version 1.9 onward due to legal pressure . old versions are not officially available but are still at large .
you could also give locus map free a try . this app can import gpx fine as well , and you can use the track as " route " to be navigated on . from the app 's description : voice navigation and guiding full support for online voice navigation voice and notification guiding on single waypoint ( by compass or on the map ) and along path side-effect of locus : you can also import complete kmz files ( zipped kml ) , including images and descriptions . i use that for creating my own travel guide when going on vacation , with my personal pois and stuff researched on the web . another plus : it can work completely offline . map material can be downloaded right from within the app using different sources . as for navigation , you need to calculate the route in advance ( but importing tracks does the same ; ) . from there on , no network connection is required anymore . tested this multiple times , works great .
i have found a very promising app to solve this problem . osmand . i have been looking for a wa to import a gpx of a trail system to know where i am while dirtbiking . so far i have been able to import a gpx showing a pre-recorded map of the trail . i was also able to download the entire state road/trail map easily from the app for offline use . osmand has many other features i have not explored yet .
cuesheet paired with http://ridewithgps.com works well . on the website , you can easily plan/modify a travelling route that will then be imported in cuesheet . the route can be very complicated with many twists and turns . english turn by turn instructions are created at the same time . also , you can insert your own instructions in the list if you want . after saving the route on the website , you run the cuesheet on your phone/tablet . after you sign into your ridewithgps account using the app , you will see a list of routes you have planned on the website . pick one and it will download to your android device with its turn by turn instructions . in the app you are also given the option to download the map so there is no need of internet connection to use the guiding . it is not perfect since it can give many false off course warnings , but it is by far the best combination of flexible route planning and voice guiding i have found . it costs 4 usd for the version with voice guiding .
check your cpu model . if you are running windows xp , it is likely that you have an older cpu that does not support some hardware virtualization features . for example , intel 's extended page tables ( ept ) are a feature that could account for the performance difference . anandtech has an excellent , techincal intro to the topic . basically , pre-ept page table lookups require a flush of the tlb , which is incredibly costly . later hardware accelerates this process .
first step : i would update the google sdk . the latest sdk introduced snapshots . this means you do not have to wait on the emulator to boot the next time you cold start it . instead it'll load right where you left it when you last closed the emulator . i am not sure why your home computer is performing less than your work computer if it has better hardware . my ( new ) desktop is running the newest i7 processor ( 8 cpus , however : the emulator only runs on one cpu . so your clockspeed is what matters here , not how many cores you have . does your home pc have a slower clockspeed than your work ? ) , 8 gb ram , and a ssd and the emulator runs much faster than my laptop ( last gen i7 with 4 cpus , 4gb ram , no ssd . but my desktop has nearly twice the clockspeed as my laptop ) . my guess would be the clockspeed .
there is a " message format " setting located at settings > [ account ] > sync settings > message format . the choices available are " html " and " plain text . " not sure whether that will necessarily solve your particular problem , but perhaps try giving that a shot .
you should try to use this bash script i wrote for you ( require busybox on your android ) : put the script in a file called script . bash ( change with your own path ) : now , in a terminal on your computer ( this is for linux , adapt it if you use windows ) adb push script.bash /mnt/sdcard/script.bash adb shell bash chmod +x /mnt/sdcard/script.bash /mnt/sdcard/script.bash  edit this is what the script does in-fine :
first , there is nothing like the rooting process . you partly answered your question yourself : rooting a device can be done in different ways . the two best known methods include : using an exploit ( superoneclick and co do this : you install an app , klick it , and get rooted ) via a custom recovery ( which is directly bootable and thus can access the device directly , so you can install any rom -- which in turn may already be rooted ) so answering your question : yes and no -- it all depends on how you root your device . listing up all possible exploits might get a bit lengthy , so better let 's skip that part . you might also check the questions in the " related " section of this page for more details ( especially what are the steps for rooting an android device , in general ? ) .
there is a much cleaner solution to this , which will work if you have email notifications in the status bar , and can turn internet access on from the status bar widgets . i found it in this xda-developers thread ; many thanks to aps786 for getting me out of a fix . problem already solved but just for others visiting this thread , there is a way to get rid of the issue ( which worked for me ) . when there was crash in adw launcher , statusbar still works . this is to key to get back to original theme ( as you can not access settings directly to set default theme ) opened status bar , start internet . from another device ( or desktop machine ) , send a mail to yourself with google play link for the new theme you just installed your status bar will now have new mail notification ( assume its activated ) now access your mail app and open the link from the mail now you have browser app opened with google play page you will have uninsatll option for that theme . just do it . now as new theme is uninstalled , your default theme will come in picture and everything will be normal . i hope this will help others fall in similar situation after installing new theme . i suspect you could also do this using sms , whatsapp , or any messaging application that can get to your notification bar .
try installing another launcher . then press the home key and it will ask you which launcher to use . select the " new one " . then try going in to settings -> applications -> manage applications -> adw and clear the data . you will probably also want to delete the " settings backups " that are stored on the sdcard , if you created them . then you should be able to switch back to adw . if you can not get to the market to install another launcher , you will probably have to side load i using adb . or as lie ryan suggests , use the market web interface to install another launcher .
you can use google voice with a non-smart phone , but it will be somewhat limited . if the only device you carry is the dumb phone , you will not be able to do any calling over wifi ( obviously ) . however , if you carry a wifi android device with you , you can set up google voice over wifi using a few methods , such as grooveip , or sip droid with these setup instructions . to only show your google voice number to callees when using your non-smart prepaid , follow option 1 in this answer . note that it will cost you 10-15 seconds each time you call someone , as the phone will manually dial the number after calling your own google voice number . receiving calls will not take up any extra time . if you do not care about your friends and families having 2 numbers for you , you do not need to do anything different for your prepaid . just know that if they call you on your non-gv number , you will not be able to accept it on your wifi android device ( it will not ring ) . you would need to explain that they should only ever call you on your gv number .
make sure you have a proper recovery like cwm or twrp download the rom file off xda , make sure you download a file made for only your system . wipe date and do a factory reset ( optional : make a backup of your stock rom ) flash your rom wipe date and factory reset , reboot and $$profit$$
installing a custom rom implies a number of steps : root your phone . flash a custom recovery ( 4ext or cwm ) . store on you sd card a downloaded custom rom . reboot your phone into recovery , select the desired rom and flash it . reboot and have fun . note : please backup your data before doing anything ! better safe than sorry . this article explains in detail each step . you can also find a lot of info about flashing , custom roms and all sort of things on xda developers forums .
it is not detectable , but using tethering on android with an second device leaves a lot of traces : user-agent headers within http that come from non-mobile browser increased traffic consumption connection to services that are not available on android/smartphone devices ( e . g . world of warcraft ) and many more i can not think of atm . but i have never heard of a carrier that goes for a trial , even if it is a violation of services from most carrier contracts . imho mobile carriers have other problems at the moment , like overall increased mobile data traffic because of the smartphone boom . these is currently handled by soft limits of data traffic , that when reached only allow traffic over 2g connections . or , to answer your second question , if you buy a smartphone from some carriers , the build in tethering function is locked and not usable .
while your carrier would not be able to directly detect you are using wifi hotspot , they might notice that you are using a lot of data . this is often a red flag in their systems , and might get you a phone call and/or your bandwidth throttled/capped . wifi hotspot is not available on all devices . for instance , my og droid with stock rom does not offer this due to limitations artificially imposed by verizon . while a carrier cannot disable wifi hotspot on a phone by phone basis , they most certainly can limit your bandwidth and/or cap it at a certain amount ( for instance , i get full bandwith until i hit 2gb total , at which point it slows way down ) .
i do not think they can detect . yes , wifi hotspot is a feature on all android phones , i do not believe a carrier can block it on a phone-to-phone basis ( one of the reasons why i love android ) .
maybe i am wrong on this , but i thought tethering worked by setting up nat traversal and forwarding packets from your tethered device through your mobile device . this would leave a trace in the ip packets since the nated ports need to be embedded in the communication for nat to work . since your ip packets are not encrypted the carrier should easily be able to determine if you are tethering just by observing your data stream .
i just got off the phone with t-mobile because i am being throttled and i was upset . he said i was not using tethering even though i had been so it appears that no , they can not see that you are tethering .
you will need to root first . without rooting your device , you will not have access to certain parts of the system , and flashing a rom might crash the device ( most roms need root ) . you can root without erasing or resetting anything , so you can continue with #2 and back stuff up before you flash your rom . configuration you will probably lose , but apps and app data can be backed up through titanium backup . the sd card will not be affected by rooting , resetting , or flashing roms . going back to the stock rom is more difficult , unless you are okay with still being rooted . after root , boot into recovery and choose Backup and Restore-&gt;Backup or similar ( different on different recovery versions ) to do a NANDROID backup . this will store an image of your original rom , and is a one step restore to normal . 3a . unrooting is entirely a more complex process and will involve re-installing your stock rom ( if you can find it online ) and deleting everything on your device . note : again , sd card will be okay , and apps can be restored with titanium backup .
you should flash the rom first , unless you need root in order to flash it . ( you can flash via odin without root , but you need rom manager , which needs root , or something to flash if you do not use odin ) . when you flash a rom that is rooted , your device will be rooted ; if the rom is not rooted , the device will not be rooted . you need root to make a full backup . see how to backup an android device ? if you root first , you can install a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod , via rom manager ) that will let you create a nandroid backup of the full rom . that said , with a samsung device you do not need to do this . you can use a tool called odin to reflash the original firmware as long as you have found it for download somewhere . if you need more details on anything i have mentioned , i suggest searching first -- we have lots of questions on rooting , backups , nandroid / clockwork / rom manager , and odin . see also how do i root my device ? , which has some info on considerations and things you can do before rooting .
i think that there is another element to this - but i have not determined what it is - there is one magnet in the front of the flip cover lets the device know that the cover is open or shut - but it will not work unless the case back is attached to the phone - and there are some contacts in the back cover of the flip case that connect to the phone - i cannot find any magnets in the case back , so i presume that the connections in the case back let the phone know that there is a flip cover installed . i am working on figuring the rest of this out because i would like to use a different case ( not the flip ) and have a magnet in my holster to unlock the phone when i take it out of the holster .
magnetic flip covers use hall effect sensor to switch screen on n off , for example you can cover ur screen with a magnet n the screen goes blank , so does the hall effect sensor
its simple . there are hidden magnets in the front part of the flip cover . these magnets tell the device that sview flip cover is attached . the glass window that is on the cover is conductive , through which you can operate only that much part of the screen leaving the rest of the screen non operable to avoid accidental touch . the idea behind is just like the apple smart cover . what makes the sview flip cover different is the conductive window functionality to accept or reject calls etc .
bluestacks for mac is currently in " alpha " testing , and is probably your best option at this point , although i do not believe it provides any kind of simple per-app packaging .
you could yry using jbed . jbed is a program designed to offer the possibility to use java applications ( . jar files i believe ) on devices with the android os . i have never used it so can not personally vouch for it .
generally this is not possible as although android-flavored java has the same syntax and semantics as typical java , it does not run on the same virtual machine ( google has its own vm that android phones all ship with and which has a different byte code format than conventional java vms ) nor does it use or have access to oracle 's java standard library . google reimplemented most of the important elements ( e . g . google has its own implementation of hashmap , arraylist , etc . ) and ditched a lot of other stuff ( e . g . there is no swing package in google 's library ) .
the easiest way to install the missing apps would probably to go to the play store on a pc and queue them up for install on the device . you will still have to look on the device and see which ones you need to reinstall ; there is not a way to simplify that process . looking at them the way you are , for the ones that have the " default icon " and the sd card is probably the easiest way to identify them . the " non-friendly " name that you see can be used to search in the google play store and you will be able to find the app from that . or you can append it to the end of the " details " url like this : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.biggu.shopsavvy  that will take you directly to the shop savvy app , then you can install it to the device .
have you tried the following ( taken from google authenticator site : my google authenticator codes aren’t working ( android ) this might be because the time on your google authenticator app is not synced correctly . to make sure that you have the correct time : go to the main menu on the google authenticator app click settings click time correction for codes click sync now on the next screen , the app will confirm that the time has been synced , and you should now be able to use your verification codes to sign in . the sync will only affect the internal time of your google authenticator app , and will not change your device’s date and time settings .
yes , you can check the SHA1 or MD5 checksum . you did not specify which rom you are downloading . let 's have a look at the nexus stock roms : https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#mantaray there is a download link and a version number and checksums listed like that : version : 4.2.2 ( jdq39 ) link : https://dl.google.com/dl/android/aosp/mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz md5: b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040 sha1: d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd to verify a checksum you can do it via command line : $ md5sum mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040  or : $ openssl sha1 mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz SHA1(mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz)= d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd  if it matches with the one stated at the google page , you can assume the file is not corrupted or modified . note : linux , macos , windows the terminal commands only work out of the box in macos or linux . to verify checksums in windows there is a tool by microsoft called checksum integrity verifier .
please take a look at this question and my answer to have basic understanding on how the manufacturers use the terminologies . these differences are hardware based and nothing to do with android . hence , if you had properly chosen your hardware : yes , you can receive incoming calls in both sims without manual switching - even simultaneously ! yes , the other call will be treated as if you are receiving a call when you are on another on a single sim phone . depending on your settings and operator restrictions , you may have enabled call waiting and hence it will be displayed on your mobile screen . you can then hold one and switch to another . this was tried in samsung galaxy y duos phone . i am not sure about your other question about video call . update : in samsung galaxy y duos ( a dual sim phone ) though both sims were active to receive calls and access internet simultaneously , only one of them was allowed to use 3g network . if i opt for 3g network in sim1 and opt for 3g on sim2 , a message says i can not use 3g on both and changes sim1 's network to 2g and retains sim2 's network to 3g as per my input .
the tablet with the cpu you mentioned ( asus memo pad me172v ) is a single-core device . more info on the cpu can be found here . wondermedia technologies , a subsidiary of via technologies , has unveiled the prizm wm8950 , a single core cortex a9 processor running up to 800 mhz with a mali-400 gpu .
the -12 failure code indicates INSTALL_FAILED_OLDER_SDK , meaning that the app was built for - and requires - a version of android that is newer than the version you have on your device ( source ) . for example , you should get this error if you had an android 1.6 device and tried to install an app which required android 2.1 ( or higher ) . you would need to either : update your device to a newer version of android somehow , or ask the app developer if it is possible to build the app for an older version of android .
i realized that i am going on and on in comments for no real reason but perhaps this is better suited for an answer . the only honeycomb build i am aware of for the tab is this one on xda ( there are two versions , gsm and cdma ) . it is , for all intents and purposes , a bleeding-edge attempt to get honeycomb running on the tab . the developer refers to it as an " alpha " and essentially says to expect things to be buggy . since there is no public source code for the 3 . x releases of android yet , the build is based on an extracted image/filesystem from the android sdk , meaning that it is not optimized for the tab and probably lacks 3rd party drivers ( excepting any official 2.2 drivers that happen to be compatible with 3 . x ) . the gsm thread lists the following as " not working " under the current build , meaning this is the minimum you should expect to lose : in general , builds like this show up on devices when a new major release appears in the sdk but they tend to be fairly unstable and also fairly slow . the videos i have seen of this rom appear a bit more performant ( in general ) than other sdk ports i have encountered , but your experience may vary . as for restoring , the " factory reset " option does not usually touch system files on most devices , from what i know . it is possible i am mistaken on this and that the tab does actually restore the firmware , but i am not incredibly familiar with the tab . you will probably want to do a little digging to see what a " factory reset " actually means ( might be in your manual , perhaps ) . that being said , there are instructions for getting a verizon tab back to stock here , and there might be similar ones floating around for other carriers . if you can get a custom recovery on to your device then you can simply back up your system before trying honeycomb and then restore from the backup . the easiest way to do it is probably just to install rom manager and flash clockworkmod recovery from there . there appear to be manual instructions about but they vary by carrier . personally speaking : i would not use an sdk port for anything other than showing off to people ( which can admittedly be a whole lot of fun ) . in a production environment i definitely would not risk it , and i honestly never kept them installed for more than about 30 or 45 minutes at a time to play with before restoring to a stable rom . they were fun sneak-peaks , but i have always found them highly unreliable ( though " your mileage may vary " is probably a good catch phrase here ) . edit : a word of caution to wifi tab users , this post on one of the honeycomb threads indicates that the current roms ( as of 6/19/2011 ) will not work on a wifi tab . i personally can not verify the validity of this statement , but this would not surprise me as other devices ( e . g . the xoom ) have similar incompatibility among roms .
this is a sign that you overuse your battery , frequently leaving your apps on . . . . your battery is damaged and might need to be replaced . . . but till you can do that . . . you can always : 1 . avoid charging overnight 2 . use the correct charger 3 . if you are not using your data or wifi turn it off , to preserve battery life
there are a number of apps in the market that allow access to apps only after inputting a password . for your second problem , i hope there is some way of preventing a user from putting a sim of choice ( either by encasing the device in a lockable case or something ) and then configuring your wifi router to only allow access to the site in question and block all other requests .
read an article at this location http://www.anandtech.com/show/4502/tmobile-g2x-review-gingerbread-infused/9 seems to be a software problem . imho root and flash cyanogen or install the rom after reading in xda
for random shut downs , that is definitely a loose battery problem . stick some dental floss ( i used oral-b glide floss ) in the side opposite the battery connectors . i used that floss because it is a bit spongy when you bunch it up but at the same time hard . used about 1.5 feet of it bundled up in my nexus s phone . when you push the battery in , make sure it is tight , but not too tight . this will force the battery to remain contacted at the pins . when the battery is loose and can disconnect from the pins ( for even a fraction of a second ) , you get an open circuit and the phone shuts off completely ( no power ) .
take the battery out , put it back again and boot in recovery mode . to do that , press the volume down key and power button simultaneously until recovery boots . then there should be an option to reboot . select this option . your phone should turn on . if not take it to a service center or wipe data/factory reset from the recovery menu .
generally for video out , you can connect them to your tv to get an even larger screen , for example , to watch videos . or you might be able to use it for doing presentations on a projector , instead of using a laptop .
stock keyboard ( as well as most 3rd-party keyboard apps ) has both auto-correct and auto-completion ( a . k.a. " suggestions" ) built in . access the keyboard settings via settings -> language and input -> android keyboard . from there you can enable and fine-tune the auto correction and suggestion options .
this probably depends on the device , as devices with custom uis ( touchwiz , sense , motoblur ) will have different email applications . on cyanogenmod ( and i believe vanilla android ) you simply tick the checkmark next to the message or messages you want and the button slides in from the bottom .
the broadcast channel is surely using radio data system ( rds ) , also called radio broadcast data system ( rbds ) in the united states . it is now common practice ( at least in my country ) to transmit informations like channel 's name , programme 's name or song 's name with this system . your app simply receives and parses these data to display it , like a compatible radio set or car 's radio would do .
one imagines they have built in something like shazam ; an app which fingerprints audio then looks it up in a database ( http://news.cnet.com/8301-1023_3-57617885-93/more-countries-can-shazam-songs-and-listen-on-rdio ) . i doubt the broadcaster has anything to do with it .
you do not have to go via your browser ( chrome , or some other browser in this case ) to reset your default app settings though , you can do this from settings > apps . click the " settings " dots in the top right hand corner and then choose " reset app preferences " . your phone will now reset all app preferences and start asking you again what browser to use .
i had the same problem . and then i realized that i would set up tasker to turn the hotspot off if it detected my favorite wifi network nearby . i have since removed that tasker option , and the hotspot has stayed on . i did not simply forget about the tasker setting . rather , even when i was nowhere near my favorite wifi networks , the hotspot would turn off . tasker needs to briefly turn on the phone 's wifi every so often , in order to see if it is near my favorite wifi network , and in so doing , it must also turn off the hotspot ; my guess is that , somehow , it was unable to turn the hotspot back on after it shut wifi down .
just a note for others out there , the setting is not very easy to find ( at least on my samsung galaxy s3 mini android 4.1.1 ) . go to wireless and network -> more settings . . . -> tethering and portable hotspot -> portable wifi hotspot . once there , you will have to press the menu button ( bottom left of your phone ) and up pops timeout settings ! one can only guess why they decided to hide that setting in such a hard-to-find place . . . .
you most likely have a hotspot timeout setting enabled . you can disable it by going to your advanced hotspot settings , and editing the timeout value to never . note that in some versions of android in order to access the advanced hotspot settings you need to first access the wifi hotspot settings and then press the phone 's menu button .
not that i am aware of , however you could try double twist for similar functionality .
the easiest way to do this is use google music , and specifically the google music manager . go to music . google . com and download the music manager . it will run in the background on your computer and upload everything in itunes , including new downloads/purchases , to google music . finally just download the google music app to your android and you are all set . a few caveats : this seems to be a one-way sync . so deleting a file from itunes will not delete from google music , or vice versa the google music app on android is a little different from itunes/iphone model . the music is not automatically downloaded to the phone unless you explicitly set it up that way . by default you have to stream the music , which requires an internet connection . apple drmed content cannot be uploaded to google music and therefore will not be transfered using this method .
there is also missing sync for android to sync your itunes playlists ( and associated files ) to your phone . it works pretty well .
yes , you can actually use doubletwist in combination with tunesync ( or tunesync alone ) to sync with itunes although you are limited to songs that are not drm'd by apple . you can also do it without any app on your phone with notpod ( windows only ) . the only drawbacks that i am aware with either of these are not being able to use drm and people have reported some unreliability . the problem in general with syncing android with itunes is that it may work today but if apple changes something in an update you may get locked out until someone comes up with another work around . if you are all android now , i would recommend on cutting itunes out of the picture all together . edit : here 's a couple other options i have come across that are pretty awesome : dazzboard isyncr wifi add-on . you need an app and a desktop client . the app costs a little but the desktop software is free . this one seems like the coolest option so far . edit 2: i happened upon another app . . . music withme : syncs your phone itunes over wifi or 3g . it does not stream the music , it download it to your phone . also , i do not think it can handle drm'd tracks . it is little pricey at $15 , especially with the currently less than stellar reviews , but it may be one to watch .
i am gonna answer my own question here . apparently , something i did enabled the built in wifi tethering . . . before , it would fail when it attempted to validate it with t-mobile , but now it goes through that part just fine . . when it makes the hotspots , it is named foxfisomething-or-another so foxtrot might have something to do with it , but i think it was one of the flashable zips . . when i figure it out for certain , i will update this answer .
i have found the solution right now ! my problem was , that i have a ft3 tablet , which 's wi-fi hates the 6th channel . it works on each other , except the 6th . i have also an alcatel ( telenor ) ot-990 phone , with android 2.2 os , which broadcasts it is network on 6th ch . when i use it as a portable wi-fi hotspot . but , finally i found an aplication called : barnacle wifi tether . if you want to change the channel : download the aplication : play store or here run the application go to : settings and you can change the channel number if you touch the start button , the app asks for root su permissions . if you are not a root su , do not worry , the phone keeps the changed channel number . . .
i am reasonably sure that you cannot change the wifi hotspot channel without firmware modification in standard android gingerbread . i have an nexus one ( android version 2.3.6 ) and i have not found any advanced menu accessible from the menu button and i have tried hitting the menu button to no avail in every wifi tethering page . i have only been able to change ssid , key and security mode .
if you are referring to the one built into froyo ( and i assume gingerbread ) , when you are creating your hostspot hit the menu button and you will see advanced options . in there you can select the channel .
when you switch sim cards , the phone does a factory reset . it thinks you sold the phone to someone else , or something . if you did not back up the contacts that were on the phone storage , they are lost .
if like most people you use a google account on your android phone , import your contacts to your google account , then they will be on any future android phone as soon as you sign in .
i found a pre-installed app on the htc wildfire transfer data that transferred all contacts and sms from the old sonyericsson phone , it was exactly what i needed .
you can copy all your sim contacts to htc wildfire s . import them as phone contacts , google contacts , or exchange activesync contacts , if you have set up the relevant accounts . from the home screen , tap > people . on the all tab , press , and then tap import/export > import from sim card . if you have google or exchange activesync accounts set up on htc wildfire s , tap the type for the imported contacts . do one of the following : tap one or more sim contacts you want to import . to import all contacts , press , and then tap select all . tap save .
two questions : are you sure the sim contacts were really imported or only displayed . is the option to show phone contacts checked after you changed the sim . if you go to contacts , press menu -> import/export -> import from sim card . the sim contacts should be imported into the phone and remain there . it is then just a matter of getting phone contacts displayed .
follow these steps : open contacts . you can reach this from the contacts shortcut in your app drawer or home screen , or via the contacts tab in your phone dialer . press the menu button . select import/export . select export from sim . click select all , or manually tick each contact you wish to copy to the phone . you may be asked where to copy the contacts to ; select the appropriate option . it takes no more than a second or two to copy over a few hundred contacts , so you will be done in less than the time it takes to send yourself just one via sms .
as mentioned on it is wikipedia page , android 's core is developed in c and c++ , and java is used for the ui . you can see this for yourself if you browse the android source code . for example , omapzoom . org provides the source for browsing without the need to downloads gigabytes of data .
as you told in question itself , android is linux based . so obviously the core is developed using c . on top of this , java is used for ui ( ie : android ) .
try going to Settings > Applications Manager > All > Google Play Store and then click Uninstall updates . it could be that the play store data has been corrupted . this will downgrade play store and might make it possible for you to launch play store which will then update itself in the background , but hopefully correctly this time .
f-droid is a good alternative to google play . if you are a developer , or just want to see the source , all its applications have open source repositories . if the applications you need are included in it , it will alert you when there are updates in its repository .
unfortunately there is no way to make text left-aligned with ankidroid . see the issue in our bug tracker , feel free to " star " it to receive notifications about its progress .
gmail will ask you to login again if it detects change of sim card . gmail does not store your credentials in internal memory unencrypted . phone has to be rooted to read from internal memory . your phone can not be unlocked without the correct graphical pin combination .
there is the logcat which is almost always the first thing you should look at when you are experiencing any issues . then you need to distinguish between the app locking up , which will may cause an " application not responding " dialog at worst , and framework lock up , which usually will cause a hard reboot at worst . in the case of framework lock up , logcat may not necessarily be able to reliably capture all log information but usually you may still be able to catch the cause of the lock up by looking at what is happening a few minutes prior to the lock up . for small janks , there are debugging tools that can help , but they require you to install the large-ish sdk , and most only work when the applications are set to allow debugging .
problem with most log files is : they do not survive a boot , as they are stored on tmpfs ( a temporary file system in ram ) . so once you have to boot , they are gone . leaving your best chances to some app capturing the log and saving the capture to sdcard . as far as i know , alogcat is capable of that . an alternative is to send the log to another machine ( such as a pc ) via wifi , which can be done using logcat udp . the so-captured log might not directly mention the cause ( as the freeze probably keeps the final bytes from being sent/written ) , but at least it should yield some useful information of what was going on at the time of the freeze . some other sources you might want to check : where are log files located on android ? how can i view and examine the android log ? plus check the " related " section to the right of this page : )
you can backup to your sd card , then use a card reader , the take out the sd card and physically copy the data to your computer . backing up to the cloud via drobox is another option . there are number of apps that will help you with this . this describes a way to manage this : http://www.addictivetips.com/android/clickfree-for-android-backup-all-data-to-sd-card-or-dropbox-cloud/
full backup if your device is equipped with android 4.0 , and you have got the sdk installed on your computer , you might want to take a look at full backup of non-rooted devices ( for how to do a full backup using adb ) , plus adbwireless , wifi adb , adb wifi , and similar apps ( which allow you to connect your device to your computer via adb without the need of an usb cable ) . i did not check all of them , at least some of these apps require root . but you did not give enough information to figure out whether that is an issue . partial backup if you do not care about a full backup , there are several other apps available on the playstore featuring , amongst others , some kind of backup , and connect via wifi . most of them only backup your .apk files -- but some also offer several sets of data . on of those is airdroid ( offers e.g. to backup your apps ) , then there is webkey ( which requires root , but then e.g. offers to backup your contacts and call logs ) . there are a lot more options available , and i cannot list them all . other means then there is always the possibility to have some server app running on your android device , and trigger actions directly on the device . if your computer runs linux , you might be a bit familiar with ssh : search the playstore for sshd , and you find a bunch of server apps . running one of those on your device , you can connect remotely via ssh , and directly execute commands from the command line ( of course you need to find out which ones are suitable to you -- which very much depends on what you want to back up ) . again , root on the device will prove very useful here . setting up some other file server ( e . g . ftp -- search the playstore for ftpd to get a list of possible apps ) , you can access the backup files for transfer to your computer . last word you asked for any ideas -- so there are some . no complete explanation , as that would get a bit long to do for all listed possibilities . but if you decided for one of them , and need more details : simply ask a more specific question then ; ) p.s. : if that all sounds to complicated " for a while " , simply go to the next store and buy some usb cable , they are usually not that expensive . this also is an idea to consider ; )
i do not know specific to your device . but normally in android it is like this : settings > > language and input > > language
there is an application called infinite design available in both free and paid versions . it will allow you to export to svg for editing in your favorite graphics editor . it is been tested and works in adobe illustrator and inkscape ( paid version only ) . free version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brakefield.idfree paid version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brakefield.id another application is called simplector , again available in both free and paid ( pro ) versions : free version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=plasma.vector.editor.app pro version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=plasma.vector.editor.app.pro i cannot comment on the functionality and image quality compared to similar ipad applications .
it was beacause i power it up via usb . it sets it is own clock speed to 300mhz . when i power it up via 5vdc power supply , it runs on 1ghz .
i have a setting on my phone . settings - audio profiles - individual profile setting - custom ringtone . here i can add any mp3 to the list of phone recognised ringtones . if you have such , then you are golden .
after trying to recall my lock pattern a few more times , i noticed i had previously overlooked the " forgot password " text that was an inch or two below the lock pattern . the text blended in with my tablet 's background and was barely visible . chalk this one up to a clear case of operator failure .
you can try move the file from card reader , bluetooth , or download from email . i use ast android sms transfer , this software have the same functions , and i feel it is easy to use . ast android sms transfer website : http://www.android-sms-transfer.com
i have not tested it out , but try the wifi file explorer by dooblou . here 's the link : http://www.pcworld.com/appguide/app.html?id=648691expand=false sounds like it should do the job you are looking for .
your phone only gets authenticated and can see signal strength but do not recieve data . that is a common problem even in newer phones . because every phone is other , there are more possible solutions : solution 1: on your phone under settings> > wifi > > hold the name of your network > > now click on forgot network . now reboot the phone and modem/router and try to connect the wi-fi again . solution 2: pull out the phone battery while it is working and re-install after 30 second . phone will reboot again now try to connect to network and check internet connectivity . solution 3: you can browse to settings> > wifi > > then press left menu key and click on advanced . now check that wi-fi timer is not off . if wi-fi timer is on then turn it off . now disable wi-fi and again enable it . now check the connectivity on android . solution 4 ( important ) : update your phone , modem and wi-fi router time and date to match the internet provider time and date . this is very important because 2 out of 10 cases are because of this issue . solution-5 check the internet connectivity after disabling the antivirus and mobile data .
you can try handbrake - a multiplatform open-source video transcoder . it has quite user-friendly graphical interface , and supports different device profiles ( you can roll your own as well ) . as to what settings to use on your xoom : here someone managed to find the correct settings to make their xoom play the transcoded video . some extra googling would probably give you additional information how to set the device profile in handbrake -- seems a lot of people are trying to transcode video on this tablet .
unfortunately since you got it with mk2 you can not just install cwm or twrp . you can make a stock nandroid recovery backup . if you want to be able to flash roms in the future though , your going to need to look into the thread on xda for your phone named safestrap . i know they were working on getting it working on 4.3 but i am not certain . it was originally made for anyone who took the mf3 firmware ota update which locked down the firmware and patched the loki exploit . i am still using the old mdl bootloader so i have not checked the status of safestrap recently .
i do not know if you can get an odin-flashable one , but you can do it with clockworkmod recovery and then restore it with it . you will have to install cwm recovery first if you do not have it already and then just make a backup which can be downloaded on the pc .
i do not know the specifics about n10 , but i found out an issue with my n7 . when i bought it i got usb otg/host working , but now when i tried with 4.2 it does not work anymore ! i found out that it was configured incorrectly . if you check /etc/permissions/tablet_core_hardware.xml you should see line android.hardware.usb.host in there , but after 4.2 upgrade it was not there anymore . so for me it looks like the only way to get it working is to root the device . :- ( i wonder why it has been taken out .
tasker should do the first things you asked about , but i doubt you will find anything that can recognize " tap the screen 3 times while phone 's screen is locked " or " shake the phone 3 times while it is locked " , short of writing a custom app . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskermhl=en tasker is a great app in general that you really should check out since it sounds like you want to do a lot of automation type stuff .
no , unfortunately you can not have your cake and eat it too . at least not by just using the native dialer . android will only choose a ringtone based on caller id . there is the option of setting up sip droid or grooveip for the sole purpose of ringing for an incoming call . you could continue to forward gv to your cell as well as the second number picked up by those apps , and you would simply know they are calling your gv number because that app is ringing . a bit hacky , as you have two apps ringing ( native dialer and the second app you chose ) , but it is an option . i think they can be set up to reject a call after a few seconds , so you would note that they rang for a couple seconds , then pick up the native dialer knowing it is coming via gv . if you have a good enough connection , you could disable forwarding gv to your cell and instead only forward to your chat client ( which is used by grooveip or sip droid ) . then you would set that program to make a different ringtone , and you would have the person 's correct caller id . but it means your call goes over data , which can be less reliable .
this appears to be a bug in the gmail app . i have seen this myself a few times and normally clicking the '&lt ; ' arrow in the top left and opening the email again sorts it . other times i have to kill the app and re-launch it .
unfortunately , there is ( currently ) no way to do so on a non-rooted device , at least not to my knowledge . the play store app always downloads to /data/local as far as i know . so if your device is rooted , you could create a directory wherever you like , and symlink it here . this could be done either from a terminal app , via a file explorer supporting the creation of symlinks ( and root ) , or via adb shell . for the terminal/adb-shell variant it could look like that , assuming your sdcard being mounted at /sdcard: $ su # mkdir /sdcard/playstore-temp # cp -r /data/local/* /sdcard/playstore-temp # rm -rf /data/local # ln -s /sdcard/playstore-temp /data/local  explaining the commands : get root access create the new " temporary storage directory " copy all current content ( recursively ) to the new location remove the old location create a symlink from the new location to " fake " the original i did not try this , but it should work . like with link2sd ( which uses the same principle for installing apps on sdcards ) , for the playstore app this should be " transparent " , i.e. it should be fooled into thinking it still works the same way as before : )
with regards to the screenshot above try at the bottom of the list of apps under battery , if not try under settings > display and might be there somewhere
go to settings> > > battery> > > scroll down and uncheck the " display battery percentage " option .
battery percentage is used by users to charge the device based on the percentage ( if the charge &lt ; 25 % then charge the device till 100% and if not less then 25 % then do not charge in order to extend your battery life ) the below steps are common for all the android devices with version greater then android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) to the present android 4.4 ( kitkat ) only with some minor modifications . you can simply uncheck the show battery percentage in the settings . go to the settings> battery . in that you can see that the show battery percentage is checked . you can simply uncheck that and the battery percentage will not be displayed . if at all the check box is not under the battery menu then you might be having it under the display menu . last but not the least please check if your device is available for the update to android 4.4.4 if yes then go ahead with the update .
live wallpapers are not available for the wildfire .
live walls are available for wildfire if you install custom rom . for example i use wildpuzzlerom . but there are lags while you use some walls . processro is too slow . you can install custom kernel and increase frequency up to 768mhz .
you need to install the software the page links to in the top right : nova launcher and ultimate custom widget . the files in the zip include a wallpaper ( which you set through the launcher 's settings ) , a theme for nova launcher , and settings to use with the widget . once you have installed the right software and played with its settings , it should become obvious how you need to use the files .
red when plugged in - charging green when plugged in - charging complete . red when not plugged in - low battery warning blue - audio is recording or you have a notification waiting .
install android without updating grub , then boot into your linux system and put entries in /etc/grub.d/40_custom as follows menuentry "android"{ set root = hdx,y here in **hdx , y ( as per your android system ) install location and android-version as you are using , then make that file exexcutable . chmod +x 40_custom then do grub2-mkconfig -o /boot/grub/grub.cfg reboot , and while rebooting press shift to see menu entry " andriod " .
there is a mount command builtin : mount [-r] [-w] [-o options] [-t type] device directory  as i have yet looked into /mnt , i can see only entries owned by root , system or sdcard_rw . i guess you need privileged rights to perform mounting ! if you have them you could just try mounting if you know the device name . as you questioned partition tools ( in order to get the device name ) i can not help you here , but you could just execute mount ( with no arguments ) and maybe your hard disk already shows up and/or you could conclude the partition you want to mount .
the android 's linux kernel would not have the sata/ide hard drives drivers installed into the kernel , all it can see is flash cards mmc , understands ext3fs and ext4fs , vfat filesystems so the answer to the question is no you cannot see other partitions outside of the domain of android itself ! what you can do though is this , build a new linux kernel with the appropriate drivers installed in place , then the mounts would work : )
fdisk &lt;device&gt; will show you all the partitions available on a certain drive . if you have installed android on the same drive as your linux mint , you already know that the drive works with android , so just try something like fdisk /dev/block/sda in your case ( no partition number , just the device sda ) . from there you should be able to figure out what partition ( sda# ) contains linux mint and mount it from there with mount . as always , use man or google for explanations and examples for all the commands : )
you need to press the vol down and power buttons together , and hold them for a second or so . some users report that it works better if you press both buttons simultaneously , as opposed to one after the other in sequence .
networking according to the device specifications for the asus eee pad transformer prime : connectivity 802.11 b / g / n , bluetooth 2.1 + edr by a scan performed using inssider 2.1 i am from portugal - coimbra , and my 802.11 b/g/n is set to channel 6 to 10 . other networks around my location are spread from 1 to 14 . according to the 802.11 b/g/n specifications , channels go from 1 to 14 . portugal has them all . see this wikipedia - list of wlan channels ( scroll a bit down to see the comparison table ) . all flags are green to use that device in portugal . power as you have mentioned at the comments , us uses 110v , europe uses 220v . this is easily overcome by the usage of a transformer : amazom :: goldsource® stu-100 step up/down voltage transformer converter - ac 110/220 v - 100 watt the wall plug can be used in the us or europe . the output is either 110v or 220v , depending of what you need .
the tablets in asus transformer line ( including tf 101 , prime tf 201 , and pad 300 ) do not have a cellular modem , so they will only work on wifi . wifi is a universal standard and will work just fine in any country , provided that your router supports the 802.11 b/g/n specification .
error code 961 appears when there is a misconfiguration of system files on the google play store . it is happening when downloading , updating and upgrading mobile applications for android operating system . to fix this issue , follow these steps . go to settings apps all and clear the cache clear data for google play store go to settings accounts and sync remove all the synced accounts open google play and register your id again if this won`t work , you could do reset for google play store . here how it do . go to setting click application or apps click manage application you will see downloaded , running , all , on sd card . select all choose google service frame choose force stop , clear data . restart . this will reset the google play store and you can start downloading apps as normal again .
does it say " you have no subscriptions with unread items . " ? if not , then you may need to synchronise with your google account , or add some feeds manually . if you have synchronised with your google account , and/or have added feeds , you should be able to press Menu &gt; Show all this should display all of your subscriptions , whether they have new items or not . to go back to updated only : Menu &gt; Show updated
on the main screen of the app press the Menu button and select Show all . you should see a list of all your subscriptions below the SUBSCRIPTIONS heading , with unread items showing in bold and the unread count to the right . it should look similar to this : if you do not see anything listed there , you might want to double check the account you are using with the app by pressing the Menu button , and going to the Accounts option . there you can select your google account , and check if syncing is enabled for google reader .
as the screenshot clearly shows , the app to take screenshots and the app to indicate the battery level never got closed . yes your are absolutely correct , even it display no of application are closed it actually free resources used by application . as per my understanding it closes some running services which are nothing but ui less applications . some applications which are installed in device uses this service for many reasons such as alarm clock , or to check periodic update of an applications etc . there are some service though that even you close them manually they just get restarted .
long press the notification and select " app info " . this will take you to the application which is responsible for the download , which you can then force stop .
apologies for resurrecting an old thread but i just had the same problem of needing to stop a download and solved the problem by activating aeroplane mode . a less invasive solution and more easily reached in the ui - for anyone else ending up here from google ( like i did :- ) )
usually if you long press on the downloading item in download manager there is an option to delete it , thus stopping the download . if this does not work you can clear the download manager 's data . Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All Tab -&gt; Download Manager  here press force stop , than clear data . now reboot .
the " disable " buttons will essentially " freeze " a system application . system applications are the applications that come pre-installed on your phone - unremovable apps such as the browser , the gallery , the people app , and so on . disabling one of these apps will stop the app from doing anything . it'll be removed from the app menu , other apps will no longer be able to open it , it will stop running in the background if it does , etc . it is like uninstalling a normal app , but you have the option to re-enable the app and bring it back at any point in time .
note : attempting fastboot flash on ur device may cost you your data . so be careful i figured out that i had an outdated android sdk . i downloaded the latest one , and did : fastboot flash boot fastboot flash recovery fastboot flash userdata and in a couple of minutes i had the stock rom up and running .
you might want to give default app manager a try : default app manager is a simple yet very functional app to manage ( set defaults , clear/reset defaults ) default applications for different types of actions that android does . unlike other applications that allow you to manage defaults for only one-two types of categories , this app allows to you to manage for almost all the common actions .
install the htc drivers for your phone . you can usually find them on your phone providers website , for example galaxy s3 from verizon can be found here
it appears that you have already tested the surest way . attempt to download the app and it will specify it is compatibility . you still might not be absolutely sure until you actually try to run the application . as mentioned in the comment , you can ask the developer or communicate with others who have used the app ( via feedback on google play or the author 's provided web site ) . the only way the author can be totally sure is by testing it on every android , or getting feedback from his users . there are many occasions where based on feedback the author has to go back to the drawing board to working glitches to support some devices originally thought to be compatible . i have a number of androids . i just clicked on the install option and find that it is compatible with my samsung galaxy s3 , my very old phone ( the samsung galaxy prevail ) . however it is not compatible with my samsung galaxy tab7 or my acer-7 tablet . by the way , good question . it really appears there should be something specific since play google is using some criteria to display compatibility .
the best method is the manual diy method :d step 1: drain your battery by using it normally until it turns off by itself step 2: power-on your phone , if it wakes up and you see some power left , do step 1 step 3: if phone is now drained to the point it can not wake up , charge it to 100% step 4: once fully charged , power-on phone , and charge it again . leave it until completely charged step 5: unplug , use , and enjoy . this makes the phone remember the minimum and maximum voltage , discharge rate and other factors that constitute the battery capacity warning : do not do this frequently ! it will put strain on li-ion batteries that majority of phones use now . do this if and only if you are noticing shutdowns on yellow battery bar , cannot charge 100% , and erratic battery capacity display . but still i do this once a month to keep my battery calibrated .
well , you can try to return your google play version to its " factory " version by going to Settings -&gt; Manage apps -&gt; Google play(store) and then uninstall updates . usually the factory version of play store does not have the update service .
i am no expert here , but i too had the same problem with my samsung galaxy pro , it has little internal memory , and the google settings app keeps coming back . at first it was just 3 mb and now it is more than 17 mb . it says that it is used to update google apps and apps from google play . this component gives you access to google settings and helps apps speed up offline searches , provide more immersive maps , and improve performance . apps may not work if you uninstall google play services . you probably need this component . frankly , i uninstalled it everytime my phone memory is low , and now its gone , and i have not seen any side effects , maybe because i do not use any app that needs it , i do not know , and i use google maps , gmail , and app store .
it is a system service , not a standalone application . it is " google play services " . can not uninstall system services without root privileges . if you do so with root privileges it may cause problems with google play . settings > apps > all > click on google play services and uninstall updates will work , but it will uninstall only updates . it will update automatically again by google .
htc incredible 2 ( android 2.3.3 ) : settings -> connect to pc -> default connection type . where you can choose from charge only htc sync disk drive mobile broadband connect media sync internet pass-through settings -> connect to pc also has an option ask me ask me about usb connection type whenever i connect my phone to a pc when connected to a pc there is also a message in the notification area , that provides quick access to the Connection type settings .
check Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; USB Settings or Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; USB Settings , rather than the network settings . i would also try a different usb cable , just to make sure , as well as a different usb port and a different computer if you can . you can try wiggling the connector in the device as well and see if it makes proper contact intermittently . as al notes here this sort of problem seems to come up pretty often with sasmsung phones , so you might just be out of luck . if all else fails , though , i would try a factory reset .
you should check your usb connection mode . this can be found in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings . this should be set to Mass storage to access the memory card . alternatively , you can use the debugging mode by selecting Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . after this plug your phone in to the usb , open the notification bar and tap the usb debugging notification to get to mount your drives .
think i found the answer , there is no ramdisk in the blob from the 3.1 patch . . not sure if that is needed or not . . or if we are supposed to patch on top of the 2.6.24.4 kernel , basically i unblobbed it and found just a zimage , the 2.6.24.4 blob has both zimage and a ramfs . .
with google now/voice actions i do not think there is any way to do this . some actions will happen automatically after a short delay ( "note to self . . . " is one i know offhand ; there may be others ) , but text messaging requires you to actually press the " send " button on the card that pops up . however , you could try a third-party app for these specific functions that you had like to be completely hands-free . dragon works a bit more closely to siri , acting in a conversational manner , and will prompt you for a " yes/no " to send a message in a very similar fashion . skyvi is another option you could try , which will send text messages automatically after a 5 second delay ( during which time you can press a " cancel " button to stop the sending ) .
usual solution is to remove and re-add the account , on your mobile outlook.com. generally that works . ( obviously you will lose any mails and unsent outgoing mails ( manually save unsent outgoing mails first with some file-manager app , if you need them ) ) . be warned : outlook.com's android sync is very brittle , and their support is nearly non-existent . beware of taking over-the-wire android updates .
you can use widgetlocker as @onik said , but if you search for " lock screen " at the android market you will have a lot of alternatives , like for example wp7lock
try widgetlocker , it is very customizable and my favorite .
first you need to enable the option to install application through unknown sources , you can achieve this in Settings &gt;&gt; Applications &gt;&gt; Unknown Sources  then you can use adb to install applications from your pc or use astro file manger to install applications in your sd card .
depending on your firmware version , you might be able to abuse the ability turn-on engineering mode . taken from streaksmart : dial *#*#307#*#* on your streak . other than a quick flash on the screen , it will look like nothing has happened . go to your app drawer/program menu and tap a new icon labeled emlist . if the icon is not there , turn off the streak . it should be there when you turn it on again . scroll to the bottom and tap app_security . tap update unknown resource property to enable it . this will be the only way without installing a custom rom ( google streakdroid )
you can have app-specific notification settings . have you gone into the settings of the offending apps to see whether they are set to vibrate on notifications ?
install an app called audiomanager . it has separate vibrate checkboxes for alerts and ringer . setting the checkbox for alerts fixed the issue for me .
i found this application in play store but i am not sure if it works or not . just give it a try its safe to use . here - defaultapp reset
try resetting the default wall paper setting by following these steps ( described for samsung 's 4.0 ; see also this question ) : Menu | Settings | Applications | All | TwWallpaperChooser | Clear defaults if you also want to reset the settings of your wallpaper application follow these steps : Menu | Settings | Applications | (said application) | Clear data
go to settings--> apps--> gallery ( or any other wallpaper browser app that you have used to set the wallpaper ) --> Clear Data and Clear Cache .
this is usually caused by a wrong/corrupted/replaced /efs/nv_data.bin . if you have a backup of /efs it is likely , that some rom installer created one for you . if you have a backup of the /efs folder on your sd-card then it is safe to simply copy the files from the backup to /efs: this should restore your imei back to the factory value . if you do not have a backup of /efs then you have to go with zuul 's answer .
fyi the cyanogenmod 10 is the first update with the code to detect an invalid imei . you could already have an invalid imei and do not know about it . the issue with an invalid imei is that you may have emergency calling problems ( inability to do emergency calls ) . confirm imei does the imei reported match the number under your battery ? dial *#06# and the imei will be presented on your screen . possible solution from this code . google . com thread , the user at comment 5 managed to solve the issue : steps i took to solve the problem : flash my phone by odin to version 2.2.1 update to cm9 using recovery with stabile version od cm9 http://download.cyanogenmod.com/get/jenkins/5805/cm-9.0.0-galaxysmtd.zip update to cm10 using last version of kernel . i used cm-10-20120822-nightly-galaxysmtd . between steps i did wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition . now my imei is correct . after cleaning the phone and updates do cm10 i recommend installing gapps-jb-20120726-signed , because your phone will be clean as a baby after birth .
just flash your device with official firmware . it may be a problem with the cyanogenmod 10 nightly builds , not your device .
the problem is that wiping data requires to overwrite it . on todays devices with lots of in-device flash memory and large sd-cards this can take a while - up to several hours . this leaves a lot for the attacker to interrupt this process and try again . therefore wiping triggered by false login attempts is only reasonable if your data is encrypted . then you wipe the device by simply erase the key from memory that is required to read/write your data . since android honeycomb ( 3.0 ) you have the possibility to encrypt all your data and to erase the device if the wrong password/pin has been entered several times . therefore what you want to achieve is only possible with android tablets at the moment . for smartphones you have to wait for android ( 4.0 ) ice cream sandwich .
apparently , this might not be a built-in security option in the os itself , but exchange activesync can enforce this requirement .
if you need a fresh phone , reboot in recovery mode and select wipe data . it will format your /cache and /data partitions . then no data will be there other than your sd card .
you can try 1tap cleaner : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.a0soft.gphone.acc.freehl=en . it works on non rooted devices . edit : try clean master . it scans the memory card for large cache file that you can delete altogether .
if you mean clearing all app and user data on the phone , you can do a factory reset via settings -> privacy -> factory data reset . note that this erases all data on the phone , not just app data .
you can do factory reset under such case . go to settings -> sd and phone storage -> factory data reset . i do not think an app without root can do it as apps are limited in their own sandbox .
this is more of a linux question , and it may need to be moved to superuser . se , but i can answer it . on linux , you string commands using &amp;&amp; ( or || or just ; ) . with &amp;&amp; , the first command must finish executing and have no error codes in order for the next command in the sequence to run . in your setup , it looks like you want to open an adb shell , and then run netcfg rndis0 dhcp on the adb shell . however , linux does not do that . instead , it is waiting for the adb shell to exit without errors , after which time it will run netcfg rndis0 dhcp on the desktop computer 's shell . if you want to run a command on the android device , you do not start an interactive adb shell ( the default ) ; rather , you pass the command like so : adb shell netcfg rndis0 dhcp you will need to change your alias for n to be a variable instead . remove the alias directive so the line just reads n='netcfg rndis0 dhcp' . then change your alias for t to be as follows alias t='r and and sh $n '
you could always remove the home number from your contact information . it will then match your wife when getting a call from home . you can try re-adding the home number back to your own contact card and see if the change sticks . if you have the home number in your own contact info as well as your wife 's , android will display the first contact it finds . since your ' self ' card was probably synced before your wife 's card , android shows your ' self ' card as the incoming contact . ( whereas before , you likely added the home number to your wife 's contact first , then to your ' self ' card later ) . there is another android . se question asking a similar question .
if you go into storage options on your phone under external sd card there should be an option to unmount sd card for safe removal . select this option and once it is unmounted open the back of the phone eject the sd card , open the back of the galaxy s2 , insert the sd card and you have successfully moved your sd card !
a search of the play store for the phrase " game services " finds about 20 games at the moment . additionally this google docs spreadsheet lists many games with game services integration : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0aitefls7rhjydfzgufq5mfliu2iznfpmqtazc0jhmk
i created a file sudo nano /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android-mtpfs.rules  and added and i added : echo 0x18d1 &gt;&gt; ~/.android/adb_usb.ini  then i rebooted ubuntu and it worked ! ! !
the system app , performancemanager . apk has the line hello world , pmeasyview ! in the resources . arsc file . this does not appear to be malware , just a mistake that this appears to some users with the motorola task / performance manager .
it is likely to be a debugging message from a program you have installed that the programmer forgotten to remove . if you want to seek which program that does it ; you can try to copy all installed applications ( android apps are installed from market are in /data/app/ , pre-installed apps are in /system/app/ ) , unzip them ( an . apk is basically a zip file with a certain directory structure ) , and search which ones contains the string ( you can use grep in linux/mac or find in windows ) . if you do found out which are the offending app , please post it here to save other people from the hassle .
this is because the device location is detected from the sim card in use . i am not sure how the web market location is detected . perhaps look at using a proxy . but if you wish your change your sim location check this out : https://market.android.com/details?id=ch.racic.android.marketenabler
such sites have geographic filters so you may need to access those sites in mobile which passes the ip barrier .
try using myphoneexplorer . this allows sms sending from computer via android machines . i have been using it for years .
no , it does not support sending text messages on pc
kies air does support sending of sms thru pc . you need to connect the pc and your handset with the same network .
you can not . but , on the other hand , you can use the kies air application , which you can obtain through samsung apps . it allows you to access your mobile on the desktop browser if both pc and phone share the same wifi network . then you would be able to send/recv messages on the desktop , amid many other things like accessing photos , videos , contacts , call logs , music , file system . . . and so on . it is like a small web interface to your mobile .
samsung kies - usb connection to pc : does not support sms sending kies air - wi-fi connection with device : supports sms sending
google maps for android does have a bicycle option . you just have to select it from the drop down menu .
first login to your google account in desktop and open google maps find the route you want to drive and to your left you can see save to my maps click it and save it in your google account then open your google maps in your android mobile in options you can see my places options click on it ( assuming you have internet connection ) the route will be opened in your map you can select get driving directions from there and it will be loaded in your android maps ; ) cheers . . . . . . . . . .
edit : as per lie 's comment below , it looks to be us-only . the proxy site i use apparently changed to hosting in the uk :p i am in canada , and also tried from a us uk ( my bad ) proxy . it does not show up . a quick google search shows that the url for the page with the tablet apps should be https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_tablet_featured . using this link directly does not work either , whereas https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_featured ( the regular featured apps ) does . so i think google just had it up temporarily and took it down . or , if daniel can still see it , they are doing what google normally does : rolling out new features slowly , to only some users at a time .
using a higher current charger will not be a problem . the phone " pulls " current , rather than having the current " pushed " to it by the charger , so it will only take as much current as it wants , regardless of how much the charger is capable of supplying . by relation , there is no point in getting a charger with a current rating higher than your phone will accept . it is just a waste of money , as your phone will not make use of the extra capability . exactly how much current your phone will accept is usually unspecified and is generally only determinable by direct measurement ( i.e. . put a multimeter in the circuit ) , and thus generally is not practical to exactly determine for an everyday user . 1a chargers are fairly standard and would be completely adequate for almost any phone . chargers with more current than that are generally intended for tablets/phablets which have much larger batteries and will accept more current ( e . g . 10" tablets generally charge at around 2.5a ) . your phone will charge off those fine , but as i said above , just will not take advantage of the extra current capability you paid for .
the 700ma is safer bet but will result in longer charging period than the 1a/850ma . the 1a charger would be charging faster but might not be preferable ( check your battery for the details voltage and current ) . ps : incompatible chargers tend to cause weird ghost touches in the touch screen .
on droid razr , running ics , it is under accessibility , in the system settings menu : scroll to the bottom and you should see a double tap home launch field , click it and it will allow you to set it to " none " .
i do not know about the s2 , but i have just discovered that for the galaxy note , there is a setting " launch voice talk " ( launch by double-tapping home ) that only appears when vlingo is set as the voice recognition engine . if you choose google , the option goes away .
you can follow the following steps to disable Voice Command on ics : from the home screen go to Settings then Applications . find and select Voice Command in the Downloaded or All tabs if the Disable option appears - select and then ok . it will not prompt again . if not , select Clear data and then ok . the next time you mistakenly double click do not confirm the samsung disclaimer but select the back button instead .
for solving your problem you must double press menu key when start s voice application press option key and go to setting . you must uncheck an option in 1 or 2 line . read text in under line . you disable starting s voice via double pressing home button sorry for bad english . . im from iran good luck dear
now i have installed cyanogenmod 9 and this does not happen anymore . i do not think , this problem can be solved via settings of samsungs android version
for a non-rooted phone , this is the best i have found : double-tap , select menu , settings voice talk seetings -> speak prompts : uncheck now if you double-tap , a short sound will be heard , but you will not here the " what would you like to do ? " .
i have disabled it using app-freeze on titanium backup . this works well , and is entirely reversible , but appears to require both the pro key ( paid ) and root . a possible alternative would be removing it using either the terminal or adb . the apk in question is /system/app/voicetogo . apk ( com . vlingo . client . samsung ) , and my phone has not had a problem with it having been disabled . i would recommend backing it up , though , on the off chance .
inside the voice command : open settings &rarr ; voice talk settings &rarr ; motion then uncheck double tap option or uncheck motion activation altogether .
i just upgraded my s2 to ics and continued facing the same problem . . the solution for the problem is settings -> language and input -> keyboard and input methods . make sure google voice typing is unchecked . . . problem solved . . .
http://kwatog.wordpress.com/2012/05/13/disabling-vlingo-voice-command-on-samsung-galaxy-s-ii/ install go launcher ex from google play . it’s free ! open the app drawer . press and hold on the blue voice command icon until it starts shaking . click on the x button and choose uninstall . follow the instructions . optionally , you can uninstall go launcher ex . you are welcome .
the incredible 2 has a defective charging port that does not typically last a long time . it is an extremely common issue with this phone . chances are , this is what you are seeing . disclaimer : i have been using my current dinc2 for ~18 months and have not had this issue yet , but i did see it on a used phone i attempted to buy . anyway , my plan for if/when this does happen is : repair htc incredible 2 usb charge port the part is supposed to be $12 and takes an hour to do . if you are not comfortable doing it yourself , i would take it to a cell phone repair shop .
you most likely switched on several feedback settings in settings&rarr ; developer options : developer options ( source : androidadvices . com ) in these screenshots the reason for the " white dot " wherever you touch the screen is already marked . additionally , you probably have enabled " show cpu usage " as well ( right screenshot , lower third ) . just turn everything off here which you do not know what it is for ; by default , nothing is checked in this menu .
although difficult to generalize , in a pretty good number of cases , using a lock screen pin/password is not going to be sufficient to prevent someone from wiping your phone and/or flashing it with a new rom . it may be an effective enough deterrent to prevent them from accessing your personal data , but there are a few considerations that go along with that , as well . firstly , if the bootloader is unlockable , then there is effectively no way to prevent someone from reflashing the device . the fastboot utility will give them the ability to flash unsigned images once the bootloader is unlocked , and unlocking it will not be prevented by any userspace security ( like a pin/password or keeping usb debugging disabled ) . nexus devices always have unlockable bootloaders , so those are a given . for other devices , you can typically find out if your device has an unlockable bootloader by visiting the development portal of your manufacturer 's website . samsung devices will use odin/heimdall instead of fastboot ( excepting some outliers , like nexus devices made by samsung which also have fastboot ) , but you can generally find out if a samsung device will accept unsigned images via a bit of searching ( in many cases they will ) . some devices have other ways of accessing fastboot/recovery , some more esoteric than others . it is not terribly uncommon for there to be a key combination that will boot a device into its stock recovery system , which will provide some means of performing a factory reset , thereby removing any lock screen security that was configured on the device . another complication can be if the device recognizes a factory cable . the kindle fire , for example , would let you flash an unsigned image with a factory cable , meaning you could actually get a custom recovery installed without wiping the device . this would put all of your data at risk if the attacker was properly equipped and technologically savvy . there are probably other concerns that i am not considering here , as well , but these are the basic ones aside from bootloader exploits and the like , which are not really predictable in the long-term . in general , though , there is a saying about security which microsoft sums up as such : if a bad guy has unrestricted physical access to your computer , it is not your computer anymore . . . and that is a pretty accurate way of putting it for an android device . if your concern is securing your data then userspace security like a lock screen password , locked bootloader , and keeping usb debugging off are going to be great defenses . if you are looking to secure your device such that no attacker could make use of it , then you have got a significant uphill battle , and the odds of winning are going to be very slim ( and quite possibly zero ) . nb : for your specific scenario : the moto g is supported by motorola 's bootloader unlock program . therefore , userspace security will not prevent someone from resetting or reflashing your device .
the waiting on the device means that your phone is not being located . try the following code : fastboot devices  and check if there are some devices recognized . if not , it probably means that you do not have the correct drivers installed . what o.s. are you using ? i guess that windows . which version ? x86 or x64 ? edit : explanation about drivers of android phones in windows . this is a general idea , so some technical mistakes are allowed , but in general , an android phone , when plugged to the pc , identifies itself as several devices . one is to mount the data ( dependeing on the version , it uses mtp , or mount the sdcard ) , another is the android phone to use the adb , and two more are when the phone is connected but in recovery or in bootloader . for each of this " virtual devices " , the o.s. needs a driver , usually a different driver . so you might have the adb drivers installed , but not the fastboot .
probably koush 's helium [ which used to be carbon previously ] might be of help for you . helium does not require root . all android users can use helium to backup and sync android applications . helium lets you backup your apps and data to your sd card or cloud storage [ dropbox , box , google drive ] . android to android app sync [ with helium , you can sync app data from your other android devices -- even if they are not on the same network ] . i am not sure if you have to connect your device to usb if you want to sync to cloud though . i have not used this feature as of yet .
this is a difficult situation , but google might come to your rescue . in 4.1.1 ( on an at and t sgs3 , at least ) , in the Settings app , there are Backup and reset settings ( in the Personal group ) : now , despite the checkmarks , i have never actually used this feature , and there are a number of questions i can not answer ( and i do not have the time at the moment to investigate ) : how often does it back up ? can it be used to restore to a different device ? how can you know that any given app is backed up ? where are the backups stored on google 's servers / can a user access the backups in drive ? you might need to experiment , or do some googleing . i just wanted to get at least this much up here so you can start .
backup via ssh , ftp , smb , webdav , dropbox , google drive . . . . all via file manager . i use it to transfer files back and forth and it works a delicious treat . i highly recommend this application .
google displays weather conditions using weather underground as per google web search features page . all weather conditions and forecasts are provided by weather underground , inc . so , google now also might be picking from the same source .
the google search engine gets its weather from a combination of ' the weather channel ' , ' weather underground ' and ' accuweather ' . the data on google now appears to be the same data . . .
i had the same problem . i fixed it by : shutting down my phone removing the battery and sd card putting it back turning my phone on . it is all there again . phewww ! maybe my sd card had an epileptic moment for awhile .
i am suggesting an app called powertutor ( free on the market ) . when you turn on the profiler , the app monitors the power usage of each applications and android subsystem , and give a detailed report of what application has been consuming the most battery . the idea is , you turn the profiler on , then use the phone as usual . be aware though , the power profiler itself is very power-hungry and it does not save the profiling result if the profiler is restarted , that means if your phone 's battery runs out before you can look at the report , you will just be wasting battery ( iow , you might need to wake up in the middle of the night to look at the report before your phone runs out of battery ; or you might need to put the phone on charger , which might affect the result of the profiling since some applications might behave differently when charged and when on battery ) .
i ended up trying several things mentioned in the xda-developer thread : changing the networkmode from gsm / wcdma automatic to either gsm or wcdma , xda-users claimed that switching between these two modes is a huge battery drainer . in my experience this was the most important one . installing a widget , so i could check whether bluetooth and gps were really turned off . especially gps could run in the background , after using google navigation , without displaying the icon . turn off syncing for apps you do not really use or rate limit updates to a larger interval . you can always update manually and getting new contact info once a day is more than enough ! remove widgets that need regular updates , even though the sync setting should have control this . as i am using a htc sense phone , i turned off all their proprietary apps , i simply do not trust the power usage of things like footprints . if you apply all these settings , you should manage to get a full days worth out of your battery , unless you play too much angry birds .
after trying out nearly every battery monitoring app i could find at the time , i ended up installing the free juicedefender and it is accompanying commercial licence juicedefender ultimate . i found this was a good tool as it learned my usage habits , and would automatically turn the radios on or off depending on where i was or what i was doing with the phone . combined with wiping the battery stats and a few recharging tricks , i managed to easily get a day of standby charge . if you are game to load a custom rom , you might be able to push the standby out to 2 days at the risk of bricking your phone if the flashing operation fails . the only other thing that i did not try is to see if there is a utility that can identify the many service apps running on the phone , and see if there is anything that might be turned off . it is not unusual to have an os running more services than are strictly necessary , even on a phone .
you can not move apps to sdcard on the sony xperia m . unless your device is rooted .
look under Settings &gt; Motion for an option to disable double tap feature . i disabled the whole motion category .
please visit this link : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1278349 the post is to help you set your phones default install path to your phones sd card on any android device .
you can try the following : free some space on device ( by uninstalling unnecessary apps ) to download desired app move downloaded app to sd-card so that it will require less space on device you can use link2sd app to move app forcefully ( root require )
i may not be completely up to date on this but there may be no solution to this , as ( most ? ) android apps cannot installed on the sd card , some of their data can be moved ( resources and such ) if the developer prepared for that . so a solution to your memory problem may be to attempt to move some of the app data to the sd card ( if you run into issues to this , let me know your version of android and i will try to help ) .
check out this https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ljmobile.move.app may be it can be helpful . there is a bit work but it get the job done .
sure is ! when you get your new android phone and sign in with your google account , it will automatically start to re download your apps ! if you want to root the new phone , and the previous one ( the one you own now ) was also rooted , you could use titanium backup as well to back up your apps and reinstall the them with all their data on the new device .
i have searched plenty of times for the same thing , but i can never seem to find it . there are only applications available to view the database on your android , and the records that it contains .
here 's a link that covers some methods for changing the system font on some android phones without root , i do not know if it works on your phone as well : http://www.androidauthority.com/how-to-change-the-fonts-on-your-android-phone-32078/
this is not a miracle solution , but : when taking pictures indoor , keep in mind that android 's auto white-balance might make the wrong choice . look at the image on the screen , and if it feels unnatural , try manually selecting the incandescent or fluorescent settings . be aware that , at least currently , the nexus 4 camera does not compare favorably to the iphone 5 camera : on the nexus 4 , pictures tend to lack details , colors are washed out , and images lack contrast with both white and black leaning towards the grey . if you own a nexus 4 and find this disappointing , let me try to reassure you : first , it is not as bad as it sounds ; second , there is still a chance this can be improved with software ; third , do not forget your unlocked nexus 4 costs almost half the price of an unlocked iphone 5 . below are some pictures of the same scene i took with an iphone 5 and nexus 4 , so we can compare them side-by-side . this first shot was done indoor , in a low light , without a flash . left : iphone 5 ( original ) , right : nexus 4 ( original ) . this second shot was done outdoor . top : iphone 5 ( original ) , bottom : nexus 4 ( original ) .
i do not know if it works for flickr but you can use applications like molome or instagram to quickly share photos on both facebook and twitter .
this solution does not require any app : upload pictures by email to flickr . as a one-time setup , find your private flickr email address and i recommend you add it as a contact in gmail . then , from the gallery , share by email , and send it to your flickr email , optionally typing a description in the email subject . setup an ifttt rule to upload to facebook pictures you send to flickr . to make it simpler , you can reuse this recipe . benefits : you are not relying on any third-party app , and can use the standard android tools . you can queue images for upload ( sorting , entering descriptions , deleting locally ) , even if you are offline , say abroad with no wifi or data connectivity . the pictures will be queued in your email outbox and will be sent when you are back on the grid .
one solution would in fact be using a specialized photo app : fotor for android . next to a bunch of features for taking and editing photos , the app description mentions : using fotor you can easily share your amazing photos with friends and family ! share photos via email , facebook , twitter and flickr , with just one touch . which is exactly what you asked for . this app even supports hdr , and much more . . . so this would be your all-in-one solution . seems hard to beat . . .
i have also seen the 3 scrolling types you mention below , but it always seemed to me that the 3rd one was more a bug than a feature . the htc desire ( which i have too ) is not known to have a great digitizer , the part of the screen that handles the finger positions and movements . furthermore , it is not " multitouch " , meaning it cannot handle properly more than 1 finger on the screen , although there are tries to support it but i have never seen it work constantly good . see this page for more proof . it is true that it would be a nice feature , maybe on other phones with a better touchscreen and a further version of android with more gestures supported . why not for example scrolling down with 2 fingers would trigger a super-fast scroll or a " go to bottom " action ?
i did have a problem similar similar to this with my d802 . the solution may probably be the same for you . here 's what i have done : at first to install all prerequisites , follow this article - starting from 1 Download all the files below up to 5. copy all files and folders ... afterwards : run cmd as admin ( was needed for me to get the system 's hosts-file changed ) . from cmd run Automatic Offline Procedure.vbs put your phone into download mode ( vol-up + plug usb ) within r and d flash tool : " select type " - 3gqct " phone mode " - emergency " select kdz file " on the right hand side : choose your previously loaded stock rom click the ( flat ) button titled " normal web upgrade test " in the next window click on " upgrade start " now on " clear phone software update registry " and select " different country " and your language ( if possible – was empty with me ) enjoy your phone being flashed with the stock rom after having pressed " ok " : ) this should do the trick . at least this worked for me without any problems . if there are any problems or questions regarding the r and d tool , please referer to this thread on xda-developers . i know , it is probably too late for you . but maybe this can help others in the future . : ) regards , mh166
basically the galaxy nexus does have a " virtual sd-card " that is not data wiped with the data factory reset from cwm but it is when wiped via stock recovery , for me the only option was to downgrade the phone to a stock version , as it locked and unlocked partition . but there are other ways to do it , but all of ' em includes formatting your " sd-card" ( sad ) .
as the tablets are all identical , and run android > = 4.0 , the following approach could be taken – provided all devices should be configured identically : configure one device the way you want to have them all use adb backup to create a backup of this tablet ( see our adb tag-wiki for a starting point if you did not use adb before ) use adb restore to restore the created backup of the first device to all other devices this should transfer all apps and settings from the first , manually configured device to all the others ( including homescreen settings ) . you can play with parameters to adb backup to speed up the restore process , e.g. by specifying to only include the apps you added/modified , e.g. adb backup -apk -shared -f backup_customized.ab com.package1 com.package2 \u2026  ( replace com.package1 com.package2 \u2026 with a list of packages you want to include ) . skip -shared if you do not need to clone sdcard contents ( you also could copy those separately , which even might be faster ) .
if you have fastboot , boot into that . you can then procede to wipe data while in fastboot mode by issues the fastboot -w command . you can then reboot the device using the fastboot reboot command . be aware that not all devices come with fastboot . if you can access adb while the device is booting , then you can issue an adb reboot recovery command to reboot into the recovery menu that way .
try booting while pressing the back key . that will get you into fastboot , and you can access hboot ( and hence recovery ) from there . if it worked try any solution among this . . it depends on the cause of the boot loop wipe cache and dalvik ( depending on what recovery you look in different places for these . i think clockworkmod may have wipe dalvik in advanced ) . tbh i think this is unlikely to do it , but is harmless . if something has been corrupted in the rom then reflashing the rom ( without wiping ) will fix it . if it is data corruption then a factory reset will do it .
the short answer is : no , they are not the same . the long answer is as follows : at least for dimensions , they are not exactly the same ( htc one xl , to the right , is a bit smaller ) also , from the comparison table you talk about : htc one x at and t would not support hsdpa 900 , while htc one xl does . htc one x at and t supports 4g network with lte 700 mhz class 17 / 1700 / 2100 , while htc one xl does it with lte 1800 / 2600 . htc one x at and t supports mini-sim , while htc one xl supports micro-sim . htc one xl has stereo fm radio with rds , while htc one x at and t does not . htc one xl has 32 gb internal storage , htc one x at and t has 16 gb internal storage . sources : left image : htc one at and t at htc us website right image : htc one xl at htc australian website
nope , both have different features , and are not the same .
to do a factory reset , you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Privacy and hit factory data reset . alternatively though , to just clear the sms data you should go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and find the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) and clear the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . if you really need to boot into recovery , i would try the following : hold power and volume down until the phone reboots or turns on hold the power button for two more seconds , then release it ( if the phone reboots again , you held it too long ) keep holding volume down until recovery mode appears
your best bet would probably be using a dlna server app ( this one , for example , though there are lots of others ) on one device and an appropriate player ( example ) on the other devices . not sure if it would work over a hotspot tether though , but there are free apps available for both ends , so it can not really hurt to try . edit : oh , misunderstood the question . that is about as easy . there are several apps on the store for running a camera server , like this one , for example . you then can use any compatible player to connect and view the camera feed
uninstall the update . and update again . it worked for me .
i am not sure what version of gmail you have , but the version i have ( along with android 4.1.2 ) allows me to " show pictures " in the message , then i have the option to " always show pictures from this sender " . the option in the settings is to " remove " the always show that you have set for any sender in the past . the only way to always show images is by first showing them for a sender , then select the always show . and afaik , this can only be done per sender .
no , this is not possible . unfortunately , google have not implemented this feature into google play as of yet .
when you specify one of your devices ( to narrow down the comments ) , the web page sends an ajax query to google . it passes a get variable , specifying the device ; it also passes some post variables , one of which is a token ( so you can not simply browse to the page ) . you could write something that requests a different device to get the comments . the only problem is that google has their own definitions for device models . you would have to find out the model id used by google for the device ( s ) you wish to browse . here is a starting point for your code . i grabbed my token value by using tamper data . here 's a starting point for your list of devices . my two devices are the optimus v : " lge lg-vm670" nook simple touch : " barnesandnoble nook " readers : feel free to add your device in the comments .
alternatively visit http://www.web2pdfconvert.com/ and paste the url which you want as a pdf . or if you want to download pdf via app , try free app named " urltopdf " from play store .
the default ringtones are fairly quiet . install some standalone ringtones or else grab a copy from your device and run them through a program to increase their volume before placing back onto the phone .
you might want to give volume+ a try ( scroll down for download link ) .
go through the one time steps mentioned on this link .
calibrate the tablet , if that does not work it could be a faulfy digitizer or it was made to respond to a stylus
it may be that he is used to older resistive touchscreens ( the kind you use with a pointy stylus ) , and so he is pressing the screen with the tip of the fingernail , instead of with the finger itself . that does not work well on capacitive touchscreens unless your fingernails are cut very short . also , you are probably right about older , drier fingers having less capacitance and so showing up less well on the screen . using the ' pad ' of the finger instead of the tip might help by giving the screen more finger to work with . if all else fails , you can get styli for capacitive touchscreens . you can distinguish them by having a rounded , foam tip the size of a finger , instead of a pointed , pen-like tip .
if you are trying to download an app on a device that has date and time not set properly then also this problem can happen . check the date and time settig .
do a hard reset , remove sim , set network type to wcdma preferred .
try Wiredog . it is new and you can find it on reddit in the top apps category .
i think the dimensions of different parts of the gui require changes in the framework-res . apk files in the internal system partition . this requires you to be rooted , of course . i have not seen any custom themes for custom roms that have a full screen portrait however .
maybe you need something like that : big ! caller id , full screen caller id . notice : both are free just for first five contacts . for more , you must purchase full version . both require to assign hd photos manually ( from sd card , camera or facebook ) . none of them support images stored with your contacts on your google account .
hopefully this app is your answer : gm alarm as mentioned in google play , this app has different alarm sounds and you can select the option for random alarm sounds each day . and the alarm sound will not repeat as it maintains a history for previous alarm sounds . might be useful for you .
you can format the sd as exfat , removing the 4gb restriction from old fat filesystem . you can format it from windows ( or linux/mac ) without any third party application and the phone will recognize it without problems .
i doubt it . i have done the same with a gsm galaxy s ( the vibrant ) with no problems . of course it probably depends on whether you have a really terrible rom , but rooting alone should not matter . and it might be different for cdma . but worst case , you can just flash back to stock . my vibrant picked up the network settings on it is first boot with a sim , i would again assume your first boot-up after activation would cause the same thing . plus , if the custom rom is captivate-based and not i9000-based , it might have the network settings already built in ( and just need to pick up the phone number ) .
you will not get voice/data if it is not activated on your vzw account . but you can use it as a wifi device , like an ipod . i say root it and flash an ics rom to see what the device can do . i think you will be surprised ! go here for all the info you need to root/flash/return it to stock if you decide to sell it .
you can never guarantee that it is cent per cent private . first let 's begin with android apps . in order to earn money you have advert 's in the apps . in order to get localised adds it has in built code which will access your location and display the advertisement based on the locality you are presently . in doing so your identity is revealed there itself . your device name , id , carrier etc . is stored in the third party servers . to which no one can guarantee whether the communication is secure between their server and what is done with the information stored in the server . you cannot disable this featured as it is hard coded in the application and the best way to this is simply un-install . you can verify whether the app is collecting information or not through some apps from the play store like permission checker . in the app you can sort out apps that might cost you money , send data , etc . check for the application permissions which are listed and check it is use on the web . if you see any application that has permission violating your privacy like viewing contacts , device id , network information you need to delete those apps from the device . you cannot modify the code even if possible as it violates the policy . also make sure the permissions are relevant to the functionality of the application . if it is irrelevant ( flash light app is having permission for viewing contacts , location which is not at all relevant then you need to remove it . ) then you need to remove this app and find another app from the play store .
if you are using launcherpro go to your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Preferences -&gt;Backup homescreen &amp; settings to backup and Restore backup is in the same place . this can not restore your widgets but remembers their places though . also some app-specific shortcuts need to be recreated ( in my case , shortcuts to k-9 mail mailboxes ) .
i am using go launcher ex home launcher which saves the current configuration and we can restore it whenever we need . if you have a different launcher check for backup/restore configuration settings .
sounds like hacker 's keyboard might be a good try for you . it does not have some of the rightmost keys ( insert , end , page up/down , also f1-f12 ) visibly displayed on the main layout , but they are available by pressing the " fn " key . here 's the layout on a tablet :
well sumit is right , specifically , you get a class 4 ( 4 mbps ) or class 2 ( 2 mbps ) sd card but for hd , direct copy to sd card , you need better write speed go for class 6 ( 6 mbps ) or if you want it all go for class 10 ( 10 mbps ) .
it seems that that the card write speed is unable to keep pace with hd video writes on the card . try using a sd card with a faster write speed . also try to use use the same stock sd card in any other mobile with the same hd video recording ( same bit rate , same resolution ) to see if it works there properly . if it fails there too then surely it is a problem with the card only .
you can not change or remove them . only way to do it is by installing custom rom ; which will inturn invalidate any warranty you have on the phone .
you need root and a root explorer like es file explorer . go to system/media/ and delete or rename the file bootani . qmg if you want to get rid of the android animation . the vendor one should be named like samsungani . qmg or htcani . qmg .
okay , here 's what i can gather . . . there should be no real loss of capability if you move to at and t . while at and t does not advertise lte band 8 capability on its s5s , band 8 is largely used in south korea , japan , and taiwan ; unless you travel to those places , it should not be a problem . i would , however , check at and t 's coverage map to be certain . t-mobile allows customers to unlock phones provided certain conditions are met . click here for more information . also , " quad band gsm " on t-mobile is 850/900/1800/1900 mhz , same as at and t
according to the announcement on the google reader blog it should be avaiable for phones running donut ( android 1.6 ) and above , so you are covered for that . the blog does not mention any geographical restrictions and i am in europe ( uk ) and i have got it , so it is definitely available outside the us . if you have got a barcode reader , then you can just point your phone at the qr barcode on the blog and it should take you straight to the market page for the app ( if it is in your market ) . according to reader 's androlib page , it is currently available in the us , french , spanish , italian , german , dutch , japanese , swiss and russion markets . there are ways to change the settings on your device so that it looks at the us ( or another region 's ) market , see this previous question for more how do i use the us android market .
you can download it from here then copy the apk file on your handset and install it from there . but i would still recommend newsrob as a better reader even than the official google reader application
did not find the solution . but found the ' good enough workaround ' delete all wifi you have saved charge battery to maximum remove account used to install everything clear recent app history delete the home screen app data . open the new account setting lock phone . ship it hope it arrives in less than 3 days which is what it took here to drain the battery :d now when the phone is taken out of the box , it will have ( almost ) the same as the welcome screens as the phone is factory reseted , but will keep the apps installed . it will prompt for new/existing account , pair with wifi , and show all the home screen apps hints . and i was spared the work of adding a few extra apps to the cyanogemmod image and ship the phone ' factory ' reseted . much easier that way :d
i do not know about the camera , but the lens and acrylic cover should be easy to change . here is a replacement i found on ebay . it is quite cheap also . p.s. i have just seen your comment : ) . take this as an extension to your findings .
this is what you need to do , supposing you are on a stock rom : open your gallery app . select the image you want to set as background . hit menu and you should see an option set as , click on it . you should end with several options in which you can find home screen , lock screen and home and lock screens . select the option you want to set your wallpaper to . if you have a custom rom , you should check the forums of that rom to see if its supports this .
i had a bit of trouble setting the lock screen pic . i have a samsung galaxy ace q i827 ( appeal in the u.s. ) and i had to first find a pic i wanted , then i had to hit the menu button a couple of times to find the ' set as ' button . at first i only hit it once , and no ' save as ' button appeared . but after hitting it again , it popped up . after clicking on the ' set as ' , i had the option of selecting the lock screen or wallpaper . this is for gingerbread 2.3.6 .
you can not do that . but what you can do is download a third party locker such as go locker .
although i am on another device with another android version ( htc desire hd / rom : jellytime r9 ( android 4.2.2 ) ) i think the problem may be the same . in gallery i can only set the images as background . but i can set a different lock screen background image in system settings . i think this options depending on used launcher/lockscreen and are also valid in stock roms . i am using novalauncher and i can only set a different lockscreen image that way as far as i know . [ edit ] sorry for being that fuzzy . . what i really wanted to say : in android 4.2.2 ( can not confirm atm that it also works on 4.1 due to lack of working emulator ) - depending on launcher/locker - just do this setting under the proper category in system settings . . system settings &gt; ui &gt; lock screen &gt; background &gt; custom image ( maybe different wording - only got german version here ) [ /edit ]
finally tracked down something official : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=48164
unfortunately i do not think you are going to find a setting change to fix this . it is likely a bug in the rom , or the lock screen or clock apk ( s ) . i am also running cm10.1 on my phone ( lg nitro hd ) and i can not even get the clock app to change to using an analog clock ( vs . the digital ) . even after multiple reboots and confirming that indeed i have the right settings in settings-> lockscreen . some rudimentary net searching and you can see issues with the lockscreen on cm10.1 is not unusual .
do you have lockscreen policy installed ? that is most likely the issue .
i had a similar issue at work . what i ended up doing was turning the " vibrate " setting on in Settings/Sounds . my phone was bugging everyone else in the office before ( which is why i started using headphones ) but with that setting , the phone vibrates on receiving a call as well as ringing in the headphones . i did not have to disturb anyone , and i still got calls when i forgot about my headphones ! do not know if this would be practical for you , but it worked nicely for me , so i thought i would share !
i was going to suggest cyanogenmod also , if that does not work or is not something you are interested in , you should try tasker http://tasker.dinglisch.net/ https://market.android.com/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm it pretty much can do just about anything you can think of without quite as much work as writing an app yourself .
i fixed that problem with soundabout
i am the author of an app called soundabout that has a setting just for this purpose . it is a quick , one screen app for audio routing .
in order to do that on gingerbread select ' display options ' from the menu of the contacts app . then under ' choose contacts to display ' select your account and check only the groups you are interested in .
if you are using google contacts as your address book , you could star those people you always want to come up , and then use the star folder on your desktop making it a quick easy way to always have access to them . the folder organizer app will also allow you do this and is not limited to using just the google address boo , and it also has more features enabling you to pick specific details from a contact i.e. choose only mobile instead of all their details etc . i know it does not answer your question specifically in terms of the contact app , but it does provide a decent work around . note that depending on your phone it might have built in widgets that can aid i.e. sense has a pretty good one for this purpose .
there are some more suggested apps for the tattoo here on xda . it sounds to me like they have stock firmware that is rooted , however &mdash ; perhaps that is required . i have heard of other devices that do not work for tethering with cyanogenmod ( and i am not familiar with nfinity ) .
i do not know for the droid charge in special , but on many phones you can turn off the radio separatly . and even if that does not work , in your case it should be fine to simply enter airplane mode , and then activate wifi again ( plus bluetooth , when needed ) -- which eventually has the very same effect . i remember having used dazzle configurable switcher for this on my old htc wildfire ( to turn off radio separatly ) , and it worked like a charm . on my motorola milestone 2 , however , i was not given that choice -- but could use the work-around described .
set airplane mode . under phone setting , enable airplane mode . when this happens your phone 's wifi will turn off , but you can activate wifi again . airplane mode only disables your phones radio . it usually turns off other communication features such as wifi and bluetooth but these can be turned on again . there is also a detailed article on using an android phone as a wifi only device ( no cellar connection ) .
last . fm picks up the intents apps like pocket casts and google music send to bluetooth devices , and hacks that into their scrobble implementation . i guess they figured google were never going to support them explicitly so that was their only way in . to stop pocket casts from scrobbling you had un-tick the google music option in last . fm . the fine people of pocket casts ( read : us ) are planning to put in a setting that turns off that bluetooth data , which would also turn off scrobbling . we looked into the last . fm api and there is nothing extra we can send to tell them to ignore us , which would be a better solution , since it would mean keeping the blue tooth meta data as well .
last . fm app only scrobbles if the device tells it to . so i think in you pocket cast , if you go in to it is settings then i think you would find something about scrobbling , and you should have there an option to disable it .
farrel , the only way i have found to allow google music to scrobble to last . fm but not pocket cast is to stream podcasts rather than downloading them — that seems to work . i realise that this is not always ideal . do not forget you can delete tracks from your last . fm profile/library but i am not sure if that is persistent . again , not ideal .
try to re-install the usb device driver for that specific tab , and try it once again .
building on onik 's comment , make sure that Wi-Fi only is not checked . in the samsung galaxy s4 , this can be found in : System settings &gt; More &gt; About device &gt; Software update &gt; Wi-Fi only . so , check the About device section of your phone .
grooveshark might not be using that much data ; it keeps a cache of songs you have listened to recently so it does not have to re-download them each time . so if you are listening to the same songs all the time , they will probably only be downloaded once , same with offlined songs . to see if the app really sees what data grooveshark is pulling , go to Grooveshark-&gt;Settings-&gt;Clear Song Cache . then go listen to a playlist or two and see what happens : ) p.s. you can also edit the size of the cache on that menu ! if all else fails , i use phone usage , and it tracks grooveshark pretty successfully :
no . apple 's older ios lineup and samsung 's android tablets have a similar looking but different connector . you can not interchange them . and besides this : apple 's new ligthning plug clearly only works with ios devices ( iphone 5 and ipad 4/mini and better ) . the available lightning-adapters also only work with ios devices .
no , force stop does not stop the app running again . it just interrupts it if it is running right now . it does not free up any internal storage . it does not make any difference to ram usage : android will already kill background processes to free up ram when it needs to , without you pressing force stop . as izzy suggests , try pressing disable if you are running a recent enough android version to have that button : it is on the app info screen , right next to force stop . ( you might first have to uninstall updates . ) this will remove the system app from the app drawer , stop it running completely , and stop it being updated . if you are on an older android version , you can uninstall the app completely only if you root the device and use a third-party app to do so .
use evernote . it has a dedicated Page Camera feature for your purpose . you can continuously snap documents with it . if you are a premium user , keywords from your snapped documents will be indexed with ocr technologies ( which will be useful in searching ) . and , it works great ( i am a premium user and i have used it ) . if you are not , just buy premium subscription for 1 month . . . indexing continue to exist after 1 month ( but new documents will not be indexed ) .
what makes this easy is using tab-completion to complete the device id . type adb -s D0  and press tab . the plugin in your shell will run adb devices to find the full device id and complete it on the command line for you . you can then type in the rest of the command . adb is a tool for developers , and even developers do not usually run it by hand from the command-line : both the main android development environments ( eclipse-based and intellij idea-based ) have gui wrappers . there is not really a need for it to be any more user-friendly than it is .
as i wrote in my above comment , one way would be : get adb working on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) download the .apk file to your computer switch on usb debugging on your device , and then connect it to your computer via usb ( order is important here : first enable the option , then connect ) use adb install &lt;file_name.apk&gt; to install the app for subsequent installs , you of course can ommit the first step , as adb should already be set up then : ) alternative approach ( untested ) : install some terminal app on your device ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) save the .apk to your sdcard start the terminal app , and run pm install &lt;/path/to/filename.apk&gt; again , the first step is only needed once . i have not tested that second method , so i am not sure whether it requires root or the " unknown sources " option . as adb install only seems to be a wrapper to pm install , the latter is not that likely .
i have no idea how to achieve this natively -- but you could try talking clipboard , which can not only read everything you copy to the clipboard -- but also handle web pages directly . it even supports picking the web page 's address from pocket / read-it-later , can read from arbitrary text/html files stored locally , and also epub books .
go to the app drawer . at the top , you should see Apps and Widgets . click Widgets , and scroll through the pages . look for the weather widget . once you find the widget , long-press on it and drag it to your home screen . edit #1: here 's an example . in this case , i am using the accuweather app . and , i am not using the default launcher , but you should find something similar .
you can rename from the amazon website itself : manage your kindle manage your devices edit ( blue link under edit kindle information dialog ) > edit kindle information
that setting was moved to the ( hidden ) developer options entry . at first , you need to activate veveloper settings here , then change your hostname in the debugging section ( 2nd option group , line 5 in android 4.3 )
i get this after reboot on cm6 for applications moved to sd card . the problem fixes itself after a little time . i would blame a slow sd card , if you are not running sense .
quick and dirty way to reload your icons in htc sense ui ! change scene to anything else , then change scene back ! temporary fix till next boot or smth but that is the only way i know how to do it right now .
its a bug that htc have not addressed yet , it is not the same as the 2.2 model phones , and seems to only happen on this the latest versions of gingerbread . its not like the old thing where the executable has been moved to the sd card , as i have not moved anything and i still get it on some apps . it does not jsut go away , it is permamnet when it happens and the only atm to fix is to either reload your ui , or dump the desktop icons and replace them . c'mon htc ! ! sort it out
try re-installing google play . you have managed to remove and re-install google talk , try doing the same with google play .
i was just browsing around for this issue and found this , link to source : link to forum
after searching in xda , i found few roms which are ics based but jellybean or kitkat themed , i think there is not enough devs to port jellybean or kitkat rom for a89 . you can try various roms to taste the look and feel of jellybean or kitkat . here is the link of various rom available in xda .
mediatek , unlike other brands , does not release android updates in sync with ( or soon after ) an official android release . moreover , they do not release the full source code for their chipsets , preventing android developers from properly compiling roms . they ( mediatek ) have , however , announced that a 4.4.2 update will be rolling out ' soon ' , so you have no other options but to wait or flash an ics-based , jb/kk-themed rom .
you can theoretically delete them without hesitation after moving , but do keep in mind that cwm depends on file integrity checks like md5 to see if your images have not been modified since the day you took a nandroid backup . there are some cases when phone-to-pc transfers ruin the md5 signature 1 and therefore prevent cwm from restoring the nandroid backup in the future . if you do every step in rom installation exactly as said in the instructions listed on your rom webpage and you are not going to do anything daring after successful installation , chances are you are not going to need that nandroid backup anyway . but it is always better to be safe . 1 speaking from experience
hm , 4 parts from different cameras -- looks like ip cam viewer is capable of that : not that hard to find : just entered " ipcam " in the search box at the playstore site , and clicked on the first result . you might want to try the others , maybe you find something even better suited for your requirements . or use this one to better restrict it ( ipcam + rtsp ) .
the application bootloader ABOOT boots the android kernel/recovery kernel . it is the mechanism to download images onto the device from a host machine ( like windows/linux pc ) . on samsung devices it runs the odin protocol on the device . the primary bootloader boot part is a computer program that loads the main operating system or runtime environment for the computer after completion of the self-tests . the pbl acts as a communication engine to download the secondary boot loader ( sbl ) into the internal ram and then activates it . the sbl adds functions for erase and programming of flash memory and eeprom ; it also handles the actual download of new or updated software . this allows a minimum rom utilization by the pbl
it depends on the live wallpaper in question , but in general , the wallpaper only runs when the home screen is visible . since you are usually running an app or have the screen off , the live wallpaper has no effect most of the time : the extra battery use is limited to when you are looking at the home screen . this is not always true , though . some live wallpapers also run extra things . for example , the live wallpaper might periodically run in the background so that it can change its appearance based on your email inbox , or weather reports from the internet , or the accelerometer . for that reason , some live wallpapers might use quite a lot of battery . in that respect , live wallpapers are no different from any other app . if they are inefficient or do a lot of work , they will run your battery down quickly . if they are efficient and simple , you will not notice any extra battery use . unless reviewers comment on it , you will not know until you try .
i just disabled s voice entirely for now , as explained here and elsewhere : Application Manager &gt;&gt; All &gt;&gt; S Voice &gt;&gt; Disable , then reboot .
if you can start your phone in fastboot , then use the fastboot utility to load your system . img and boot . img you have a nice guide here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2277112 but the main thing you need to execute is : fastboot flash boot boot.img fastboot erase system -w fastboot flash system system.img fastboot reboot  you will need a valid system . img and boot . img for your phone model .
search for profile in google play . you had find apps like : myprofiles quick profiles etc those are not my recommendations . it is up to you to see which one works best for you .
thanks to @shywim 's comment , i checked the settings of the messaging app . indeed it is got a custom notification sound settings . ( you can adjust the settings only if your phone is not muted . )
this will depend but almost guarantee requiring the devices to be rooted in order to manipulate the hardware . the only caveat emptor is , this needs root and busybox installed , and that the wifi is active : plug the usb cable to the device , and invoke this , adb shell . switch to superuser , i.e. su invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 down to bring down the wifi device . invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 | grep HWaddr , see below for fig . 2a the double x as shown in the captured output below in fig . 2a , is the actual mac address , i have this deliberately hidden as not to show it especially on the internet . invoke this - busybox ifconfig wlan0 hw ether 00:11:22:33:44:55 , that should change the mac address of that wifi device . ( this part can be extremely hardware dependant in the aspect of , if the wifi device can allow this - also if the kernel has the support for that wifi chipset , if that fails - a very cryptic message will appear - ip : siocsifhwaddr : operation not supported on transport endpoint meaning that the address for mac spoofing is dis-allowed ! ) if step 6 works , then to bring up the wifi device again , invoke this busybox ifconfig wlan0 up , profit ! 2a : sh-4.1# busybox ifconfig wlan0 | grep HWaddr wlan0 Link encap:Ethernet HWaddr XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:XX 
you did not name your device -- but most likely got some china import . there were some readings a little time ago about this issue . normally , a mac address should be unique to the device -- the producer probably wanted to save some license costs . . . nevertheless , that background is not going to help you much . there are some apps available on the playstore which allow you to change the mac address ( search the playstore for " mac-address " to find them all ) , like e.g. wireless mac changer or set mac address . note , however , that all of them require root access on your device . the only alternative known to me would be to return the device ( s ) , explaining your reason ( see above ) , and ask for an appropriate replacement .
well , upon completion of the sw update , my phone now has 4.3 ( the high end of jellybean ) . and the signature 's functionality has been fully restored ; i was able to edit it and save the changes . so far , i am impressed with how the settings were reorganized and the aesthetics of the icons . anyway , i am curious to know how long ago t-mobile made this update available to gs iii owners because i recall on my prior phone with them , i got a notification in the notification bar when there was an update available for froyo .
nxp 's nfc taginfo app can copy the text from a text record on a scanned nfc tag to the clipboard . there are other apps with similar functionality . copying text from text records on nfc tags is not something that is built into android without installing and running an app .
i think you need to buy one of these mhl to hdmi converters - it mentions that it specifically supports your device .
try using the audiobook variant of mortplayer . i believe it ought to suit your needs . also - it is free . one of its features is particularly useful : list of 10 most recent events for each track ( where did you press play , stop , got interrupted by a call , activate the sleep timer , . . . )
the hboot flash region is protected from accidental/unwanted/etc writes . you need an exploit most probably . i found this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1486201
try this : how to change shutdown animation as it says , you will find the location of the animation is "/system/media/video/shutdown "
here 's how you can turn this off in most android builds : look for an app called " google settings . " by default , the icon will look like this : from there , choose " search and now " &rarr ; " voice " &rarr ; "'ok google ' hotword detection " and turn that setting off . if that does not apply to your phone 's os , you will need to provide more info . if you are running the os that came with the phone , provide the make and model . if it is rooted , provide the name and version of the custom rom .
i have seen , with some of my apps that i have developed , a comment be there , and then later on , the comment is no longer visible . and it is not from me marking it as spam , as i have looked on other devices too , just to confirm . so it would look like that after " x " number of " spam/unhelpful " votes , it gets removed .
i can not tell for sure but i think that voting helpful and unhelpful affects the sort order of the market comments , at least in the web version of the android market . i see many comments that are older than the most recent listed on first or second position . maybe because these comments received many helpful votes . marking comments as spam will remove them immediately for you and maybe if the comment receives more spam marks it will be removed completely . this is my assumption . if you have some official links that explain the functionality let us know . : )
i am english , but a southerner with a fairly rp accent , and using voice recognition for google searching is pretty accurate for me . unfortunately this sounds like it is an accent thing . i know google offer their 411 directory voice service in the us , apparently one of the main benefits of this for them is that they can capture a huge amount of speech and use it to train their voice recognition with the words that people really use , in the accents they really use . until they start offering something like that over here i do not think their british regional accents are going to get better very quickly . update 15 dec 2010 : things are changing . google are starting to trial a new version of google voice that does personalised voice recognition and learns based on the way you pronounce words . unfortunately as it is a trial this for us android 2.2 users only at the moment , but hopefully it should be going out to the rest of the world if this trial is successful . if you are an english speaking android 2.2 user in the us , you can get the update here .
the method really relies on what handset are you using . and keeping your contacts on the sim card is one main reason for not being able to add photos to your contacts . anyways , navigating to any contact of your contacts and editing it then clicking on the silhouet will do the trick .
an alternative to gary 's method is to use " set as " . you can open the gallery app , select a photo and then pick menu > more > set as > contact icon . you can then choose the contact to apply it to . the " set as " option is sometimes available from other applications ( i have a media gallery app on my xt720 that has it ) .
open the stock people app ( i.e. . navigate to your contact list ) > select the contact > select edit contact > select the camera icon in the top left corner . your options are gallery ( find an image already on your phone ) or camera ( take a picture of the contact ) . hope it helps !
kineto is the company that makes the wifi calling software that is present on some tmobile phones such as the g2 . unfortunately this software is poorly written . to make matters worse it is only possible to stop or remove the software if you root your phone . ( more accurately it is not your phone - it is tmobile 's phone to do with as they please . ) coincidentally i contacted kineto support yesterday to complain . if more people do that maybe it will get fixed . it constantly spews out log messages at the error level every second or so , despite the messages not being errors you cannot stop the software ( needs root ) and the constant logging still happens even if you disable wifi calling sometimes the software gets confused and you have to reboot the phone to get it working again they have not structured it like most android apps separating the user interface from the service it looks to me like they had an existing codebase that they ported to android hence its poor structure and operation .
carrier apps like wifi calling generally try to run constantly as a background service , and stay connected so that they are instantly available . beyond that , we can not be any more specific about why it runs all the time ( you might get specific details from the carrier , but do not count on it ) . if you do not use it and do not want it to drain your battery , remove it ! it is probably a system app , which means you need to be rooted to remove it ; you can use an app like titanium backup to remove it easily . another option is to allow it to connect . presumably it will stop " spinning " and trying to connect if you just allow it to succeed , and use less battery .
the user teresaw has posted years ago a possible solution in this forum : i believe if you use google maps on an android device , you can merge an address with an existing contact : 1 . search for the address 2 . select the address to open more details about that place 3 . click on ' add as a contact ' 4 . this will prompt you to add this address as a new contact . however , if you press on the menu button ( on android devices ) , you will see an option to ' join ' . 5 . you can then select any existing contacts and add this new address . just make sure to enter in the correct name . i am not pretty sure if this still works but back then it was really helpful for me .
here is how i solved the problem . it turns out that the blurupdater files are specific to the version you are running , and i did not have the correct version . it was a bit of work to locate the correct version . first , i downloaded the sbf file for 4.5.608 . i then used the sbf_flash utility using the -x option to extract the images in the sbf . i then used the file -sL XX.img command to determine that the larger images were ext3 formatted filesystems . then i used mount -t ext3 -o loop XX.img tmp/ to mount each filesystem until i found the one containing the BlurUpdater_VZW.apk and BlurUpdater_VZW.odex file . then i installed both of these files in /system/app ( as root ) . after restarting my device and running the check for updates i was informed that an update was available , which i was then able to start installing .
i use google goggles to scan barcodes , qr codes , objects , and also translate foreign aliens :p it also has an option to open images from gallery including screenshots . unfortunately , i have no knowledge of any in-app translation app . the developer should be responsible for that matter
" why " is not a question well suited for our site , as it probably is a speculative question and such off topic ( see our [ faq ] ) . although , a short technical explanation : the company building your rom decided such . " how can i disable them " would be better fitting , and even has answers : if you cannot disable them from settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , you will need to root your device . having done that , there are several apps available allowing you to " freeze " unwanted system apps . the most well-known of them is titanium backup which , as a side-effect , provides you with a powerful backup solution . another candidate for that is app quarantine root/freeze .
i do not know if there is a way to save them directly on the device , but i do know of a tool called sms backup + that i have been using almost since my fist android phone in 2008 , and before i used sms backup + , i used sms backup . this application will backup your sms messages and call log to your gmail . it puts them in to sms/calllog labels so they do not clutter your inbox , but it is a very handy thing to have all your messages backed up . especially when your wife says " i told you to get 3 loafs of bread " , you can pull up and say , " nope , see you said 30 loafs " . . . sms backup + can not only backup your sms/call log , but it can also restore them . the developer says mms is also " coming soon " . ( but he has said that for a while not , not that i am in any rush for that feature ) . and , did i mention , the app is free . even if i was able to save them to my phone , i would have deleted them 100x over by now with all the times i have done factory resets , new sdcards , etc . gmail also has way more storage available then my sim , device , or sdcard . it is also more reliable . i have never lost data stored in my gmail , but i have had 4 sdcards fail on me .
for just backing up and restoring messages , you can try sms backup and restore which backs up to an xml file on your sd card . you can use the xml file to view messages in a web browser or ms excel , etc . as well .
you can use email to save the messages from device to computer . use gmail . other solution is try vibosoft android mobile manager , it can export all data from phone to computer , but also it can send messages from pc to phone .
personalize ( lower right button on home screen ) shortcut settings running services this adds a shortcut to the running services screen to my home screen , htc thunderbolt with sense 2.0 ui
the fastest way i know is from the home screen click menu-> settings-> applications-> running services . there are some task manager applications , though from what i have read they may be more trouble than their worth as far as bugginess and/or eating through your battery quickly .
you need to get a stock rom of the same android version . in this case 4.2 jellybean , since its the base of cyanogenmod 10.1 . once you get the stock rom , you can open it with any zip viewer and get the apps you want from /system/app , then you just connect the phone via usb and adb push the apps to /system/app in the phone . be sure to wipe cache/dalvik and reboot to apply the changes . another easier way is if you have a nandroid of your last stock rom ( and its jb also ) . you can open the nandroid with winrar and get the needed apps from /system/app without searching for the stock rom .
yes , to an extent . i know there are apps that will create an ssh terminal . most likely there are other apps that can process other types of protocols . there are only few tablets that compatible with ubuntu ( at least work well with ) . the nexus 7 and/or 10 being a prime example . from what i hear , it works very well and is almost no different from the desktop version . in my opinion , from what you are looking for , i would get a nexus 7/10 and try out android os , and if it can not do everything you want it to , then install ubuntu .
this sounds to me like a similar problem i have had with duplicating images in the gallery . i fixed this by clearing the gallery data , and allowing it to rebuild next time the media scanner ran . i would suggest trying the same technique . i would imagine that whereas i deleted the data from the gallery app , you should try clearing data from the stock android music player , or failing that from poweramp . settings-applications-manage applications-all-gallery-clear data ( confirm ) . this does not delete your media itself , just the database that details where the media is . the media scanner will rebuild this database automatically next time it scans . it would be prudent to backup your phone contents before you try this .
i am pretty sure that : " wwe " stands for " world wide english " " ruu " is " rom update utility " " ara " means " arabic " ( which apparently is for " middle eastern devices" ) " ara " may mean " aramean " and since it is in the same spot that " wwe " is i would guess that it refers to the localization or language like " wwe " does , so " aramean " makes sense to me . as you can see the ruu is an executable . you will run on your computer while your device is connected through usb . the zip is usually installed via a recovery - however that is my experience with my htc evo and hero .
if you only want . zip files , there is only 2 choices . 2.29.405.5 is newer than 2.29.405.2 , so that is the one you should get .
it is an official update , so the signature should be perfectly valid . there are a couple things to check : you did not mention where you saved the update . zip . make sure it is in the /sdcard/ folder -- try viewing it via a file manager on your phone to ensure it is there . i assume you have done this already , but make sure your bootloader is unlocked . the download might have been corrupted . try the download again , and verify its validity with the md5 sum ( 3e8908941043951da5a34bb2043dd1a0 ) what is your specific model number ? perhaps this update does not work for your model . you can try this 2.3.6 for the gt-i9023 / gt-i9020t : http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/1ada25375426.signed-soju-ota-189904.1ada2537.zip or this 2.3.6 for the gt-i9020a : http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespoa/0b9c8148de0d.signed-sojua-ota-189904.0b9c8148.zip
you do not state whether it freezes up while downloading of other apps . i am assuming it does . what i had to do when the playstore froze ( halted ) on every download was as follows : 1 ) force close playstore , play services , and services framework 2 ) clear data playstore and play services 3 ) reboot into recovery 4 ) wipe dalvik-cache and cache 5 ) reboot 6 ) check the playstore again for working download i have had that happen a couple of times when flashing the wrong gapps package or by not doing a simple wipe before and after flashing . if the problem persists you will need to access your google account through the browser , not on your android , but on your pc and clear your data . i do not remember the exact steps that way , but i did find info in the help files there . the only other solution from there is to do a factory reset , just make sure you do a backup of your device before resetting . only do the factory reset as a last resort . edit : one more thing you can do is run a logcat , basically a running list of what is happening at specific times during application operation . i am not qualified to give you the right means of accomplishing that , just too much info , but i have found a wonderful write up from the xda forums on this . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1726238 this should show at what point the app is freezing and what is going wrong . good luck
ok this happens to me all the time i just go to app settings and then go to google play and them force stop and there it works
i have had many similar problems with several apps . sometimes , they say they are downloading but will not really download . make sure that you have agreed to any permissions that the kindle app asks for .
use " battery monitor widget " app from play store . it can monitor the current flowing through the battery while charging . i identified my nexus 7s charger and an aftermarket charger 's performance this way .
i have the same problem and found that the problem is the memory card . if i remove the memory card , the phone is good &mdash ; battery back up and run with out heating up .
you said you have a lot of apps . are a lot of them running in the background ? if so , they could be the cause of your issues . it could be also possible that you have a virus , or you have an anti-virus ( which could be eating up a lot of cpu processes ) .
seems like you have a battery drainer app which also heats up the cpu by holding a wakelock and using the cpu the whole time . you need to identify and remove that app . the galaxy s has a pretty nice app called " program manager " , also using androids built-in " what caused the most battery consumption " feature should help you to find this app .
i thought proprietary software can not be distributed alongside a gplv2 linux kernel which android runs on top of . no , the so-called " viral " nature of gpl does not apply to things that are merely distributed together : it only comes into play when statically linking gpl and other code into a single binary . including non-free kernel modules and non-free apks in a linux system such as android is perfectly fine . if it were not ok , this would be a problem for desktop linux distributions as well , which often rely on non-free drivers for certain hardware ( most commonly gpus ) , and non-free user-space applications ( such as skype ) .
seems like you have an android tablet without the google apis . this are devices that use android but without a google branding ( "with google ( tm ) " ) and google services framework ( google api ) to avoid paying fees to google . android itself is open-source so every manufacture can use it without charge on their devices , but if they want to have the google services like market , maps , navigation , google calendar and so an , they have to pay a license fee to google . you can recognize devices with google services based on the " with google ( tm ) " branding on the back of the device . afaik there a ways to install the google api when you have root on your device .
it might be caused by a notification set for a calendar event ( or a task , if you have a task organiser that integrates with the calendar ) . i found that if i dismissed a calendar notification , it would continue to activate but it would not appear in the notification bar ! i had to go through my calendar , look for events with notifications , and disable any outstanding ones that i found .
sometimes you need to lock and unlock the tablet to have it connect . if you are running any sort of task manager , disable it . can you post some screenshots ?
is it charging ? if not check the cables and replace them or check if the usb port is not damaged . did you try to unlock ( android device ) it after you connected it to the pc ? it wont be displayed to the pc unless you unlock it .
well . first , i deleted my exchange account . then i was able to change the screen lock settings and the change would be displayed in the settings page , but when i locked the screen , no pin or pattern was required to unlock . then i power cycled the phone . after that i was able to successfully use screen lock settings . then i added back my exchange account , and the phone continued to work fine . i have no idea what the root cause of my problem was , but it is all working now .
if you have a vpn set up on your mobile phone , the os will not allow you to remove the pin . . . i installed vpn and it asked me to secure the phone and led me to the pin settings and i set a pin . . . later , when i wanted to remove the pin , it will not allow me and it did not come to my mind that it was because of setting up the vpn . i had to completely get rid of all the vpn settings to be able to remove the pin . however , in your case , the problem is opposite but i posted this for information and this may help .
i read you post with interest as i am having trouble since updating my phone to ics and getting it to work with exchange 2003 . since updating to ics i can not change my sync settings from hourly of peak and every 15 mins in peak hours if i change the setting the next time a sync happens it get changed back . the same phone worked just fine when it was on gb so i am thinking there are a few bugs in ics what i have noted is if i put on security policy on out exchange server ( meaning i have to put a pin in on the phone ) it all seems to work fine . odd i know i am guessing that it will take a long time for google to fix this if they bother at all .
go to phone &gt; menu &gt; call settings &gt; internet call settings &gt; accounts
options : disable the default email app - settings> apps> email> " disable " remove the email account - settings> accounts> " remove the email account " i will add any other ways that i think of if i figure out other possible options to handle the problem .
this question was asked over at stackoverflow here basically , the answer is no . the os is limited to pretty much just flash_on and flash_off . though i have seen some flashlight/torch apps that have a ' turbo ' mode that makes the led even brighter ( but that is not what you want and these types of apps usually require root access ) . another workaround is to remove the back cover , put a small piece of tissue paper over the led ( make sure the paper is still big enough to be held in place with the back-cover back on ) and put the cover back on .
are there really some 2.1 phones out there that are very slow , say , using the speed of the evo as a benchmark ? yes , absolutely . i can not play angry birds on my htc hero running 2.1 because of poor performance . the game plays fine on my wife 's newer evo . my advice would be to see if you can buy an old used handset to test your apps on yourself . that way you will be able to head off any negative reviews by targeting devices where you know your app performs well .
there is a company that is working on doing this but they said they will not be releasing it to consumers , they want to go directly to oems : onskreen .
currently on the nexus-5 stock launcher the ' google experience launcher ' or ' gel ' for short , there is no way to customise the app picker / app drawer . you could install a free third party launcher such as nova launcher which i have checked and it has a ' list ' option , or apex launcher the potential downside to a third party launcher is you will lose the google now integration on the left most homescreen and the ok google functionality .
many people have that kind of problem and i have the same one . moving apps to sd card just delays a bit the problem because something else fills up the internal storage . i finally figured out and it works great . i have a galaxy tab 7 but many android devices will experience that . there are 2 important folders . the one called /data is actually not really just data but it is where android install the application apk and some of the data related to it . if you force the apk to install on sd card , it will still use some of the /data space ( small amount ) for some data . the problem i discovered is in /data/tombstone , you will find 10 files named tombstone_0# . these are debugging info collected by android . these files build up over time . you do not need that for a normal user . delete all of them . these 4 files were using 1.4gb of my 1.89gb internal tablet storage . to do so , you will need to root your device . yes , you must . and it will not explode do not worry , i have done it and many others too ! then get a program like " root explorer " to browse and delete the junk . it will request and be granted root privilege if you rooted your device before and you will be able to do whatever you want . to root your device , just google " root android my device model " and you should find quickly how to root your device . this problem is a design flaw . when there is a low internal storage , android should start a background task to clean up that junk .
i have encountered this problem with link2sd multiple times already . you can try to recreate your mount script via link2sd , reboot and then relink all your application files , lib files , and dalvik-cache . . hope this solves your problem .
often the system recreates some of the files that were previously linked to sdext2 . this often happens with libraries , but can affect other components ( apk , dex ) as well . for libraries , link2sd has a “relink all library files” command in its menu . there is also an option to do this each time the system boots . you can also look at your linked apps and see which components are still linked ( symbolized with a little arrow -> in the app list ) and manually relink components if necessary .
for those who do not use dd , appextractor supports importing contacts from a nandroid backup .
well , this took a long time . for future searchers , here 's what you can do : find your contacts2 . db file hidden somewhere in android . most of the time it is located in /data/data/com . android . providers . contacts/databases . i was lucky and found it in a search through titanium backups ' tarballs . nab that file . it has everything in it in a sql database . i then found this excellent script to extract and convert all contacts into a . vcf format for easy importing into the next device . it is located here on github and requires two dependencies ( on an ubuntu 12.04 machine in which it was written for ) : sqllite3 and libsqllite3-dev : sudo apt-get install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev  after dependencies are satisfied , save the script on github as dbconverter . sh . mark it as executable : chmod +x dbconverter.sh  use the script like this : ./dbconverter.sh contacts2.db &gt; contacts2.vcf  you will then have a lovely . vcf file for easy importing into your phone .
it seems there is a further update to the xperia mini pro , probably 9.1 is way to go , might fix up that known issue . check on the cyanogenmod page for xperia mini pro .
the default reminder time is pulled from the calendar 's settings , if you tap the event to open it in the calendar editing screen after it is been recognized by google . however , if you just tap " create event " after it is been recognized without reviewing it ( as mentioned above ) , it will default to 15 minutes . this is on a razr maxx hd , verizon , ics .
the default reminder time is actually based on your calendar . if you open your calendar , open settings , and select general settings , " default reminder time " is near the bottom ( i am working from cyanogenmod 10 , but aosp/nexus devices should be similar ) . this controls the general notification time . the now functionality is separate , and ( from what i understand ) is based entirely on travel time . if your appointment has a destination that google recognizes , it will calculate travel time and pop up a card far enough ahead to allow you to meet that travel time and arrive on time . i am not positive if it factors in your reminder time into this or not , but it is possible that it is . if that is the case , it will notify you 10 minutes + travel time currently , and if you modify the calendar notification time , it should modify the now notification time . again , this is speculation based on how i understand now to function , but i believe it is fairly accurate based on my experience .
not sure which os runs on your laptop , but android uses the wpa_supplicant for wifi authentication . if wpa_supplicant provides a way to disable the cache , you will have to configure it in the /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf configuration file .
well , that is hard to say . its either your phone , your headset or both of them . i would say : go to a shop , ask to test a new one . if they work : buy them , its just your headset . if they do not work : test your headset in another phone . if they work : it is your phone . if they do not : its your phone and you headset .
this is set in hardware , there is nothing you can do about this . you can learn more about this in http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=395c29e6b9cab6bchl=en
as al says , settings > applications > manage applications , go to app and press clear cache seems to do the trick .
im not sure , but try this app https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissionfixfeature=search_result
i do not have a 4 but i have an original 7 . you can get a reboot on the 7 by pushing and holding the power button until it reboots . so try that . sometimes you can go to the shut down menu and long press where it says shut down , but that may just be mods . but if it were me i would try those , just to try it . :- )
i found one solution : adb reboot this requires connecting the device to a computer , so it is not perfect , but it works pretty well if i just want to reboot it when i go to sleep .
in google chrome for android , go to Settings &gt; Content settings &gt; Website settings . select the website in concern , and clear the data / cache for it .
desktop and server systems have a completely different usage model , and they have system administrators to mediate access between users and applications ( by setting appropriate group permissions , etc ) . with android there is no room for that kind of thing - your biggest target user base is completely non technical , and security is a must . so things default to high security - no app can fool with another 's data . further , mobile apps tend to be small , and focused on one task , so limiting them to just their own data is not much of a hardship .
why does every application run as a separate user ? because android enforces a far stronger process isolation as traditional ( desktop ) operating systems like unix , linux or windows , while still allowing interaction between applications ( ipc is one of the strengths of android ) secured by a good security model . if it is for security reasons , so that one application cannot harm another ? it is mostly for privacy reasons , but also comes in handy from a security perspective . the strong isolation of apps in android guarantees that no app can affect another app . why is it not like that in the desktop linux distros ? most modern desktop multi-user systems have the focus on isolating users . processes are also isolated , but not as strong as on android . for example , if you install a program on linux or windows , it will have full access to your private user data . on android , if not special permission is granted , it will have only access to its own data . a while ago , the fact that android apps that request the READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission also get access to the users pictures residing in /sdcard/DCIM was a big shop stopper . somehow , nobody seemed to remember that under a normal gnu/linux or windows installation , every installed app that is run by the user has full access to it is private data . android is a few steps ahead compared to traditional operating systems when it comes to permissions and access control for normal end-users . typical linux installations for end-users do not expose those features yet . likely because nobody has written nice , user-friendly guis for them . and if there will be ever another windows version after win8 , we likely see a similar permissions system there too .
this is a common problem with parents giving their phones for children to play with . see my answer here for some related information . essentially , it is a security problem . if i take away your right to use the back button ( or more importantly , the home button ) , then you can not quit my app and therefore i have hi-jacked your phone . therefore , the only way you are going to get around this is if there some method to do this with a rooted phone . or if an application/game supports some sort of " kid lock " that might not be foolproof . developers can override the back/menu/search button intents , but i do not think they can override the home button unless it is a home launcher app . take a quick look at this search on the android market . there are some games specifically tailored to this problem that you might find interesting .
this seems pretty normal . the 8gb ipod touch is similar - ios takes a significant portion of its storage . the device itself has 8gb of storage , but any os takes space - particularly samsung 's flavor of android , which has a lot of stuff added ( which , unfortunately , they do not want you to be able to remove ) .
i am not sure whether this works as i believe broadcast settings are not stored in sim . i searched and stumbled on this htc support page where the solution is said as : i resolve problem . it is very simple . just put your sim card in old or some other phone and turn off cell broadcast info option . then return your sim in new phone . on my htc desire 500 there is no option for cell broadcast . after this procedure i do not recives messages . then , another search result says with better detail ( you may have to search for Cell Broadcast . though this not deals with your phone ( with htc desire t327w ) , i guess this seems to be a common issue with few htc phones . as per that page : 26-sep-2013 - my earlier review talks about cell broadcast messages problem faced by me while using htc desire xds . after a lot of followup with htc , i have got the steps using which the cell broadcast messages have got disabled in my desire xds . the steps taken by me were as follows for each of the two sim cards : a ) find an old phone which has an option to enable/disable broadcast channels and messages ( in my case its a samsung d500 ) . b ) insert the first sim in that old phone and go to the settings menu for broadcast messages . c ) at first the channels and messages usually appear as disabled . i changed the setting for both channels and messages to enabled in the old phone . d ) switch-off the old phone and switch-on e ) go to the settings menu for broadcast messages . change the settings for both channels and messages to disabled . f ) switch-off the old phone and switch-on g ) switch-off the old phone and remove sim card h ) do the same steps ( a-g ) for the second sim i ) insert the sim cards back in htc desire xds now i do not get any broadcast messages , its such a relief . i hope htc provides a better and elegant solution via a software update in the upgrade to android 4.3 .
as far as i know , the gmail app and the mobile version of gmail does not have any way to add filters . you will have to use the desktop/full version of gmail to create filters .
direct way , no . workaround , yes . click menu in your stock android browser or chrome , and check Request Desktop Site .
which model ? try checking from the setting menu > about device ( or your tablet ) > system updates . you will be prompted if there is a firmware update . hoped it helps .
rooting will not affect any applications that are already installed . all you are doing is giving yourself administrator rights to your phone . you will not have to wipe/reload , etc . unless you plan on installing a custom rom . if you do want to install a custom rom , i highly recommend using titanium backup to backup all of your apps and their data . also do a nandroid backup ( it is like making an image of your phone that you can restore to ) right after you root and before you do anything major to your phone ( such as installing a rom ) .
i had the same issue , mine is not rooted too , this worked : go to settings , apps , all , and then look for contacts ( not phone contacts or sim contacts , is the one that has the contacts icon ) , then force stop , erase data . restart phone to restart contacts app and it will work properly ; ) hope this helps !
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to wipe data for the contact application . there by you will reset the contact app 's settings as well as the contacts . there by you can start fresh . however , if you had synced the contacts before this step , you can again sync to get back your contacts .
there is an app that can do this , un-rooted , called droidcopy it transfers everything across via bluetooth . disclosure : i am associated with the app .
your apps will be synchronized with your google account . you can see what apps are synchronized by going to the web-based google play/android market site and going into account settings . your contacts as well are synchronized by default but to make sure , go to account settings on your phone . your pictures , downloads , and any other files you may want to transfer can be uploaded to your computer temporarily and then from your computer to your new phone . alternatively , you could do this last bit a number of ways : bluetooth : bluetooth file transfer ftp : ftp server , ftp client samba : samba server , samba client you get the idea : file transfer apps you would need to root your phone to be able to access or copy the application data to your new phone .
helium - app sync and backup ( previously carbon ) will sync all your app data , such as settings and so on : helium lets you backup your apps and data to your sd card or cloud storage . with helium , you can sync app data from your other android devices-- even if they are not on the same network [ . . . ] helium does not require root . all android users can use helium to backup and sync android applications .
offhand , it sounds like your battery is still too low a charge to actually turn on . make sure you leave it plugged in and the led is on or pulsing . do not turn it off while charging . if you are still having problems , your best bet is to contact the support team .
upgrade to 4.3 one more time from official 4.3 . zip . i had the same and that helped me .
i had the same issue with the . zip version of the ota i found on xda . what worked for me was removing the google account from settings and re adding it .
you can not remove the battery on the razr or maxx , so the magical key sequence to power off is holding the volume down and the power key for 10 seconds .
it is not a benefit or a feature per se , but rather a design issue . some devices ' hardware will not respond to hardware buttons to force a reboot , necessitating a hard power off ( ie , removing the battery ) if the system crashes . it depends on how the hardware is designed - ie , if there is a separate circuit , not dependent on the os , that a physical button can trigger to force a hard reboot ( similar to many pcs , where holding down the power button for 5 seconds will force a hard reboot ) .
that is not entirely true . when your device crashes , press and hold the power button for 10 seconds . the device will be rebooted . it works at least on my galaxy s . you should try it , too . if this method is not working , you should not blame android for that . this is the way computers work . when the kernel runs out of memory , the device is crashed . your screen is on or off , it does not matter . . the data is intact in memory ( mainly ram ) . the ram is designed such that it can hold data as long as it has power supply . it is not like hard drives , dvds etc which could hold data without power supply . when you remove battery , the ram loses its data . so , when you start the device after that , it is like a fresh start , the kernel is loaded again in ram to handle everything as usual . ( if you have problems understanding any terms or process in last paragraph , please see this question for some definitions . )
you can install titanium backup and buy the pro key . it allows to extract app backups from saved cwm nandroid backups . usage : launch titanium backup , menu > more > " extract from nandroid backup "
to unpack a yaffs2 image , you can use the free unyaffs tool , which is available as pre-build elf-binary ( for linux ) from this page at code . google . com . this page also contains hints on how to obtain the source code , so you could build the binary yourself e.g. with gcc ( gcc -o unyaffs unyaffs.c ) . i use this tool myself , it works fine on ubuntu 8.04 32bit as well as ubuntu 12.04 64bit ( with the ia32-libs package installed ) . place the binary e.g. in /usr/local/bin ( which is in your $PATH ) , so you can access it from everywhere . put the image file you want to extract in an empty directory ( unyaffs always seems to extract files directly into the folder the image file is in ) , and then call unyaffs with the image file name as only parameter , e.g. unyaffs data.img . after that , you will find the contents of that file system/image unpacked , and can investigate them -- e.g. sms/mms in data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db multimedia metadata in data/com.android.providers.media/databases/*.db calendar data in data/com.android.providers.calendar/databases/calendar.db as i just investigated a motoblur image , contacts in my case have been stored to data/com.motorola.blur.providers.contacts/databases/contacts2.db -- they are probably in a different location in your case ( a guess : data/com.android.providers.contacts/databases/*.db ) . the sqlite3 command works on them , naturally . if you prefer a graphical frontend , i can recommend you the sqliteman package ( comes with a binary of the same name , which accepts the database file as parameter ) .
what rom was it in the backup ? if the filesystem was ext4 you could mount the img to loopback like this : this is on linux btw , sudo mount -o loop,ro,noexec,noload system.img ~/mountedImageDir  then go into that directory ~/mountedimagedir and you should be able to see the directory structure in there : )
with version 1.3 , this is now an option in swype . you have to log in with your credentials ( i think you probably registered when you downloaded the beta installer ) . it gives you the option to backup and sync your dictionary across other devices using swype . http://www.swype.com/about/specifications/
boot up your phone . when it gets stuck on the logo , remove battery then place it again .
in the contacts menu do you have a menu item called accounts ? it should show which accounts are synched up and also have the option to not sync to any account . you could turn sync to accounts off here and may then be able to import contacts to phone only . alternatively you could make sure the phone is not connected to the internet ( wifi or data ) , import the contacts into one of the accounts , then go into settings and switch sync contacts off for both the accounts available .
if you root your device using one of the more modern methods , then you should have a superuser . apk installed that will prompt you before any apps are given root access . the superuser application also keeps track of the applications that have been given root access . if you do not know about rooting , there is no way you have an apps that uses root except if your phone is a second hand , and the previous owner did not wipe and reinstall a stock firmware .
( this may be os version dependant ) if you go into settings -> applications -> manage applications , you should be able to click on any app whether you installed it via the market or " side-loaded " it , and there is a permissions section if you scroll down that lists them all .
you can see the permissions of installed apps . go to Market -&gt; Menu button, My apps -&gt; select an app -&gt; Menu button, Security  there are also apps called permissions watchdog , and permissions , as per al 's comment .
the same happens occasionally on my galaxy s , usually about 5-10 minutes after plugging in . if you can handle the dev tools , you could try charging the phone from an usb port while running logcat and checking what goes on around the time the phone activates , or if the screen turns on only when charging from a wall socket you could run aLogcat on the phone while charging and then try to see the reason , but it can be a bit tricky on the phone .
i eventually tracked this down using the app " task identifier " . it is a bit awkward to use and has an odd interface , but it also has the useful feature of showing an alert if apps activate when the phone is sleeping . it turned out that the problem was the sync service from the doubletwist app , and it appears that it was indeed caused by an inappropriately-used acquire_causes_wakeup wakelock . i have e-mailed them a bug report .
i had this problem when i had sipdroid installed -- every time its connection dropped and came back up , it would turn on the screen . you could use an app like titanium backup ( requires root ) to " freeze " an app , and see if the problem stops . if it does you know what app is the problem . then uninstall it , or turn off background sync for it or something if that might be the problem . tb can uninstall system apps , but be careful which ones .
if you do not think it is necessary to flash a radio then do not do it . at least i heard that it will not make any difference to your phone storage and speed . but somehow if you have connectivity issues like dropped calls , wifi connection not searching or gps does not seem to work then surely you need to flash the radio to another version than you are using at the moment . if you want to see which radio your phone is working on go to settings > about phone > baseband version > see the last some digits and then search for your phone like htc desire latest radio etc . . note : i recommend you should read more about radio before flashing it . sometimes there is a chance to brick your phone but do not worry if you have searched enough of it you are not going to lose anything . at least give a weekend or two to search for tutorials on forums like xda , android central , google , wiki etc . . happy flashing
the radio firmware controls basic low-level functions like network connectivity , wi-fi , and gps . for several years , though , " radio " means " baseband " , and controls network connectivity aspects only , while wifi and gps are governed by os drivers , like any other devices . usually upgrading your radio will not give you any new features but will fix connectivity issues , increase range or performance , decrease battery usage , or the like . some rom 's require you to have the latest radio versions to work . while a botched radio upgrade can brick your phone , the process is basically the same as upgrading your rom . just make sure not to unplug or power down your phone in the middle , make sure you trust the person who released the radio firmware , and try to read some comments or reviews .
phone service carriers will sometimes update the firmware on your radio . for reasons unknown , improved radio firmware is not always made available to customers . the radio firmware will , through software , increase your service coverage , giving you better signal and battery life .
as a side note on radio firmwares beware of upgrading them without having seen a test of the version on your network . sometimes new radio firmwares add features for some network providers that result in worse bandwidth , disconnections and other disagreement if you use them on another network . network operators do not provide phones with such broken firmwares ( they wait for the next version or just provide the same radio firmware forever ) but if you install them yourself it is a risk you take . but if you want to use the latest firmware all the times before your network operator or phone manufacturer provide the update you may need to take this risk ( video crashed the htc desire when used with all but the latest radio rom on froyo . . . )
almost everything in the full logcat is an error . i would suggest going a full wipe of data and cache and then reinstall your custom rom . there is no way to know for sure that the part you posted in the original question is the one causing the reboot . they system rebooting may not allow the actual app that is causing it to write to the logcat . you are hiving errors in everything from telephony to the installer . it sounds like there is something in the system that is causing a problem , see if clearing the data and cache fixes it , especially if you never cleared it before switching from one rom to another . based on your comment that you have tried clearing the cache and data , i would suggest then to try and clear the battery stats . this can be done in clockwork recovery , i think there are apps in the market that can do it too , but i dont know if you can get to those as your device is rebooting all the time . if that does not solve it , i would try a different battery because if you have cleared the cache and data and also tried multiple roms and still have the same problem , then it sounds like faulty hardware .
i think it was a memory issue . i installed auto memory manager , set it on " mild " and never had the problem again .
i do not know if there is a way to do it specifically in touchwiz , but on my droid i had to install groupy to accomplish this . it works but be careful and test it out first as if you add groups and sync in the wrong order you will end up with tons of duplicates .
go to contacts . hit menu --> display options . under " choose contacts to display " tap the account ( gmail ) and then check the groups you want .
the groups tab in the contacts app shows the individual google contacts groups , including the built-in ones ( "coworkers " etc . ) and my custom groups , and they are browsable . this is on my galaxy s vibrant running 2.2 , with touchwiz .
go to your web browswer - not on the phone - use a desktop or laptop ( you might be able to do this via phone but have not checked - you would probably need desktop mode if you wanted to try ) - and go to the android market : https://market.android.com/ log in between the search bar and android market you should get the following options apps , books , movies and my library - click on my library . just under the search option you should see purchase history . click on it . you should find a list of the apps and when they installed . this will help you pick up any apps etc that are new . to see the most recently updated apps just go to the market app on your phone , go to my apps ( my downloads - depending on the version of your app market ) and it will list them in the most recent order of updated/installed - with any requiring an update at the top - scroll past these to see the last ones you updated ( if any has an error its possible it might be in the apps to update ) .
some causes and answers . . . you leave a high-cpu using app/game paused or running . apps and games can and do continue to devour battery if left running . if you are going to step away for awhile , make sure to exit out of any games or apps first ( particularly any that usually cause the phone to get warm while using ) so they do not unnecessarily become power vampires . cellular/data signal hunting . especially with lte phones , if you are in an area with bad signal the radio on the phone will continue to try to make connection and will drain the phone in doing so . putting the phone in airplane mode before leaving it for extended periods will stop the radio from ' hunting ' . too many background activities ( or updates set too often ) . twitter , facebook , email , etc . . . setting how often they communicate with their servers ( like switching from every 5 minutes to once an hour ) can make a big impact on battery savings .
use an app like better battery stats to track down the issue and find the culprit .
go to voice . google . com . top right , click on settings -> voice settings . go to " calls " tab . turn call screening to " off "
yes , there are many advantages . your phone 's usable ram memory increases from 555mb to 625mb . camera zoom is possible , but only digital zoom is available . so it is of no use . all your old apps will work fine in jb , but games will lag unless you root your phone . upgrading to jelly bean if you are in india will void warranty . there are no official instructions to update . you will have to do it manually . if you are new to android , get help from someone who has android knowledge . otherwise , you may end up bricking your phone . i would suggest you do not upgrade , because jb update for s advance will be available in india soon .
that process is called side loading ( i added the corresponding tag to your question , so you may simply click it for related questions ) . and yes , it can be done : all you will have to do is to enable the unknown-sources setting , and then access the .apk using a web browser or file manager . however : downloading apps from " dubious sources " carries a big risk , as they might include malware . chances are especially high if you obtained that file from some " sharing site " like e.g. mediafire or the like , where everybody can put everything . the risk you take that way is not worth the 99 cent saved by not buying the app on the playstore , so i would think twice before doing so . if you got the file from the developer 's site , on the other hand , it should be as safe as if installed via the playstore .
a week ago or so i started using gravity screen off .
when the power and back button failed in my rooted lg p500 , i used button savior . this app works without any restriction on rooted devices and with few limitations on unrooted . this app creates a small overlay on the screen ( which is customisable in terms of its size , visibility , position etc . ) and pressing this overlay slides a virtual buttons on screen to lock , volume up and down , back , home , search , menu , camera etc . it was indeed aptly named for as it saved my trip to service centre to shell out money on my phone to replace the keys .
same problem occurred to my fathers nexus 4 phone . we tried 3-4 soft best of them is auto screen on this soft used proximity sensor on left top just tap that sensor once or twice ( set in setting ) . . and go your phone will unlock w/o power btn . actually it also support gravity sensor but may be not compatible with nexus 4 . also works w/o rooting . .
use disk usage app . it draws nice graphical diagram with directories proportional to their size . there is a dedicated lookup option for apps too .
link2sd comes with awesome filter settings and sort size . so in filter settings choose ' internal memory ' and in sort choose ' by data size ' . this way link2sd will show you all the programs that are in internal memory in descending order of their data size .
the screen is usually the largest consumer of battery on any device , as it takes the most power to run . some suggestions i can give about battery drain is to make sure that you are turning off wifi , bluetooth , and gps when you do not need them . they are also large consumers of battery . apps like twitter , google+ , and facebook that either check frequently or receive push notifications frequently will also cause drain . you did not say you do specifically , but if you use a task killer to stop tasks from running in the background , you are probably causing more harm then good when it comes to conserving battery . this is because even if these apps are " running " in the background , it does not mean that they are actually " active " . if they are idle , they are not using any battery at all . killing them causes them to exit incorrectly , and when the device needs information from them , it now has to go through the entire process of starting the application back up . this will use more battery then if the app was just idle and responded to the request that it was asked . this restarting of the applications that are killed by task killers can also cause the " slowness " you are experiencing . there are a lot of system services that sit idle in the background , if you kill them , the os may check for these services , as they are registered to be running , and the os will restart them . this will cause memory to be allocated to restart these services , and the cpu needed to run their initialization processes . then if you have something like an auto killer , it will see the service starting and the entire process starts again . this basically never frees up the memory these services are using because they are always being restarted . also the cpu is also always doing the initialization work , and there may be some network communications going on during the start up as well . all of these will cause battery drain , and the device to appear to be running slow .
as of very recently , this no longer is possible . flash for android is no longer supported , upgraded or offered by adobe . there are hacks available for installing older versions of flash , but given the security holes this opens up , installing an expired version of flash is probably a really bad idea .
yes , you can play amazon prime videos using flash in the browser . see this thread . per the thread , you may have to remove the stock flash and install adobe 's official version from the market , as well as the dolphin hd browser . you can rent movies from amazon , which presumably use the same framework as prime videos . it would probably be advisable to rent a movie to verify it works before investing in a prime membership .
running in background does not mean the app did " unthaw " itself . to understand this , some background information might be helpful : " freezing " actually does not change the app or uninstall it . it just marks it as " unavailable " , so it no longer shows up in the app drawer etc . it should also no longer receive broadcasts . but it is still there . so if another app knows its " intents " , it could explicitly call them ­– and they would respond . this is what most likely happens here : something is placing an explicit call to it . before freezing maps , i have disabled some of its " listeners " ( i do no longer remember which ones ) , which can be done with several apps , e.g. autorun manager pro or rom toolbox pro . for me , maps no longer wakes up . i would recommend you taking a look at autorun manager ( you might check its free version first ) . as it offers both , freezing and receiver-blocking , it would be the first choice concerning this . oh , same applies for rom manager , by the way , which also offers a free version . so you have got the choice to check them both , comparing , and then deciding which one to buy – as full functionality in both cases only comes with the payed versions . ps : afair the dev of autorun manager wanted to implement a freezing method which automatically un-registers receivers . so you might want to check that one first .
as it seems you can access your device via adb , you should be able to remount /system read/write to repair that file , using adb remount  after that , you can copy the intact DroidSans.ttf to /system/fonts , overwriting the 0-byte-file . following a reboot , /system will be mounted read-only again , and everything should be working . in case that adb remount should fail with a " permission denied " , you might wish to read how to remount /system as read-write in android , which explains the manual remount process step-by-step . that would basically be : get a shell on the android device using either adb shell or a terminal app become root using su find out how and where /system is mounted , using mount | grep system mount /system read/write using the information obtained , e.g. mount -o rw,remount /dev/block/&lt;device&gt; /system ( make sure to use the device obtained in the previous step instead of /dev/block/&lt;device&gt; ) verify whether your remount was successful , again using mount | grep system now copy your DroidSans.ttf to /system/fonts either reboot , or simply remount /system read-only using the parameters obtained in step 3 , e.g. /dev/block/&lt;device&gt; /system ext4 rw,relatime,barrier=1,data=ordered 0 0 always make sure to use the device and parameters obtained from step 3 , or you might completely mess up .
i am not an electrical engineer , but i am pretty sure there is either more current flowing through a wall charger than there would be a usb charger or . . . the same amount of current which is just flowing faster from the wall than from the usb port which is why the wall charger will fully charge your battery faster . that heat is totally normal and nothing to worry about ( unless it gets hot enough to burn skin , then i would recommend not touching it ) .
are you doing a wipe ? back when i still had cm on my s2 ( i am on s4 , with stock rom now ) , i never had to wipe when updating to a minor update ( via zip with cwm recover ) . i retained my data . however , if you are updating to a major cm update , a wipe is sometimes necessary ( esp if it is a major android update ) .
as a ( partly ) automated backup/restore process seems a welcome option , i might point you to titanium backup . at least in its payed version ( i bought it long ago , so i do not remember the differences to the free version ) , it offers you automated/scheduled backups as well as restores . you can define " labels " ( effectively grouping apps ) and operate based on those , e.g. just backing up/restoring apps with a certain label . tibu let 's you diffentiate what you want to backup/restore also in terms of " app , data or both " , so you have got a bunch of possibilities . this app also has the possibility to keep a copy of its configuration on your sdcard . starting for the first time ( e . g . on a fresh rom ) , it would check for that copy and use it , so its settings survive even a wipe . you still might need to take care with " system data " , as structures ( e . g . in the sqlite databases ) might have changed . but tibu can even take care of that if you enable its " migration mode " . summing up , while this is not a nice one-click solution , it still might ease your upgrades . even across different roms or even devices ( i used it a lot for things like that , and got my apps and data from my old htc wildfire via motorola milestone² to my lg optimus 4x that way ) .
it is not an actual 30 second button , but mx player has a feature to slowly adjust forward and backward ( a full screen swipe typically does ~45-60 seconds ) , making it very easy to precisely navigate a video .
since you said you have aready use odin to flash , i think you know how to get these necessary files : bootloader , pda , phone , csc , pit . then , let 's start . force the device to the upload mode by this way : simultaneously press power button and down button . when the device is in download mode , plug odin software and flash only bootloader file ( normally bootloader file is like this : bootloader_devicecode . tar . md5 ) . after that , flash again with all pda , bootloader , csc , phone and it is ok without pit . you should use the lastest version of odin , as i am now using ver . 3.07 . please feel free if you need more help .
important : make a backup before trying any of the following steps ! usually the animation video is stored at : /system/media/video/shutdown you can rename this to something else . or delete all the files from there . if it is not there , check /system/customize/resource/ or /data/local/ may be it can be found there . in some cases shutdown animation may be handled by an apk . check under system/app if you have a Shutdown.apk or PowerOff.apk . if yes ( like in lg-p692 ) , you also have PowerOff.odex there . do not touch PowerOff.odex . in this case you can modify the PowerOff.apk . this is how : copy the PowerOff.apkto your pc use 7zip or winrar or any uncompressor software you have , to open the apk . go to res/drawable folders . you might have up to 3-4 of them like : drawable-ldpi , drawable-mdpi , drawable-hdpi , drawable-xdpi ( in case of lg-p692 , only drawable-mdpi will be found ) . there you can see some .png or .jpg files . replace those with any images that you want . if you do not want anything there you can use plain black images . make sure that you put the images with the same resolution that of the original images . replace images in all the drawable folders . after you replace those images , make sure the apk is in the same format as it was earlier , except the images that have been changed . now copy back the PowerOff.apk to your phone where it was . power off your phone . remove your battery . power on . and now test . see how this helps . tested with an lg-p692 .
you can get this information inside wpa_cli . open wpa_cli in wifi-direct interface and do a scan and scan_results as below . you will get small info about connected peer ( device address , channel , rssi etc ) . hope this works !
go to settings > screen lock> none
i think i got it . this is what i did : system settings > security > device managers disable kaspersky as device manager system settings > screen lock : swipe ( or what you want ) enable kaspersky as device manager now i can unlock the phone with one swipe . i use app protector to lock certain apps plus system settings with a different code . nb : the above names ( like device manager ) may not be 100% accurate as i am not using an english version of android . . .
yes , one solution is the bookmark sort and backup app . visit here from phone or search for " bookmark sort " on android market . ( pro version comes without ads . ) hope it helps . edit : bookmark sort and backup free and bookmark manager free on appbrain.com.
i read similar reports lately , related to titanium backup . . when it runs , it kills apps to back them up , causing the phone process to restart . if you are not running something similar , i would recommend using usb debugging and the sdk to capture log data . . known as " logcat " in the android world . oh -- here 's an easy way to capture and review log data on the device without the sdk -- is it feasible to disable the sim pin requirement to avoid the problem in the meantime ? could replace it with the android pattern lock to retain some security .
this was a problem with the routing software connectify .
i had this problem on my t101 tablet . sometimes , " forgetting " the network entry would work , but my final fix was this : i set my phone up as a hotspot and connected my tablet to that . after doing that twice my tf101 has connected to my router without fault . it is not a satisfying answer . things should not be so clunky , but here we are .
with a combination of tasker and rotation locker you can keep your auto-rotation off but create a profile that sets the orientation for certain apps .
my solution was to change the front room wifi to wpa2 to match the backroom 's wifi ( wpa2 ) which i never had a problem with . do not know why this works i cannot believe the sgs2 has less than optimum support for wpa . maybe it was buggy software . . . although i am fully updated and have been since i got the phone . ( september 11 ) i should mention this was not a problem caused by ics or fixed by the firmware upgrade as i had the problem pretty much as soon as i got the phone ( september 11 ) .
android provides the capability to do filesystem encryption , but it is up to the vendor who builds the firmware for your device to enable it for the sd card . i have only seen a few devices with this capability enabled for the sd card , though most seem to have it for the internal storage ( /data ) . typically if it is enabled , there will be a menu item in the settings referring to sd card encryption . here 's the option for the galaxy tab 2 for example :
summary the encryption of the sd card is a device-specific subject , but as far as android goes , only /data gets encrypted . android default behaviour : by " default " , for android , the encryption on the device is applied to /data only . this because all installed applications that get moved to the sd card are already encrypted and only usable at that specific device " origin " . see : apps on sd card : the details scroll down to the below paragraph security and performance implications applications on sd card are mounted via linux’s loopback interface and encrypted via a device-specific key , so they cannot be decrypted on any other device . note that this is security measure and does not provide copy protection ; android recommendation to developers : see : designing for security scroll down to the below paragraph using external storage files created on external storage , such as sd cards , are globally readable and writable . since external storage can be removed by the user and also modified by any application , applications should not store sensitive information using external storage . why android , why ? android believes that external storage is a shared thing , so , to be accessible everywhere , being encrypted would not work . see : using the external storage every android-compatible device supports a shared " external storage " that you can use to save files . this can be a removable storage media ( such as an sd card ) or an internal ( non-removable ) storage . files saved to the external storage are world-readable and can be modified by the user when they enable usb mass storage to transfer files on a computer . some vendors " act on their own " some vendors like motorola however have implemented the encryption to /data and /mnt/sdcard: what type of encryption does motorola android support ? provides file system level encryption for both internal device memory as well as sd card . encryption for device memory and sd card can be enabled separately via settings ui as well as via exchange activesync policies . device has to be protected with the password lock in order for encryption to be available .
i think i found the solution . i need to be root to move the apps .
i did also read about this . knox seems to be blocking the communication to usb devices in some cases . the google nexus 5 ( lg ) is also available now . its pretty cheap for the features it offers . you should take a look at it before you swap you device . there is also a root available for the sgs4 but it would break your warranty ofcourse : this is where i read it more about the root . only use the one from the xda-developers forum !
had same problem , did a factory restore on the phone after i did a kies backup on my pc . then reconnected the device to my pc , it found it and then restored my information from my kies back-up on the pc back to the phone .
have you tried changing the settings in System settings &gt; My device &gt; Soound &gt; Vibrations ?
no , this is not possible given how full-device encryption is currently implemented in android . the bootloader needs your credentials to perform decryption well before anything like drivers for nfc or userland code is loaded .
have you enabled the mac filter on your router ? if you have then you should disable it or enter the mac adress of your s2 in the routerconfig .
you can not is the short answer . the emulator does not support bluetooth testing at all . see the google developers post on using the emulaor the important line is near the end : emulator limitations the functional limitations of the emulator include : no support for placing or receiving actual phone calls . you can simulate phone calls ( placed and received ) through the emulator console , however . no support for usb connections no support for device-attached headphones no support for determining network connected state no support for determining battery charge level and ac charging state no support for determining sd card insert/eject no support for bluetooth
the clue is in both the graphics gpu and the cpu for emulation . the adreno 200 gpu chipset and its related driver is old by today 's standards , plus the fact , that the older armv6 devices were more or less running kernel 2.6 . xx which did not have much adreno driver integration into kernel space . this was the key change in ice cream sandwich and later , which usually went hand-in-hand with the kernels 3 . x . x where the actual driver was loaded into that kernel space for adreno chipsets , which in turn , made the gpu drawing much smoother . there was attempts to backport those kernel features from 3 . x . x back into 2.6 . xx which was a nightmare for the armv6 so all sorts of hacks were put in place to give it , more or less , a " smooth " experience for the gpu and adreno at that point . plus the fact , that kernels 3 . x . x has dropped armv6 architecture support as well ! as for armv6 , well , it did the world good and is gathering dust . i did point out about a year or so ago , that armv6 cheap smartphones will be phased out in favour of single core armv7 in that category of cheap smartphones . nonetheless , emulation is indeed cpu heavy , no questions asked , as the emulator 's running code for such a game has to be " translated " or " interpreted " for the actual cpu that the emulator is running on . might be worth trying a better emulator , i did run pokemon on the gameboy emulator , this was found in the f-droid repository , and ran ok on the zte blade ( armv6 , 512mb ram , adreno 200 ) . the only snag with such emulators like that , is you need to find the emulator rom , really , a small file that simulates the equivalence of the bios for that said emulator . plus , it is hard to find for that matter as well due to copyright laws .
i am using the latest version of drive . i know there was a big update not long ago and i see this question was asked before the update . anyway , just go to the cell/column/row and highlight it . then tap on it again . options will come up for " clear " if it is just a cell or range . if it is a row or column " delete " will be one of the options . i hope this helps .
i had this problem and even sent my arc to a service centre for repair who said it is fine . i was about to send the battery in for examination when i noticed black marks on the gold contacts . i cleaned the contacts and it is never restarted since ( in around 7 months )
you need to update your phone to the latest firmware 4.0.2 . a . 0.62 . i bet yours is 4.0.2 . a . 0.58 if you can not update the phone over ota or pc suite , use wotan to update the phone to 4.0.2 . a . 0.62 . the reboot problem occurred on nearly all se xperia models .
in my case it did not seem to have anything to do with any software configuration or combination on my phone and was purely hardware related . this is not to say that in some cases the software you may or may not have on your device would be causing a memory leak / stack overflow and causing your device to reboot as a result . i could not , and would not , believe it , but after adding a small piece of paper between the battery and the phone under the back cover , my xperia arc has not rebooted for 3 weeks , whereas before it would reboot around twice a day . once again , thanks all for the suggestions and comments . i will continue to monitor my phone , but i do not foresee any future reboots . . . related to the battery anyway . . .
have you tried powering it off and charging it for 6 hours ? if not , that should be your first course of action . if after charging it still does not power on , you may have either a bad charger or a dead battery ( or some other strange bug i have never run into ) . if you have a different charger , give that a go for 6 hours and see what changes . on my galaxy note 10.1 i have had that logo show up when i have very low battery . it will not actually power on until the battery is partially charged once you have taken the battery all the way down to zero . also , youtube : https://www.google.com/url?sa=trct=jq=esrc=ssource=webcd=4cad=rjauact=8ved=0ceqqtwiwawurl=http%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dl1jrrvcq8f8ei=3hpsu9lioiqiyasgmocwdwusg=afqjcnh9b0sbxk8q_fwhhpnvunhmlmcxxgsig2=lvcdhd3b7ilrufw4gpimqabvm=bv.71667212,d.aww
one option - if you have root and a proper custom kernel you can use something like setcpu to underclock your processor . cyanogenmod also has this functionality built in since at least cm7 , do not remember if it is in cm6 . that can be found in Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Performance iirc . without root access , i suppose you could try to run some kind of " expensive " process in an attempt to occupy cpu cycles , but its probably not the best of ideas or an accurate portrayal of a slower device .
short answer you did the right thing , and do not need to be afraid . that popup was most likely caused by some javascript on the visited web site to make you download/install something really bad . it does not mean you are infected . explanation there are a couple of things to consider . first , if the popup really said " you have a virus " , your reacting was fully correct ( and the popup bluntly lying ) : there are no viruses for android , at least not " in the wild " . i know , the term got mixed up , and when speaking about anti-virus people really mean " an app against all kind of malware " . but no serious av app would speak of " you have a virus " , as that is technically incorrect . mixing in your " fear " from the second paragraph here : exactly that is what matches a virus definition , and makes it different from all other kinds of malware : the ability to " multiply itself " . as you 100% sure have no " virus " on your device , no need to be afraid about that . for details on the above , please see e.g. wikipedia : the defining characteristic of viruses is that they are self-replicating computer programs which install themselves without the user 's consent . there you see why a virus is close to being impossible : on android , the user is always asked for his " consent " when something is installed . now for the last part : who should have caused that popup ? do you have any av app installed and active ? your question does not suggest such . so if you have no such app installed , who should have popped up that warning ? android does not do that . so the most likely candidate was a part of the site you have visited . that is rather so-called scareware trying to make you install something bad . believe me , you did the right thing – and would possibly have been in trouble if you had acted differently .
third party call apps for receiving calls via google voice have now been disabled . maybe gv will make an update to this . but with buzz about them phasing voice out . . who knows .
yes , you can . but the only gv function on wi-fi alone without some sip server help will be texting and getting voicemail just like you can also get email over wi-fi . i tried what you are doing last year just to get it to work . using a free pbx service over the internet and gv , i was able to make calls over wi-fi . you need a sip server or some voip server to ' find ' your number over ip communication . you could use skype to do that also .
you need a third-party app to recieve wi-fi calls . two popular apps are grooveip ( paid and free ) and talkatone ( paid ) . you could also set up sipdroid ( free ) , which will set up the sip forwarding using pbxes.com. or you could use a number of other sip apps and set up forwarding yourself , but that gets a bit convoluted .
the files /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/maps /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/smaps  are not universally readable by anyone , at least not in stock device . try running from a terminal emulator from inside android ( running as a regular user ) , instead of adb ( which runs at a slightly elevated privilege ) . adb runs with a lot of privileges because it is used for debugging and need to be able to access a lot of device features , that is why it is dangerous to connect a device to an untrusted machine with usb debugging enabled . and the file /proc/&lt;pid&gt;/statm is also readable in desktop linux systems .
there are perfectly good reasons why those informations are readable , and that is nothing dangerous ( writing , however , would be ) . this is inherited from the linux system android builds upon -- and i will give you a few short examples to show you the good of it : if you list contents of the /proc ( virtual ) directory , you will find things like e.g. : /proc/meminfo: this is where all apps can obtain information about total/used/available ram -- so e.g. system monitors can present these details /proc/devices: shows all devices available on the system , so e.g. a camera app can tell if ( and where ) there is a camera to be used -- or exit otherwise /proc/uptime: to show you how long the device is already running and more . nothing dangerous about knowing this -- just the opposite : to many apps these are essential information so they can do their job . now to your special /proc/&lt;pid&gt; sub-tree : again it is the system monitors ( and the task killers ) depending on this information . here they can get a list of running processes . all the details on those apps ( how long have they been running , how much memory are they using , etc . ) is to be found here . no system monitor could do without this . and again , there is nothing harmful about reading here . the maximum " bad " thing about this is any app could look what other apps are running , and what resources they are using . from a user 's perspective , we will not dig much deeper here . just one more thing to say : these informations can be very useful if you have to go troubleshooting . some of my answers even included this already . and for sure you do not need to be afraid of " dangerous leaks " just from the fact this all is world-readable . moreover , as lie ryan makes clear in his answer , not all of the information here is world-readable : some sensitive information is , in fact , protected . also keep in mind that adb generally has more privileges than any other " normal user process " . especially starting with android 4.0 ice cream sandwich ( ics ) its privileges have been increased ( e . g . to make a complete backup possible even if the device is not rooted ) , so you cannot take " access via adb " as a reference here -- but rather should check from a ( local ) terminal . additionally , risks are increased when connecting via adb with usb debugging enabled , as this again increases privileges granted to adb .
summing up results from the in-comment-discussion : starting with android 4.1 , notifications can be disabled on a per-app basis : either by long-pressing a specific notification in the notification area , and navigating from there to the app which sent it -- or directly from the android settings in apps &rarr ; manage apps , and selecting the app you want to disable notifications for : here you will find the possibility to allow/forbid an app to place notifications in the notification area . this is valid generally and for all apps , starting with android 4.1 . as with the gmail app , some apps also offer this option themselves ( which then also works for android versions prior to 4.1 ) . you find it from inside the app , when visiting its settings page ( s ) . but as said , this will vary between apps -- not all apps offer this option .
jelly bean upgrade ( 4.2 ) add support for group messaging . so , two solutions : upgrade your phone to jelly bean 4.2 . install a third party application that handles it : this one seems to have a fair number of good reviews .
i have reason to believe that this may be a bug caused when the web app has a large number of bookmarks . in System Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync i turned off Sync Web under my google account . then i went to Manage Apps , clicked the all tab , and hit the Clear Data button . this reduced the usage of the web app to 1% when in the background . when i enabled Sync Web to import all my chrome bookmarks , then disabled it , the problem showed itself again . i reproduced this problem twice .
in response to @zuul 's comment below his answer , usage of the ln -sf /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard is not the appropriate way of dealing with it , because it is a soft-link and forcing it that way , can lead to some mis-behaviour of apps who are relying on the sdcard 's mount point , by way of refusing to work with it , play store can fail in this regard . the best solution is to use this : by using busybox , explicitly bind the mount point to make /mnt/emmc behave exactly like a sdcard , i.e. : /system/xbin/busybox mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard which will show up as a mount point in the proper way , if this was a soft-link it would end up like this - /mnt/sdcard -&gt; /mnt/emmc  google play store , as i mentioned has an internal checking mechanism to see if the directory is not a link ( it will return a error of -22 iirc ) .
this app reads files from the device internal storage located at /mnt/sdcard , not from the external storage or any other location . since the app was last updated on march 4 2011 , i do not think this will get fixed . however , if you have root on your device , you can create a soft link from one location to another thus tricking the app . the command is used like this : ln -sf {target-filename} {symbolic-filename}  so you should execute : ln -sf /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard  when the app accesses the /mnt/sdcard the system will give it the contents of /mnt/emmc .
which rom ? check rom-settings -> " active display " -> then disable or settings -> display -> " active display " -> then disable i think good chances aosp handles it in either one of these ways .
use producteev with astrid . believe me , you will love this combination . i am recommending producteev because it features workspace concept which is useful for your independent projects . inside a workspace , you can categorize and prioritize your tasks too . plus , you can collaborate with others on a workspace . but , for more than two guys , you will have to pay . producteev has android app too , but it sucks ( i checked it last time few months ago ) . astrid works great when it comes to producteev sync . it is ui is clean . it supports locale and text-to-speech notification .
this is an old question but i want to vote for wunderlist - has clients for most platforms ( android , web , desktop , igadgets ) . can do all of the things op requested .
i like any . do for task sync + categories and ' do now/do later ' . the ui is pretty too . the widgets are a bit large but the app seems to meet all your criteria . the app syncs with google tasks right now . developers plan to extend sync to other services .
tasks sounds like what you want . i have used it for a while ; it is the best tasks app i have found ( and i have tried a lot of them ) .
yes , being rooted does not interfere with google play 's autoupdating , nor the update mechanism of other apps ( such as the amazon app store ) . just remember that , in most cases , rooting involves a factory-reset , so remember to back up your stuff first .
yeah they will auto update as long as you have enabled it under settings in play store . keep it in your mind though , rooting or installing custom rom will void warranty .
manually searching for networks for your indian carrier under settinga> more> mobile networks should register your sim with your network .
removing and reinstalling yahoo ! weather on my wife 's phone cured this . i guess cousin yahoo ! has a bug .
this is from the point of view of a samsung galaxy s4 . i would look at two things : timezone of phone : system settings &gt; more &gt; date and time &gt; select timezone timezone of calendar : s planner app : settings &gt; lock timezone and settings &gt; select timezone i would make sure both of them are the same . setting them manually instead of auto might be a better configuration .
it sounds like your tablet is missing the ' contacts ' or ' people ' app ( or has one customized by the manufacturer , which does not understand the same intents ) . since every oha-certified android device has it , gmail is trying to launch it without checking whether it exists , and that is what is going wrong . if you disabled the app yourself ( by clicking disable in the app 's page in settings → apps ) , then you have to re-enable it to avoid this problem . if the gmail app was pre-installed on your tablet , then this is a system integration error . you should complain to the manufacturers and ask them to release an update to fix the problem . until then , or if you installed gmail yourself on a tablet that does not support it , you should be able to fix the problem if you can find and install the original contacts or people app .
you can not remove it from the stock launcher , it is a permanent fixture . you can , however , install a custom launcher which is based on the stock one like apex launcher or nova launcher . you can also disable the google search app completely if you want to , but then you will not be able to use it at all ( also discussed on google groups ) .
on moto g the stock messaging app is an integral part of the system , and should not be disabled even if you install other sms apps . if you manage to disable it , other 3rd-party sms apps ( like textra sms in your case ) will start crashing again . instead , you can disable the notifications inside the messaging app by going to menu -> settings , and un-checking the " notifications " option :
no , you can not use a rom for a different device . the rom needs to be for the same device . in most cases , the flashing tool will detect that you are using the wrong rom and stop you , but in some cases , or if you disable the warning , it will simply brick the device .
you can install google apps any time you want . you can download a gapps package from here ( pick the one corresponding to your cyanogenmod version ) . then flash it like you did for cm10 ( no need to wipe anything ) .
just hit the volume buttons in the main screen and you should be able to move to silent mode .
there could be multiple culprits – and depending on which it is in your case , the solution is different : the camera app : try different camera apps , there are plenty good choices to select from . there might be a bug in the camera app , corrupting the file on saving it . storage : photos can be stored to internal or external sdcard . your external card could have problems ( corruption , incompatibilities – not all combinations of brands/sizes and android device work together equally well ) . removing the external sdcard should force the camera app to save its photos on the internal sdcard . check if the problem still persists . if not , your card might either be corrupted , or not working optimally with your device . you can check it for corruptions ( e . g . using a card reader attached to your pc ) , or try with a different brand ( make sure to buy only class-6 and above : better performance , less battery consumption ) .
i do not see anything in the settings . possibly you could hack the app and replace the font , or you could try another music player . lack of internationalization sucks .
it seems that the problem was the encoding that windows media player used . it uses the windows hebrew code-page ( 1255 ) . i used foobar2000 with the chacon plugin to change it to the mac hebrew code-page ( 10005 ) which seems to be supported by my phone .
if you have the red led and the device will not charge from the wall , using the original charger , then it is faulty . send it back for a replacement .
this can be achieved using tasker ( paid app ) . in tasker , the profile can defined having the following conditions . it have little learning curve , but this app can replace almost many apps . below is the sample profile , when battery > x% and wifi is on and charging is enabled enable auto sync on this is just the sample one , you can specify the condition based on your requirement . since this is a seperate topic , i would encourage you to google tasker in xda forums .
beyondpod podcast manager ( free trial , $6.99 unlock ) will play at 1.5 and 2 times speed , however you also need to purchase the presto sound library open beta ( $3.99 ) to enable that particular functionality . works well once you have done that , though .
astro player beta will go up to 2x i think . works pretty well .
today , presto entered open beta . presto provides a background service which allows other applications to play mp3 and ogg vorbis files on your android device at faster or slower speeds and/or faster or slower pitches , so that any application can have variable speed playback , as long as the end user has presto installed . developers must modify their app for presto to be used while playing audio , and i have released open source code to make that almost a drop-in replacement for the android mediaplayer . beyondpod , doggcatcher , and podtrapper have all been working with me in the course of development , so should have a version that can use presto
anennapod recently included support for variable speed playback , either via presto or it is open source implementation , prestissimo .
have you tried doubletwist ? i have been enjoying this music app very much .
there is osplay which claims to have variable speed playback with pitch control but it is $5 and it is still a pretty new app so i have been hesitant to try it .
try audio speed changer . works on existing audio files .
if you will pardon the " non-answer " . . . i wrote taffy to act as a proxy between your android device and the podcast provider . it speeds up the podcast before your podcatcher downloads it . there are several undesirable aspects to this approach ( hosting not the least among them , nor inability to change playback speed during playback ) , but i use it every day to listen to several podcasts on my droid at faster speeds . here 's to it becoming obselete soon . my droid uses beyondpod , pointed to taffy podcast feeds , to automatically download all of my podcasts straight to my handset during pre-dawn hours . i wake every morning ( and have for months -- taffy 's a pain to setup , but it is pretty smooth sailing from there ) to no-hassle , " sped-up " podcasts ready for my commute .
as of today , there is no android application that supports podcast management and variable speed playback .
it is almost certainly a new feature , as there was a software update for gmail earlier today . i have gone through the settings , but unfortunately , i can not seem to find an option to get the previous one-icon notifications . . .
i am running 2.3.5.2 and i am now experiencing the same issue . i would recommend just resetting the app 's cache , it may of just got into a muddle . settings > applications > gmail > click > clear cache
you could set up one of the accounts to read the other accounts ; that way you would only need to sync the one email account . you will still be able to send from the correct account - there is a setting to send from the main account or from the account the original email was sent to . i use one gmail account to collect the email from several email accounts ( gmail and isp ) . i set it up so can i also send email from any of the accounts . that way i only need to log into one account .
xda developer capslock66 has developed a reverse tethering tool which is the simplest yet ( and hopefully in future too ) . only requirement is a rooted phone . you can download it from here- android reverse tethering via usb it comes as a zip file with all the adb files and dependencies . once you open the application , it will do all the settings on your phone automatically for usb data tunneling . and most importantly , the good thing is it now works with any app including google play/market too . google play earlier needed a wifi , but now , it works with a reverse tethered connection too .
well , i am currently using htc sensation . htc sense provides reverse - usb - tethering which is called usb pass through . but i know that this service requires htc sync application and its drivers on computer . maybe you can take a look at flashing htc sense roms to non - htc devices or getting htc sense applications to non - htc devices . there are bunch of documents in xda developers . http://www.xda-developers.com/
an android enthusiast called mathieu carbou seems to have achieved the reverse-usb tethering issue you had like to explore , but on his nexus one , 2.2 . here is a link for the same : reverse-usb-tethering . i will not guarantee any success , though you could try it and let us know the results . : )
call support . they are really helpful . to the swedish support it is +46-1-324-4500 .
i just downloaded off widget from google apps called simple calendar . once you install the widget on to your home screen then you go to the apps area and single tap on the simple calendar icon . takes you into the settings for the simple calendar widget and you will be amazed to see how many different ways you can customize the calendar . you go into one area where you can select how many days to see on your calendar . you can even mix items from several gmail accounts .
i lost s . planner agenda when upgrading to jellybean . can not find it anywhere at playstore . just download agenda widget for android . i spent a few hours during some downtime mucking around with it , because it was addictive just working with the settings . it is free at the store . can display up to 150 lines of future dates / events . " everybody all the time " is listed as the creator . they have a paid version too ; less than $2 aud . i still can not work out the paid version benefits . i just wish they also brought back google calendar sync , it synced my home computer outlook calendar with gmail calendar , my wife 's iphone calendar , and my galaxy s2 now running jellybean .
i would try putting the " standard download " on your device at /sdcard/update.zip and manually flashing it without using rom manager ( reboot into recovery and select it yourself ) . rm does not always play nice with samsung devices .
you can root using handoko answer . i will cover the part where you did wrong . according to chainfire 3d playstore description page , chainfire 3d is ! ! for froyo and gingerbread only . not compatible with honeycomb/ice cream sandwich/jellybean ! !
how to backup i do not know . but here is what you have to do to root your phone . download adb driver installer ( universal ) from http://adbdriver.com connect your device to your computer with usb debugging mode on . ( you can do this with " settings -> developer -> usb debugging " open adb driver tool and select titanium s5 and install . download root explorer on google play . download root master from http://www.mobilepoint.us/2013/10/android-root-master-one-click-vroot.html unpack and install root master on your pc . install drivers of your mobile phone . run root master and press on the first button on the first screen . press on the middle button on the second screen . you should see just one button now . press on it . a new application should be opened now . press on the button root . when you see a v it is a success . your device is now rooted . have fun 12 .
i have had this problem with t-mobile , on multiple phones . they usually have me do a full power off and wait for my phone to fully log off the network ( not the same with sprint , but you get the idea ) . i would report the issue to technical support . it has usually means a failure on the server side , in my experience .
i do not know why , but i would first try using a different sms app like handcent . if that does not work i would try a factory reset .
you should use a third party sms client that generates a log message for every message it sends . these log messages can be read out with alogcat or catlog ( or with androids sdk adb logcat ) . this way you could prove that the message is only send once from your phone . if the receiver then gets the message multiple times this would proof that the failure is on the carrier ( mobile network operator ) side . otherwise , ff the receiver only get 's the single message , this would mean the error is within android 's sms app . try cleaning the app data and , if this does not help , do a factory reset . unfortunately i am not sure which third party sms apps provide such a log feature . i would start by checking out handcent and gosms , as these are the 2 alternatives i am aware of .
fast boot in android 2.3.5 on htc desire is found under menu settings power fast boot option is found in power
i believe the they did not make fastboot an option until gingerbread . it should be off by default so i would not worry about that step . you can check to see if it is on by turning your phone completely off and then turning it on to see how long it takes to boot up . if it only takes 10-15 second fastboot may be enabled . also , here is a painless way to root your htc desire that does not require changing fastboot : how to root htc desire ( froyo 2.2 ) without putting in a custom rom ( flashing ) ?
i am on android 2.3.3 with root , s-off and custom rom ( supernova ) and i can confirm now that the option to toggle between fast boot enabled and fast boot disabled is available . now , to properly answer my own original question , this is how you would disable it on htc desire . press menu button . tap settings . tap applications . remove the checkmark from the option " fast boot " to disable it . press home button . screenshot :
no , you cannot block that , unfortunately ! you can either switch to 2g ( which saves battery ) or continue with 3g . cannot have it both ways ! the telephony signal is deep within android itself and no way of messing with that ! not alone that , android picks up that radio signal strength from the heart of the silicon on chip ( s-o-c ) where the base-band radio firmware resides in and is off-limits and proprietary .
i had a very similar issue with cyanogenmod , i however broke my phone and got another , i was thinking it was thinking it was and htc problem at first , but with the standard os it is working perfectly . i have heard people could get it working by not syncing the address book , however that did not work for me .
this issue is very likely due to the way the ford sync system does an initial media connection to the phone . when it connects to the phone , ford sync appears to immediately send a " play " command ( similar to what a headset play button would do ) to the phone . the problem arises when you have more than one app installed that is capable of listening for these bluetooth play events . the os gets confused and disconnects from ford sync . if you have multiple media players installed ( including podcast aggregators ) , try removing them and re-installing them one by one . try ford sync after you install each one .
it seems to react on your low , internal memory . and while 178 mb should be enough for a few small apps , there might be something that denies more installation due to already low amount of space . now , the first thing i would advise you to do is uninstall any app you do not really need . however , many apps come with the phone , so they can not be removed . for these , and any app you do not want to remove , you can clear the cache . to do that , hit settings -> application manager -> slide til you see a list called " all " . now all you have to do is hit each app you want to clear the cache off , and choose " clear data " and " clear cache " . beware that the " clear data " option will likely delete any saved password or settings the app uses , and thus you might need to redo those settings . it may also delete some information attached to the app , so use the " clear data " option at your own risk . tho for apps like facebook and twitter , the option should do no harm . you can also choose to move some apps to the sd card . while i have not tried that out myself , it should push some of the stuff from internal to " external " memory . you may also want to download clean master . it is an app somewhat similar to ccleaner , if you are familiar with that ( deletes cache and junk files ) . i use it myself , and it helps a bit . it is free and you can download it here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguardhl=eng
i had this same issue . to fix go to your number keypad enter "*#9900#" you would get some options . select " delete dumpstate/logcat " this frees up space occupied by uninstalled apps
i found this potential solution . it says to download sg usb mass storage enabler to enable this mode .
it is pretty easy from kies . i recommend doing so through kies itself . just connect the s4 . on the first window , click the round shape with the folder image on it . then , drag any file you want to transfer to it .
i have been trying to figure this out for a while now and i stumbled on to your question . i tried turning off the debugging option and it did not work , but when i plugged my phone back in i noticed it flashed that it was connected as a camera . so i pulled down the status bar from the top of the screen ( sorry , can not remember what it is called ) and saw that it said i was connected and to press for other usb options . i pressed it and was able to switch modes so now i am in the mass storage mode . hope that helps , i feel kind of dumb having it be such an easy fix that i have missed for the last 2 weeks .
what you are asking for is called ums or usb mass storage . on newer devices , this often got replaced by mtp ( media transfer protocol ) for several good reasons . both protocols have their pros and cons . unfortunately , in most cases the user is not given the choice which one to use ( some devices offer this ) . however , an article at device-recovery . com explains how to connect android devices to pc with usb mass storage mode for different android versions and devices , including your s4 . i will list a basic exceprt here with no warranties : i have no s4 , so i cannot verify this . go to settings&rarr ; about phone/tablet . go to “build number” at the end of the scroll list . tap on “build number” repeatedly ( 7 times ) . on your third tap you should see message indicating that you only have 4 more taps to go to ‘become a developer’ . keep tapping until you are a developer . ( a toast message will tell you so ) now developer option will be included in setting list of yours now . go to “develop options” to check usb debugging > ok . done . according to the article , that should have done the trick . i do not see how the two are connected , and doubt it a little . as an alternative , the very same article mentions a usb mass storage apk you could try as well . for devices running android 4.0/4.1 , the steps are a little different , and sound convincing to me : go to settings&rarr ; more search then tap on “usb utilities” check the option : “connect storage to pc” unfortunately , my optimus 4x running 4.0.3 does not show that option -- so again , i cannot guarantee this will work on any device . a different approach is presented at this website -- again , explicitly for the s4: attach your samsung galaxy s4 to your computer ( pc or mac ) using the usb cable . if this is the first time you’ve connected your device to your computer , it will install the necessary drivers on your computer . on your samsung device , touch applications > settings > wireless and network > usb utilities . remove the usb cable from you samsung s4 . on your galaxy s4 touch “connect storage to pc . ” you will see a warning : “usb utilities / connect usb cable to use mass storage . ” insert the usb cable into your samsung device while the message is still on the screen . do not touch “cancel . ” the screen will change to “usb mass storage” with a picture of a green android and a message that says “usb connected . ” touch “connect usb storage” at the bottom . your samsung galaxy s4 is now connected to your computer . the device’s internal storage will appear on your computer as an external drive . if you also have a microsd card installed , this will show up as a second external drive . plenty other web ressources i have found on my search simply state : that is not possible without rooting . but it cannot hurt trying above methods : they might fail , but should not break anything .
the closest solution i have found for mac os x is to install android file transfer ( http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ ) on the computer . with this , i am able to access files on the internal storage and the sd card directly within an android file transfer window , and perform basic file management operations like copying and deleting . this app also supports some keyboard shortcuts as well as drag-and-drop to and from finder . it is not as convenient as finder itself but it is the closest available substitute i have found for this device .
yes , the phone should behave same as without physical keyboard until you open the physical keyboard which will cause hiding the virtual one .
the correct build was here . it is listed in incremental updates 2.3.6 - 4.0.3 .
my baseband is ever so slightly different from yours : it is i9020xxki1 ( i think ; it is hard to read ) . i upgraded by following the steps at http://www.androidcentral.com/how-manually-update-your-gsm-nexus-s-ice-cream-sandwich ; i am pretty sure that you can not go wrong doing the same . at worst , your phone will refuse to install the thing .
you can remove purchased apps by going to amazon 's website and viewing all of your apps . there is an option under Actions to Delete this app , which will remove it from your account . if you want it again , you will have to repurchase it . this feature has been available for quite a while now ( not sure when they added it ; obviously after you asked the question ) .
afaik , you cannot remove items you have " purchased " from this list . it keeps them on the amazon side , not on the device . i have wiped all data from my device , and once i reinstalled amazon app store , all of my purchased apps appeared in the list .
i would try clearing the data for the amazon appstore via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . you will have to log into it again and whatnot the next time you open it , but hopefully that will do the trick .
as of today i do not think this is possible . you can however find the list of items on the amazon website . log in to amazon , click the " your digital items " at the top right of the page , click " your apps and devices " . from there you can see all of your app purchases . maybe some day they will allow removing from the list .
in order for the htc hd2 to run android , the device needs to have a custom bootloader running hardspl and radio version , which means your device is already unlocked . as for the device been rooted , 99% of the android versions on the hd2 are rooted .
90% chance - no , 10% chance - yes . the android operating system is designed specifically for each device , which is why different phones get platform updates at different times . you are at an advantage starting with an htc phone , as they build several android phones . your best bet is to find an unlock process for an htc phone as physically similar to yours as possible ( physical in terms of hardware ; processor , memory , etc . ) . if this does not work , chances that you will get anything to work is slim .
depends on what you are talking about pop up ads . if you are talking about the full screen ad , often for another game , that pop up when you go to the main menu for example , then no , i do not get any ad since i have purchased the double coin bonus . if you are talking about the push notifications that warn you about daily challenge and new events , purchasing something does not remove it , but you can turn them off in the settings ( Reminders ) .
thought of using tasker ? i use it the other way . when ever i plugin my headphones , all volumes should come down irrespective of what ever value it was before . i use tasker to detect inserting the head phones and used an entry task to being down the volumes . i could not succeed sorting the volume levels before bringing it down so that i can restore them back in an exit task . hence i restore them to a predetermined levels in the exit task .
do not mix things here . from your posts it looks like you have entered your sims pin to often and need now to enter your puc/puk . this has nothing do to with your androids phone lock . in germany it is common practice to receive the puk together with the sim card . if you have no puk you can only ask your sim provider for the puk or a new sim . i am not aware of any other method to unblock a blocked sim .
you have misunderstood your operator . there is no such thing as jacket for the phone . either you misinterpreted the support guy , or he is just incompetent person . if you have locked your phone you have two options : official phone manufacturer representative can help you with resetting the phone to the factory state . if you do not want to mess with official support ( sometimes it is a waste of time ) , you can try to unlock your phone manually using just usb cable and commercial software tool ( davinci , for example - i have used they service couple of times ) . if this will fail you can always fall back to the option one . please note , however - trying to unlock your phone manually you can lose your warranty .
open the S Voice app , and open its settings . you should be able to change it via Set wake-up command . here 's the setting from my samsung galaxy s4:
the " set wake-up command " you mentioned ( via s find-> wake ) , is just a help file on the actual commands . if you go to the following , you can change what the note 3 responds to on the lock screen : settings -> device -> lock screen -> wake up in lock screen -> wake-up function x ( note this is just the lock screen when the phone is set to swipe mode , not while it is asleep . neither does this affect s voice , but you can still do some cool things . )
i have found some numbers on opera 's website : they claim that mini compresses webpages by " up to " 90% , turbo compresses them by 80% .
the general rule is to make sure you touch your device with your stylus first then rest your palm , it helps big time . unfortunately , i have not seen an app with a dead area , but that means its not the " whole page " . samsung are the leaders for true stylus technology on android with their new galaxy note phone/tablet which may be the best choice for this kind of thing . may i ask what stylus you purchased ? i have not seen any with pen-precise writing , it does not seem possible with the capacitive touch screen when you compare it to samsung 's stylus tech with pressure sensitivity and separate wacom sensor .
one of the three incredibles we own had the same problem . it too was running miui . i found this thread on the miui forums . after changing the build . prop file as indicated in that thread the problem went away . edit to add the following information : http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/447517-stop-update-notification.html changed these lines to this : do not try to parse ro . build . description or . fingerprint ro . build . description=3.26.605.1 cl264707 release-keys ro . build . fingerprint=verizon_wwe/inc/inc/inc:2.3.4/grj22/222219:user/release-keys end build properties it is really just the " build fingerprint " that matters as you can see . if the miui is referencing an older version of android then the carrier will keep trying to download the latest android update . that is where the data download is coming from .
having two monitoring programs point to the same nondescript process is frustrating . just to verify , does miui 's built in traffic monitor ( "monitor " icon on your homescreen ) show the same thing onavo and my data manager ? in the likely event that it does , the most simple ( and time consuming ) answer is to systematically disable every single app until you identify the culprit . you would need to make sure to disable only one at a time then monitor traffic over a set period of time to look for a change . for most roms this means completely uninstalling apps to disable them , but miui 's monitor app also includes firewall settings that allow you to disable data to specific apps on the fly ( including system resources like android system and download manager ) . i suggest working through the entire list even if you find a result earlier on . you might also consider connecting to a wifi router and monitoring your phone 's traffic using the router 's firmware or other network software . if you can identify where all this traffic is going it might give you a clue as to which app is requesting it all .
this might be of some help . because i had a similar problem on my 3g . there must definitely be a feature called as " background data " somewhere in your accounts and sync settings . make sure it is disabled . what this does is gives access to your apps to contact their servers and download data in the background , without your permission . this reduced my 3g usage considerably . second thing you might want to try is , disable automatic update of all your apps in your phone . this is even worse and uses a lot of data . third and the most safest of all , turn your wifi or 3g off when you are not using it .
you can right click by using 2 fingers at once . this is the same for microsoft 's rd client app for android as well .
cwm stores its backups in special folders below &lt;sdcard&gt;/clockworkmod/backup . folder names reflect the times the corresponding backups where created , e.g. 2013-02-01.00.28.49 . in those directories you should find the nandroid images . if you place yours there , cwm should find them . alternatively , you can also use apps like nandroid manager * root or appextractor to restore individual apps/data from your nandroid backups . note that when you have used twrp to create those backups , this uses different locations , as you can see in the screenshots of nandroid manager .
when you are performing a full factory reset , it wipes most of your internal storage , and most likely it is also wiping the backups that you are creating . if you want to restore from a backup , make sure that you create that backup somewhere on the externalsd or move the file over to your computer before you perform a factory reset . this is why you can never find the backup after factory resetting . you are essentially deleting it right after you create it .
maybe this is too late but i will post it for future refence for those who end up here and encounter the same problem like i just did . after wiping everything and putting the backup back on the sd , i had to reboot the phone in order fo cwm to recocnize the backup . when i had put the back up into the sd from the pc while in cwm , it would not recocnize the backup and the same error msg popped up .
are you talking about the backside speakers ? suddenly mine was not working too ( the front one still did though ) and i just rebooted my phone :p and it worked again . maybe you should try that . : )
i had a similar issue with my wife 's galaxy nexus . no sound through the built-in speaker in regular call mode . the other party could hear her , so the microphone was ok . the speaker worked in loudspeaker mode , but not regular . headphones also worked properly . what fixed it was removing the battery and leaving it off for 5 minutes before re-installing and rebooting . i would tried numerous reboots previously and they did not help , nor did a quick battery removal and replacement .
if that does not work , i have written an app to help with these issues . it is called soundabout .
i just saw this googling around , maybe it could be of help to you : okay , i had the exact same problem . my speaker suddenly stopped working even though the ear phone plugin was still working good . i also found that sometime the sound came back but it is very weak , barely audible . and then it would disappear again . what i did to fix the problem is to open up the n1 , disassemble instruction is on youtube . open the the 3 screws to remove the board with the attached speaker from the main board . clean up the speaker attachment surface really good . then reassemble the backboard and its speaker together . then the sound came back loud and strong . my guess is that the contact of the speaker could get dirty and limit the electric supply to the speaker hence it did not work properly . by cleaning the surface i helped to get the current going again and the sound came back . hope that this could help someone since this problem had driven me insane for a while . i found this on the following website : http://www.nexusoneforum.net/forum/nexus-s-general-discussion/12468-external-speaker-not-working.html . cheers , and i hope this helps .
it should be possible to do what you want . try this : pair both of the devices with your phone , then go to settings -> wireless and networks -> bluetooth settings , and long-press on the paired device and select " options " . from there you can choose which service you had like for this particular device .
i have not tested this specific case myself . the answer might depend on what you might want to do with the mic-only and speaker-only bluetooth device . how multiple bluetooth devices work with a single android phone : the android phone provide you with two types to bluetooth profiles to connect to - phone and media . long press on the device listing in the ' bluetooth settings ' , click on options and you can select which profile your bluetooth device should connect to . the mono hands-free bluetooth headsets can connect to just the phone audio . the mono headset 's options in android will not even list the ' media ' profile . the stereo bluetooth headsets can connect to both phone and media profiles . you will find both ' phone ' and ' media ' options for stereo headsets . an android phone can be actively connected at a time to maximum of 2 devices . one device ( device1 ) will be connected to the ' phone ' and the other ( device2 ) will be connected to the ' media ' . all your phone calls will be routed to device1 and all your music will be routed to device2 . but 2 devices cannot be connected to the same profile at the same time . i have tested this with my 2 stereo bluetooth headsets . your request : connect a mic-only and a speaker-only device to the phone at the same time . what will not work : if you want to use it in a phone call so that you can speak through the mic-only device and hear through the speaker-only device , it will not work . only one device can be connected to the ' phone ' audio at any point of time . for both devices to work together in a phone call they should both be using a phone audio which is not possible . what might work : a mic-only device to ' phone ' audio and a stereo bluetooth headphone to the ' media ' audio might be possible , since both these devices would be connected to 2 different profiles . caveat : i do not know if a mic-only device can be connected to an android device , in the first place . since devices can either connect to the ' phone ' profile or ' media ' profile and both require speaker output at the other end , i am not sure how it would work . i am specifically curious about how a phone call would work when a mic-only device is connected to the phone profile . may be android would receive audio input from the bluetooth mic and send the audio output to the phone 's speaker . maybe android will show a different profile for the mic-only bluetooth device . the problem is in android i do not see a place where one can choose ' audio input ' and ' audio output ' devices like we do in a desktop os . mic-only bluetooth devices are used with cameras as shown in this video . i do not know how they would connect and work with android devices .
do these : download flashtool ( i did from 4shared ) . turn on usb debugging turn on unknown sources install flashtool in C: drive . extract doomlord 's zergrush tool in C: . download both the kernels and first paste first one , which is 4.1 . a . 0.562 in firmware folder of flashtool . switch off phone . start flashtool , select flash icon , select flashmode . when window gets open , double click on the kernel name . when prompt window open , connect your phone pressing volume down key . make sure that your adb drivers are installed , then flashing will happen . disconnect phone when completed and restart it . after 15 second ( even sony logo will not be shown , only backlight ) , connect phone to system . wait for the adb drivers to be installed . go to where you extracted your doomlord 's tool and double click runme.bat file . wait for around five minutes until it says done . disconnect phone and remove battery . replace the kernel in flashtool firmware folder with 4.1 . b . 0.587 . open flashtool and click flash icon . doubleclick kernel file then connect phone in flashmode . disconnect phone when flashing completed . disconnect phone and restart it . your ray is rooted now . then install clockworkmod by using cwm installer.exe from the same system . enjoy romz . . .
in honeycomb the option is in Settings -&gt; Location and security . in ice cream sandwich it is at Settings -&gt; Personal -&gt; Security -&gt; Encryption . if you are wondering about how android does encryption , take a look at this : http://source.android.com/tech/encryption/android_crypto_implementation.html naturally encrypting and decrypting requires some overhead , but i would not expect it to be too bad . undoing encryption does require a factory reset , so if you are doing it " just to try " you may want to do a backup first . if you are worried about security then i would definitely advise you to use it .
i have had similar problems with mine - and i heard that it is a design fault in this particular model . it is incredibly inconvenient . i am returning mine to the supplier , as mine constantly drops the wifi signal , which is just no good at all . i will be claiming a replacement or full repair in terms of the sales of goods act 1979 which states that the goods must be fit for purpose ( which mine is not ) and free from minor defects ( which mine is not ) . this is in terms of trading standards duty of care legislation . hope that helps .
you should be able to use the latest cwm or twrp custom recovery with your device . source : install android 4.4 kitkat on galaxy tab 2 7.0 using cm11 custom build update #1: xda has a thread for custom recoveries for the p3110 . it says that only cwm supports kitkat for that tablet .
on my s4 one day the icon for toggling between cameras simply disappeared . after reading the above answer and the other replies not being of help , i just stated digging around . sure enough what i cound was while in shoot mode i hit the menu button left of home and it listed only " change icons " or something like that . up came a screen if icons one of which was the change-camera icon that had gone away ! just like any desktop icon , holding it down and dragging it to the location i wanted it in was the trick .
open pre-installed camera app and tap this icon to switch cam : same icon is found in camera360 ultimate ( my fav ) to switch cam . front-facing cam is automatically activated during video calls over 3g ( if you are using pre-installed dialer app ) .
it could be your number being " blacklisted " on your wife 's phone . there are a lot of apps on the playstore offering this feature , and some android versions can do so on their own ( just configure the contact in your contacts list correspondingly ) . so here 's what you could do : check with your sim card placed in some other phone ( if that option exists ; at least here in europe we can move the sim card around ) . your call should be still blocked/routed to voicemail then , so you know the issue is not with your phone ( e . g . dialing some prefix/postfix ) check your wife 's phone for installed apps like advanced call blocker etc . check your wife 's phonebook ( errm , or let her check ; ) for your record there and see whether it is blacklisted . if unsure , just delete it temporarily , then call her again . at least cyanogenmod lets you manage a separate blacklist . with cm , it is found in the call settings . check whether your number made it into this place . if the problem still exists , repeat step 1 . with your wife 's phone ( again , if possible ) my guess is either 2 . , 3 . , or 4 . will reveal the cause .
google goggle app can help to upload a image google search by image app open google image in your default or chrome browser 1st method type filetype:gif [ your query ] or inurl:gif [ your query ] then tap search result will be in . gif format 2nd method open google image in your default or chrome browser then tap more > type > choose animated
sms is tied in with gsm telephony standard , so the answer to your question is no . but what you can do , is use viber , whatsapp to send something similar to sms ( not the gsm variety ! ) to each party provided they have the appropriate app installed .
yeah , you need to install the facebook application , since it adds the option on the drop menu . then follow this instructions after you installed it correctly : tap and hold an image the screen will change to be possible to select multiple images select the images you want to post on facebook hit share on the bar then facebook
there is no built-in functionality to set the password via the command-line , neither from a shell on the device nor from adb . you can not even achieve this by pasting the stored password into the secure settings file from another device . the password is not stored as plain text , but rather a cryptographic hash of the password is stored . this hash is generated using the password and a salt value : a random number generated once on the device . hashing the password prevents someone from stealing your phone and finding the password . this is important not just to protect the password itself ( in case you use the same password for other things ) , but also because the password is used to encrypt the device 's key store , and as part of the full-device encryption feature . salting the password with a device-specific salt ensures an attacker can not use a rainbow table to determine the password . ( a rainbow table is a list of every possible hashed password , which one queries to find the original password given the hashed password . the technique allows naïve password implementations such as windows 95 's to be broken in less than a second using a normal desktop computer . ) in addition , the code that updates the stored password when you change it through the gui has other side-effects . as i have mentioned , the password is used to encrypt the device 's key store , which can be used by all apps on the device to store credentials securely . changing the saved password without updating the key store would result in the stored credentials being lost . in addition , if full-device encryption is used , changing the saved password without updating the device encryption key would result in all storage becoming inaccessible . to achieve the functionality you want , the easiest way would be to patch a custom rom to export the functionality that the settings app uses to change the password , and add a command-line program that can change the password in the same way . it might even be possible to hack up an app that can do this using reflection to get access to the un-exported functions , but the app would still need root , and it would be specific to the rom ( and maybe even the version of the rom ) on the device . the relevant code is here if you are interested .
i just figured it out . it is a hack , but it worked ! if you go to your phonebook and go to the ' groups ' ( past phone , favorites , contacts , etc . . ) you will see a list of groups including ' frequent ' . click on that , and then the menu on the top right ( three dots ) includes an ' edit smart group ' . you can set the number of contacts to 1 and make it count by inbound rather than outbound ( or vice versa ) . either way , it will remove most of the contacts . hopefully the one that is left is ok .
up to android 4.0 it was very simply possible to use frequently called remover , but google has changed android api . . . now there are methods to clean this list , but not every may work in your case ( maybe no method will work on your phone ) . . . 1 . enter contacts/groups/frequent , then press menu and select " remove from group , ( untested ) 2 . phone/call history/ press menu and delete call history ( untested )
open the facebook app and tap the top left main menu in your sidebar . scroll to the bottom and select Account &gt; App Settings &gt; Sync Photos . choose Don't sync my photos . source .
android applications are distributed as ' apk ' files . this is basically just a standard ' zip ' file with a different file extension . if you change the extension to ' zip ' you can simply extract the contents of any app . in your particular case the icons will be inside the ' res ' folder in one of the folders that have ' drawable ' in their names . they are standard ' png ' files .
i had a similar problem on cyanogenmod and it turned out to be broken permissions . i tried the following which worked in the shell only for whatever reason . you need to be rooted and have adb installed . the following commands mount the system partition for reading and writing , copy stock bootanimation zip ( change location , or skip ) , copy custom bootanimation zip to data/local , and ( re ) applies correct permissions to media folder and zip files , and finally reboot ( if you want ) . if you want to restore to stock , simply delete the data/local version . if you want a new one , replace it while keeping the system/media version intact . you can also create your own bootanimation using this guide from xda .
as suggested by aditya somani try charging by switching off . try changing the charger or the usb cable of the charger . charging via pc takes time and drains faster
i think what matters most is the amperage of your charger . if you are plugging your phone into a computer then it is limited to 500ma . a charger for the s3 will typically provide 1a to 2a i believe . one more thing which may be going wrong is battery hogging applications . if you switch your phone off and then charge , by how much does your charging time lessen down ?
what aditya somani say is correct . the amount of amperage your charger has will determine the charge speed . however , turning off things like wifi , lte and probably even the whole phone will make the charge go faster . for the wire-in-phone first thing , i believe that is a myth . i have heard it for computers and mobiles alike , but never found a reason to exactly why . my education in electronics might be vague , but no matter what you say , the charger will not charge before it is connected to power , and thus it should not matter if you connect charger to wall or prone first .
try the olimex olinuxino a10s - https://www.olimex.com/products/olinuxino/a10s/
while weird as to why do you hear that sound , you can look for it with a free app : explorer by speed software available from google play store : download and install the app open an browser your system to : /system/media/audio/ui listen each file there to identify the one that corresponds to the sound you hear if you are able to identify it , you can then buy the root explorer by speed software available from google play store . ( 3.59€ ) . with this version you can delete files , thus deleting that audio file or replace it with an empty one to avoid issues with the system , but remove the sound anyway .
as you state you do not even need " that app " , here are two approaches to keep it from eating your battery : disabling the app go to settings → apps , select the " all " tab scroll to the app in question ( in the current example , google+ ) tapp its entry to open the details tapp the " force close " button to end all its processes optionally , tapp the " clear cache " and " delete data " buttons to free some space on the device if you see a button labeled " uninstall updates " 1 , tapp it . the button will then rename itself to . . . tapp the " disable " 1 button 2 the app should no longer start itself now , and thus not eat any battery anymore . if you need it back at a later point in time , it is still listed in settings→apps ( though it might have been moved to the very end of the list ) . opening its entry should show a button labeled " enable " now , which speaks for itself . keep the app from running when you do not need it on the playstore , you will find an app named greenify . this can be used to automatically " hibernate " an app when its not running in foreground . though greenify is delivering its full potential benefits only with " root powers " , it can do many things already without . if its free version cannot deal with the app in question ( google+ here ) , you might need the donation package ( for ~usd 3 ) , which has additional ways to force apps into " hibernation " . greenify : start screen , app analyzer ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) 1 if you have none of the two buttons , but an " uninstall " button , it is no system app : simply uninstall it . 2 note that not all system apps permit this ( button is grayed out then ) .
25% battery in 6h for a smartphone is good . a smartphone battery typically last less than 24 hours . if you want to maximize your battery autonomy disable automatic sync disable wifi , gps , bluetooth use minimum brightness for the screen . the screen is the bigger battery killer .
in google+ app , go to Settings -> [ your account name ] -> Location Sharing and disable it . in my personal experience , this is by far the worst offender in terms of battery drain . if you have automatic photo backup enabled , you may want to restrict this feature to only when the phone is on the charger by going to Settings -&gt; Auto Backup and enabling the While charging only option .
as far as i know , they are simply picked by google 's staff . i would assume they look for the general indicators of a quality app ( good ratings , lots of active installs , etc ) but popular or otherwise well-known developers probably have a leg up regardless . google has never really come out and said " follow these guidelines " , possibly to reduce people trying to game the system , similar to how they do not release their full page rank algorithm . however , i can definitely say that it is not possible to purchase your way into the featured list . google 's android market developer help page notes specifically : featured and editor 's choice apps are chosen by the android market editorial team . there is no paid promotional spots or advertisements on android market . technically speaking , the only restriction i have seen is that your app must have a properly sized " featured " image to be used on the " featured apps " area . aside from that , google has been very mum about the process .
i use foxfi on the phone , and you have to install pdanet on a tablet ( i am using galaxy s4 with galaxy tab2 ) . works at about 1mbps . no root needed .
following @shadow 's suggestion i have googled a bit more . . . turns out that android > = 4.1.2 prevents you from using tethering if you are served by a virtual operator ( as i am ) . this is a nice post http://albertomilone.com/wordpress/?p=581 explains pretty well the situation and propose a solution based on iptables . edit looks like this problem is solved with android 4.4.2 as stated here
do a general reset all will be well . if you still have trouble , do a factory reset by holding the volume down and power buttons as you turn phone on .
google chat/talk sessions can be recorded and saved to your gmail account using a gmail setting . from google 's chat support pages : changing your chat history settings you can adjust your chat history settings in gmail at any time . chat history for google talk is only available to users who are signed in with a gmail username . from gmail : sign in to gmail . click the gear icon at the top of any gmail page , and open the chat tab . from the chat tab : select ' do not save chat history in my gmail account ' to disable chat history saving , or , select ' save chat history in my gmail account ' to enable chat history saving . click save changes . keep in mind that if you have disabled chat history saving , people you chat with may still choose to save chat histories in their gmail settings . if you would prefer that someone you are talking to does not save your chat , you can take the conversation off the record . if you are talking to someone who is connected to the network with a desktop chat client , it is possible that his or her software is keeping a separate copy of the chat history .
while inside the chat if i tap on menu i see an option to stop to save . . . ( i do not now the exact text in english . maybe you selected that menu ? or did so the person you are chatting with ?
this post from xda-developers will help you if her phone is rooted .
yes . its because they are google branded devices . google only develops android os for devices which is under google brand . i.e. compatible with those google devices hardware . other phone manufacture will create similar os versions for their devices with different user interfaces and with more/less add-ons and functionalities . or they just port pure android open source code to their device ( pure google experience ) . and also there are so many custom os available . and you can flash it in your device ( in your own risk ) .
yes and no . there are nexus/google devices that are nevertheless branded by the carrier and therefore receive a different rom then the stock rom . this usually takes longer then the stock rom . but yes , besides of that , the google manufactured branded devices are the only ones who receive the updates directly from google . all other devices get their updates from the manufacturer and/or the carrier . oh , and the nexus one will not receive android 4.2 ( officially ) . plus , no one gurantees you that your non-google device will get the latest android version . that is a big advantage when buying a nexus device : it will be up to date for a while .
installing cwm recovery cwm recovery for the thinkpad tablet can be found on xda . you need root on your tablet to install cwm recovery . download the recovery image ( recovery.img ) and follow the instructions provided by the post . it basically comes down to pushing the image file on the sdcard and overwriting the boot partition . push the recovery image to the sdcard adb push recovery.img /mnt/sdcard/  get root adb shell su  remount /system and backup install-recovery.sh ( optional ) mount -o rw,remount /system mv /system/etc/install-recovery.sh /system/etc/install-recovery.sh.backup  overwrite the boot partition dd if=/mnt/sdcard/recovery.img of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p1  entering/booting cwm recovery on the thinkpad tablet shut down your thinkpad tablet press the power button until the tablet vibrates keep pressing and releasing the volume up button until you see Booting Recovery Kernel Image in the upper left corner . it is all about timing of when the volume up button is pressed . that is why it is a good idea to just keep on pressing and releasing the button until the message appears .
if i understand correctly , you want all devices under one account . all tablets and devices must be under one google account . so whatever e-mail you use personally on your mobile , use that same e-mail/google account for your kids ' device . example : if your e-mail , let 's say , for example is dad123@gmail.com, all devices must be connected to that google e-mail account . so use the e-mail you use google with , for your kids too .
it looks like the easiest way to fix this is to add albumartist tags to each album .
found a few options . the easiest seems to be : quicksettings ( free , works on an unrooted droid , including optimus v , reviewed here . ) . it did reveal the wifi hotspot setting so i could turn it on , but it did not work . after more investigation this seems to be a limitation of virgin mobile ( not allowing tethering ) . k
you can use pdanet to do bluetooth tethering .
clockworkmod tether works for sharing your phone 's connection with a pc , even if your carrier blocks tethering , without root .
according to usb host diagnostics , no . related post : how can i determine if my device has usb host mode ( otg ) support ? what is the difference between usb on-the-go ( otg ) and usb host mode ?
you do not use adb to connect to a device when it is in the bootloader menu : you need to use the fastboot command instead . that is why it is called " fastboot mode " ! not all phones support fastboot: in particular , older htc phones use a proprietary protocol called hboot instead , but i think the newer ones support fastboot .
i figured that out after an hour of searching with different keywords . i would been out of the rooting game for a while , got confused between the two . fastboot in bootloader mode did work . adb does not work in bootloader . thanks for the answer dan , much appreciated .
try to install greenify . it helps you identify and put the misbehaving apps into hibernation when you are not using them , to stop them from lagging your device and leeching the battery
install kies and connect your phone with usb cable . then go to backup/restore and you can easily backup your important data from there .
not possible if screen is locked . . .
first to the recovery : samsung phones that use odin have their recovery image as part of the kernel . you should flash the cyanogenmod zip file , and that should flash the cwm recovery . alternatively , you could flash the siyah kernel , which comes with a modified cwm touch recovery image . now to the ext partition : make sure that the ext partition is primary , and also ensure that your rom has ext support - you should ask on your rom 's forum post/website to check if it does . if it does , then it could be an issue with the mount script , if it does not well we know what the issue is now ; )
finally found the solution . you have to fix the card first ( which also means you can get back any data on the card ) . on a windows box i ran chkdsk . start -> cmd -> chkdsk e : /f then set the partition up as fat32 , a 32gb partition . i did this on an ubuntu box , for no other reason than that is my normal os . after popping the card back in the phone it was picked up and is being reported as 59.43gb i tried a few things before i found the solution : http://exceptionallyexceptionalexceptions.blogspot.co.uk/2012/12/s3-mod.html
most newer android tablets provide both wifi and wifi+3g variants . if a tablet is wifi only - then yes , the tablet can only access the internet via a wifi hotspot/network . if a tablet has 3g capability as well , then yes - a sim and data plan would be needed to use the 3g functionality , but not required to use the tablet . the benefits of using a 3g model would be that you always have an internet connection , even if there is not a wifi network available ( as long as your mobile network has coverage where you are ) . the 3g system in tablets is the same as in phones - except that most 3g enabled tablets do not have the ability to make voice calls , or send sms 's - they are limited to using only the internet through the 3g network . 3g tablets are more expensive than the wifi only models - mostly costing in the region of ~£100 more , however the benefits can be rather useful - especially if you would be using the tablet out and about alot . however , if you possess an android device as well , then you could just purchase a wifi only model , and use the portable hotspot feature of your android phone to create a wifi network that the tablet can connect to , to use the 3g internet of your phone . so , in conclusion : 3g tablets can be connected to the internet practically everywhere 3g tablets can cost around £100 more than wifi only varients wifi only varients can only access the internet when a connectible wifi network is present a sim and data plan are needed to use 3g data on a 3g capable tablet - this will cost extra 3g tablets are ideal for those that will be taking them out and about with them , and would need an internet connection while they are out and about with their tablet wifi only tablets are ideal for those that would only be using the tablet indoors that has a wifi network available , or for those that wish to to the wifi hotspot feature of their android phone .
you can go to the play store and click My Apps and then All
it has to do with the resolution you are trying to play is too high to play in normal mode and hence the blank screen . anyways rather than using google chrome for videos i would recommend mx player which is a very capable media player and supports most videos .
if every video behaves this way , it could be a bug in the display driver for your tv stick . when a video plays full-screen , the video decoder writes the decoded video directly into the framebuffer , a special part of memory that holds the image being displayed . when a video is played inside another window , it instead uses an overlay , which is a way of combining the video output and the rest of the screen . if playing videos works fullscreen but not inside another window , this could be a symptom of a error in the part of the display driver that handles overlays . you could check with the manufacturer to see if an updated rom fixes the error .
i got this some time ago , and even after deleting all of messages ( i back them up to my gmail ) i got the same thing . the problem was that when the internal memory fell below 22m or so ( i forget exactly ) , this message appears . the sms themselves take up very little space , so deleting them had no effect . you may also be suffering from this bug , as i was , which it is important to know about : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=4991
sms messages are stored in your internal phone memory , usually in this location . /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db  also , if you installed some apps , by default apps are usually installed to the internal memory unless you have specified otherwise ans you are using froyo or higher or some other variant of apps2sd etc . you can use an app like sms backup and archive sms to your gmail account or an alternate sms app like gosms which has a provision to backup/restore sms from the sd card . as an aside , try freeing up some space by moving / uninstalling apps that you do not require and clearing up your browser cache and app data from other apps . an app like cachemate might help if you are rooted .
i have a similar problem with my s3 mini . two or three times a week the gsm/edge/3g signal strength indicator is at zero and i cannot make or recieve calls , despite being in a good signal area . a simple power down and power up restores the connection , reports good ssi and the backlog of sms and voicemail calls start coming .
i experienced a similar problem , and it was caused by physical activity making the sim card coming slightly loose , just enough so that the phone could not read it reliably . try turning the phone off completely , removing the sim card , reinserting the sim card , and then restarting the phone . if that makes the problem go away ( at least for a few days ) , then it probably is the sim card coming loose : maybe that specific phone is on the largest extreme of manufacturing tolerance , and the sim card is at the smallest extreme . in this case , a little paper inserted alongside the sim card , on the side without the contacts , could provide a more lasting fix .
recovery images are hard coded to use the first partition of an sd card are the main fat partition . as such , you need to ensure that the first partition on the card is the fat partition , or recovery will try to mount the ext partition as the fat partition . you can use any partition tool to modify the card . you also said that fastboot would not work - this is most likely due to lack of fast boot drivers .
there does not appear to be a way , no . ( some information in this forum thread : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-audio-video/40610-zune-not-droid-friendly.html ) apparently , drm'd wma files require a zune device . since droid ≠ zune , it is not going to work . unless and until microsoft decides they want to build a zune app ( à la the way amazon has a kindle app ) you are out of luck . only option appears to be to burn those tracks to a cd , then re-rip them as drmless mp3s .
sometimes android goes into fubar mode and the only way to get past it is to make a hard reset . this unfortunately deletes any data stored on the device but anything stored on the memory card will remain . luckily there is a hardware hard reset mode . a hard reset can be accomplished by doing the following things : turn the power off . if your samsung galaxy s ii is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select clear storage by pressing the volume down button press and release the power button now simply confirm your decision : volume up for yes and volume down for no some versions of samsung galaxy s2 require that you need to hold down volume down and volume up to get into the menu . youtube video showing how it is done
switch to cm10 if you can - you can then adjust notifications on a per-app basis . note though , that for your problem , the only way to prevent " xxx app has been updated " notifications might be to disable the play store from showing notifications , which imho is not a good idea .
i used an otg adapter and a keyboard . plugged it in and then powered up . typed in my code then plugged into laptop running kies . got all my contacts and messages and more
i believe the s4 supports usb on-the-go . if you get yourself an otg adapter , you can use it to plug in a usb mouse and unlock the screen that way . a mouse click/drag works just like a screen touch in android .
try uninstall updates from google playstore at your phone settings . clear data and open it . uncheck box"keep me up to date " . . . i know this is an older version but u can wait for the next update . .
see my answer and my comment about replacing a font file Droidsansfallback.ttf . i am sure you can search and find many file sharing sites sharing this file . you can also extract the font file from any of the android device that you may have . after replacing the font file and restarting the phone , chances are pretty high that you might not be able to see the word हिन्दी as you see here , rather you might see it split as ह ि न्द ी without spaces . nothing much you can do if it shows up like this as i my question is all about that : (
well , i did not find a way to hide it ; but switched to using widgetlocker for my lock screen and just disabled cm 's .
i doubt that unless your phone would use a proxy located in us . so yes it is posible . . .
this answer is to the same effect : stackexchange-url your pictures , downloads , and any other files you may want to transfer can be uploaded to your computer temporarily and then from your computer to your new phone . alternatively , you could do this last bit a number of ways : bluetooth : bluetooth file transfer ftp : ftp server , ftp client samba : samba server , samba client you get the idea : file transfer apps also , airdroid as mentioned in this answer : stackexchange-url
there are 2 options : root your phone . install the samba filesharing app , or any other samba server for android . install samba on ubuntu , or any other samba client ( there are some on android too ) . this should do : sudo apt-get install samba , or any other equivalent command on another os . you do not need this step on a windows machine . optional : install an app on your pc to make it easier to configure samba on your pc . apt-cache search samba should give you some good results ( or anything equivalent ) . the point is that this android application will let your device show in the " my network places " of win xp , and the " network " of win vista/7 and ubuntu . from there you can browse to smb://ANDROID/ ( or \\ANDROID for win ) in your file manager . make sure you set the workgroup correctly on the android app . and if you face some problems with accessing your phone , try using the ip address instead of the name ( ANDROID by default ) . otherwise , if you are not rooted for example , you could install a file manager app with support for samba shares ( like es file explorer or file expert for example ) , or any other samba client ( like andsmb ) . this way you could access shares on other computers on the network ( but not share your own sd card , you need a samba server on your device for this to work ) .
to notify an android phone that an application have a new version ( without programming all the process ) you have 2 options : 1 . - use the market feature , but for your comments i think this one is out of your list . 2 . - use the notification system available on android 2.2 and 2.3 . to use this push notification service the device needs to be logged on a google account in order to receive the notification , so maybe this isn’t suitable for your process . if no one of this options is what you’re looking for , you will be forced to develop your own push notification system and install that system in every android phone you need update .
you would have to create your own process of having the application notifying the user of updates ( and providing a link to the new apk . you could do this with a background service that pops up a message in the notification bar ) . the user has to install the application from the market to receive updates via the android market .
this sounds like it might be better asked on stackoverflow . the autoupdate is a feature of the market . if users have not installed the app with the market you will have to implement your own update feature . in android 2.2 you could potentially take advantage of the push notification system for updates .
flash rom with fastboot before starting ensure bootloader is unlocked . obtain a rom of your choice , and note the location on your computer . 1 ) reboot your device into fastboot mode via one of the following options . a . adb reboot bootloader ( requires usb debugging to be turned on ) . - for working adb or b . power off the device then back on with ' vol up ' + power button . - for nonworking adb 2 ) wipe your device . fastboot -w 3 ) update your rom . fastboot update /path/to/your/romfile . zip 4 ) your phone will update and automatically reboot into the new rom edit try the universal naked drivers by 1wayjohnny over at xda forums . this has been included because my researching has also found corrupted drivers can be the culprit try http://code.google.com/p/boot-unlocker-gnex/ to reset tamper flags . the only other information i could find for the error : device not found is not helpful in this forum . it does lead towards development and programming though .
yes with an app called redphone : http://www.appbrain.com/app/redphone-beta/org.thoughtcrime.redphone
options are limited unfortunately . if you want to make calls using your existing phone service with your existing number , then your best option is red phone from whisper systems . of course , your calling partner will need to have the app to for the call to be encrypted . if you do not mind using another service , take a look at ostel , a secure voip provider .
curently there is no such official support and the sdk does not allow third party apps to encrypt calls , but if you use a sip client , the call can be encrypted depending on the sip client`s features .
dont use a toolkit as the commenter above has said . they will only make you more clueless about the whole process , and it honestly isnt that hard to root a nexus manually anyways . there are basically 3 steps : unlock bootloader install custom recovery flash root binaries through custom recovery . for more elaboration on these steps , read here .
see the faq , particularly the billing section . you will not get charged for turning on data roaming and connecting to an orange network , but you need to remember to turn it back off before roaming on any other networks to avoid charges . also , the faq mentions that it is only for calls and text messages right now , but it is not clear why they would also mention the data roaming setting if that is the case , so ymmv . regardless , you will likely be limited to 2g since 3g is typically on a carrier specific frequency . and of course , all of this may change if at and t completes their acquisition .
you may drag n drop the icons . a maximum of six is allowed
though @matthew answer is correct that a phone will default to wi-fi when it is available , that does not always ease the mind . something you can do to allay your concern is switch the phone into airplane mode . this will disable the cell signal and hence all data travelling through your carrier . however , it does not disable wi-fi . here 's a link on how to do it on the droid bionic : from the main screen , press your power button ( located on top ) select airplane mode to disable mobile network signal of course , you will not be able to receive any calls , and this might not be what you want , but it will certainly allay your concerns of using data .
go to settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks and uncheck the box that says " data enabled " to disable 3g , 4g etc .
yes . all you have to do is : 1 ) enable airplane mode 2 ) now enable wifi good luck !
your phone will default to wifi when it is available . if you are paranoid you can disable data while using wifi but it is not necessary . i am not sure how to do it on the bionic but you could see if it is in the menu that pops up when you hold the power button for a couple seconds or something like unchecking use packet data in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Mobile networks .
you could also use a mobile data monitor/manager like onavo count | monitor data . you can block certain applications from using mobile . alternatively , avast ! mobile security has a firewall module that allows for application specific data control .
well , in order to unroot your device you need to flash the stock rom again over to your device . for getting the stock rom for your device try heading over to the sammobile/firmware section and get the appropriate stock rom available for your samsung gt-s6312 , once you get the stock rom use the odin which can be easily searched over the google , download and use it to flash the stock rom over your device . once the flashing process completes your device will get unrooted .
i was searching this question because i had a linked device contact with a google contact . i do not know how i got it that way . to unlink 1 contact from another open the contact . choose the menu and choose separate contact . from that screen it is not obvious but there is a faded button on the right of each of the contacts that are linked . when you press it , the device will prompt " separate contact " cancel or ok . for me i have a contact that is exchange and google . it was also linked to another google and a device contact . i had to separate the device contact ( another person ) and the google contact ( a different other person ) .
this is not actually a linked contact unless the contact you added it to is from a social network . that is why the unlinking will not work . go to edit the number , select the entire number and copy it , then delete it from the wrong contact , go back , add a new contact , long-press the phone no . field and select paste . or you can use pen and paper too if you prefer .
i can not really find any good resources , but after reading a lot of postings on various sites the general conclusion seems to be is that unlocking the phone directly is not possible , at least via " normal " methods . sk telecom has altered the rom such that you are not able to enter an unlock code no matter what you do ; the functionality is simply disabled . you can follow this xda thread ( or this one if that does not work ) to root your device . once rooted , you can install a custom rom such as this popular one , just follow the instructions in that post . the new rom should have an enabled unlock feature . after that you need an unlock code . sites that sell unlock codes are unfortunately very sketchy ; i personally would not try one unless you can get a solid recommendation from someone you trust or know for sure has done it . you could attempt to contact sk telecom and ask them for the unlock code , but they seem to be uncooperative from what i have read . do not let them tell you that motorola has the unlock code , since this is false .
try openbts . you will need a faraday cage and a couple thousand dollars in hardware , but you can control all interactions between the phone and your base station . you will need a license to run a base station outside of a faraday cage . harald welte 's blog is a good one to follow if you are interested in gsm as a low-level protocol . the " sms of death " presentation at chaos computer club one year used this sort of setup to test sms buffer overflows .
the new art runtime is still experimental . it will make your phone less stable , and some apps just will not work at all . that is why the option to switch from dalvik to art is in the developer options : it is only there to let developers and system integrators test their stuff and help google fix problems . for this reason , it is a little pointless to measure the performance of art right now , since bugs in it might cause artificially low or high performance , even in situations where the bug does not occur or is not apparent . fixing a bug might reduce performance ( increasing battery or memory use , or decreasing speed ) because extra checks or a slower algorithm are needed to avoid the bug ; or , it might increase performance by making some computation unnecessary . also , further work on improving the performance of art will certainly be done before it is turned on for everybody . combining the effects of fixing all bugs , and all the performance improvements that are made , it is very hard to predict how the finished product will perform . the performance could completely change before art is ready for mainstream use .
currently , very few apps properly support art . so , the performance difference is not really noticeable . as for battery consumption , there should be little to no difference if your cpu settings are left at default . art is a great innovation , and i can not wait to see some great performance numbers in the near future , but we are not there yet . if you are running cm11 nightly builds , you might see some poor battery life . if you do , try another kernel , such as devil .
try contacts via sms . it is a simple option to solve this problem in version 4.4.2
kitkat has only 3 defaults for this : bluetooth email gmail other options can be added with 3rd party software , e.g. es file exploere adds " share over lan " . as per the google products page this is a know issue . i too am annoyed that this issue is happening with the nexus 5 . i can only hope that they will have an update that will resolve this issue . i work in the transportation industry in which i often have to send forward a contact phone number to another driver and at this point is very cumbersome not to be able to quickly share a recent calls number with another driver . i have been checking the play store to see if there is an app dialer that will resolve this issue for me . from this android central thread it confirms that this feature is missing and the solution is to copy and paste , or install 3rd party app . without installing a 3rd party application , there is nothing you can do for now .
thinking error . you have created a link named busybox pgrep , linking to a ( not existing ) other file of the same name . what you probably wanted to achieve is : ln -sf &lt;/path/to/alternative/&gt;busybox &lt;/path/to/linkdir/&gt;pgrep  replace &lt;/path/to/alternative/&gt; with the path to the busybox binary featuring pgrep functionality , and &lt;/path/to/linkdir/&gt; with the path to a directory contained in your $PATH ( best the one where the other symlinks reside ) . busyboxes usually decide their " wanted functionality " by checking where they are called from . so the symlink is simply named pgrep , grep , or whatever , and pointing to the busybox binary .
it might be possible in some cases ( i know sony has released blobs before for rom devs to use ) , but generally oem 's have agreements with carriers and release only carrier-laden ones . i know you said " without rooting " , but you could technically flash a custom recovery and from there flash a " de-bloated " stock rom from another developer . i know it is probably not really what you mean , but it does technically avoid rooting :p . that is probably going to be your best bet . another , more ad-hoc option would be to freeze carrier apps ( via titanium backup or something similar ) , and/or use alternative launchers like nova or apex to hide them from your app drawer . i do not think you need to be rooted to freeze an app , but i could be wrong . i feel your pain though , had an htc evo 4g back in the day . never have i ever cared less about sprint 's sponsorship of nascar .
go to settings in your device=> choose storage => then go into more settings , and check two options over there , that should fix it .
go to settings &lt ; &lt ; storage &lt ; &lt ; choose option at upper right corner &lt ; &lt ; usb computer connection &lt ; &lt ; enable media device option .
for those who are getting problems with adb , you can do this : go to device manager if there is is something called android device at the top or at the second dropdown , uninstall it download the drivers and install
transfer files through usb ( windows and mac os ) you can use a usb cable to transfer music , pictures , and other files from your device to a computer and vice versa . related settings to change your device 's usb connection options , touch settings > device > storage > menu > usb computer connection . windows transfer connect your device to the usb port on your computer . its usb storage is mounted as a drive and appears on your computer screen . copy files back and forth as you would using any other external device . when you finish , eject the device from within windows before unplugging the usb cable . mac os transfer install android file transfer from www.android.com/filetransfer, and follow the instructions there . ( if you are using android file transfer for the first time , double-click it to open it . after the first connection , it opens automatically whenever you connect . ) connect your device to your computer with a usb cable . android file transfer starts , if it’s not already running , and opens a window that displays the contents of your device , along with storage space details at the bottom of the window . work with this window much as you do in the finder window : open and close folders , create new folders , and drag files to or from it and other finder windows . disconnect the usb cable when you finish . by google site : device settings
enter *#*#7378423#*#* to access the service menu . tap service info > configuration if unlocked , it says , Bootloader unlock done under Rooting Status
if you want to check programmatically , checking the system features via the packagemanager object works , as far as i can tell for my device . this method does not give the exact supported number , but rather a categorisation as follows : touchscreen_multitouch jazzhand ( tracks 5 or more touches fully independently ) touchscreen_multitouch distinct ( tracks 2 or more touches fully independently ) touchscreen_multitouch ( basic 2 finger gesture compatibility ) depending on your task as hand , this might be sufficient enough , however gathrawn 's comment regarding low-tier phones makes me worry if it can be relied on that all those vendors actually set those values correctly before deploying the software . other than that , i do not know any way currently ( but would also like to learn about one ) - apart from maybe having the users test their devices as your app starts up , when the detected api level is less than 11 for instance .
are all touch-screens on modern devices multitouch capable on hardware level ( if software supports it ) ? this is more or less impossible to answer without spec sheets for every android device that has ever been created ( within whatever timeframe you consider " modern" ) . very broadly speaking , devices from major manufacturers over the last several years will typically support multitouch to some degree , but even that overall degree of support can vary between devices . if not than how to detect if touchscreen screen by itself is multitouch or not ? there are a bunch of apps for this . i would say pick one and try it . if you want to try to verify the results , pick several and try them all .
most likely , the device is still hanging out to the old network configuration and needs to be adjusted or cleared . there are a couple of methods that can be used to accomplish this . lets start from the simplest : reset the device wi-fi connection . simple wi-fi connection reset , by turning off wireless and then turning it back on : tap the menu button on your device ; tap " settings" ; tap " wireless and network" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; in the new screen , uncheck wi-fi to turn it off ; after wi-fi is turned off , tap the entry again to turn it back on . test your connection to confirm if this worked . if not , continue to the next options . forget about the network you can have your device forget the network and then re-add it , but for this to be possible , it needs to get out of range of the network , then : from the previous location , long press the network you want to forget ; tap over " forget network" ; get back within range , wait for the network to show up ; enter the network password to join . at this point your device should have a new address and be working . advanced wi-fi settings at this point is clear that you need to confirm all settings for your wi-fi connection : tap the menu button on your device ; tap " settings" ; tap " wireless and network" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap the menu button again ; tap " advanced" ; from here you can confirm all the settings one by one and make sure they match your network requirements : use static ip address , network gateway , netmask , dns1 and dns2 .
turns out it was a problem with the dns servers my dhcp was serving up . the first two were local dns servers . i do not know why they were not working for android ( they worked fine for the laptop computers ) , but as soon as i replaced the second local dns server with a remote dns server , things started working . it also appears that android only pays attention to the first two servers given by dhcp since i had other servers listed after my local server . it seems kind of fishy that only the android phones had problems with the local dns server . i would not mind finding out what the underlying problem is , but changing the dns servers is an acceptable workaround .
i dont know which nexus 7 gen you are using , but imo there must be an incompatibility between the tablet 's and car 's bluetooth technology .
sure , just be aware that doing so you will lose the warranty ! if you want to do it anyway , just go to sammobile . com and look for your phone ( just type i9100 in the search box ) . in the result list , choose your firmware and download it . to flash it , follow these steps : download odin v1.85 from here unzip the downloaded files , both odin and the firmware power off your phone and boot into download mode . to do so , press and hold the volume down and home buttons together , and then tap the power button until you see the construction android robot icon with a triangle . hit the power button again to confirm entry into download mode launch odin on your computer and connect your phone to it while your phone is still in download mode in case your phone connects successfully , one of the id:com boxes will turn yellow with the corresponding com port number . this process may be time-consuming choose the files to be flashed or installed on your phone , which can be found among the extracted files in step 2 click the pda button and choose the file named ' code ' . tap the phone button and choose the file named ' modem ' . ignore this step if such file is missing . hit the csc button and choose the file named ' csc ' . ignore this step if such file is absent . click the pit button and choose the . pit file . ignore this step if there is no such file in odin , enable auto reboot and f . reset time options . in case of the re-partition option , check it only if you chose a . pit file in the previous step click the start button in odin and the rom installation process will begin . it may take a few minutes to complete . do not disconnect the phone or it will irremediably bricked once the rom is installed , your phone will reboot . when you see the home screen , disconnect the phone from the computer . this may take a long long time , so do not panic and give it a few minutes your samsung galaxy s2 i9100 is now successfully updated . go to settings > about phone to verify the firmware version installed . enjoy : )
the solution lies in your first sentence . you are using an htc headphone . music controls are not standardized so every manufacturer implements them differently . as if this would not be enough , different models have different implementations too . the only headphone that is guaranteed to work is the one that came with your device . apple on the other hand has a certification program to make sure that 3rd party accessories will work with idevices .
in case someone finds this thread : use bridge mode , you will get an ip adress from your lan . edit by izzy : to do so : in virtualbox manager , select your vm and click the " gear icon " ( change settings ) select the networking tab in the first drop-down box , select " bridge mode "
did you check with netcfg within android that both are really up ? if , e.g. , eth1 is down , enable it with netcfg eth1 dhcp up .
i am using the very same setup with nat mode . to connect via adb : in virtualbox manager , right-click on your vm and select " show log " press ctrl - f to initialize a search , type " dhcp " . you will find several lines stating something like NAT: DHCP offered IP address 10.0.2.15 – that is your ip , write it down ; ) select the " gear icon " in the same context menu to " change settings " go to the " network " tab , and click the " port forwarding " button add two rules to forward ports 5555 ( adb ) and 5554 ( console ) from the guest to your host machine . to make an easy rule for potential multiple android-vms , you can simply add a digit to the end – e.g. 5555→55551 and 5554→55541 for this machine ( add a "2" for your second , if any ) . now on your host machine , execute the command adb connect localhost:55551 done . execute any adb commands as usual . you can use adb disconnect localhost:55551 if it gets in the way ( e . g . if you are using some other device , and do not want to always specify which one to use with each adb command ) .
you can flash back to factory to save your phone . download latest image of your galaxy nexus link . for example , if you download android 4.3 takju , unpack you will see flash-all.bat or flash-all.sh . if you are using windows , run flash-all.bat with your phone connected the pc and drivers installed . and under linux , run flash-all.sh
the majority of books on sites like amazon , barnes and nobles , and the like , are definitly payed for . all of them offer some free books to get you in , but you end up in a " closed ecosystem": you can read them only with their dedicated readers , as they often use their own formats ( amazon ) or at least some drm . if you want to go for free content , you are much better of chosing an ebook reader app supporting the open epub format ( some exemples include , but are not restricted to : moon+ reader , fbreader , and aldiko . at least the first two already ship with a load of free libraries pre-configured , which they can access directly from inside the app .
from kindle store , you can only get popular classics for free . but , kindle is integrated with many of free ebook providers . for example , on open library , you can click Send to Kindle link while viewing a free title ( amazon authentication will be required ) . see amazon 's free ebooks collection page . it gives you all required instructions to get free ebooks from various sites . also , there is no difference if you read a book with kindle app on nexus 7 or kindle ebook reader device . . except kindle ebook reader device does not have color display and would provide a very-very long battery life .
sorry , there is not way to do this . i believe that some launchers may wrap titles , but i can not think of any that do . as per dymutaos ' comment : adw wraps the titles of apps . they wrap it to a second line , and they make the second line smaller in order to fit within a certain space . though if the name is really long and does not fit within 2 lines , it still gets truncated .
if you have an unlocked phone , i do not think there should be any problem . the sim card for gophone is apparently just a regular prepaid sim card and is not tied to the phone it is sold with . if the phone does not recognize the apn for 3g , just go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access point Names and enter the appropriate access point settings manually .
unless you havent flashed other roms , its time to replace the screen .
try to re-install rom on your device ( here 's the newest firmware ) , that usually helps in similar situations . if your phone will be still broken that means you have damaged bootloader ( boot partition ) - then try to re-install boot partition ( you can find instructions in internet ) . at most you can give your phone to service and tell that your phone has been broken during an update . repair will be free if you have warranty .
provided you have not rooted the device , a factory reset will reset the phone to the state it was in . note that sometimes , some extra content that was added by the manufacturer ( like some bundled music/images ) later may be wiped . obviously , if you are bundling along the same sd card that you were using earlier , format it and also run it through shredder programs . ideally , do not part with the same sd card - either give the next owner a new card or avoid it altogether .
all memory caches are safe to be cleared , as they need to be designed as such since android will clear them when memory get 's tight . caches stored to disc will include things saved . however , most applications either save to file or utilise an sqlite database . these can be backed up with a file manager e.g. es explorer and an sqlite manager e.g. the one with the white db logo on a red background . clearing the cache will not corrupt the program itself . you will only lose saved data , such as the examples you mentioned ; saved levels , hall of fame entries , badges , etc . ps . @psycogeek : psycho is spelled with an h ; - )
any cache can be cleared . clearing the cache will not remove app settings . read more from this closed question in stackoverflow ( should be migrated here ) : what is the difference between clear cache and clear data in android settings
adb will not automatically connect to your device when it is plugged in . the " devices " command will give you a list of " connected " devices , not devices available for connection . to connect your device issue the command : adb connect localhost let me know if i misunderstood your situation or if there is anything else i can do to help .
go to settings > apps > all applications > media storage > tap ' clear data ' . . . reboot and everything will appear in windows explorer once again .
this is how i solved this problem on my galaxy note-3: install ftp file server application on your android device in your computer : map network drive -> add network location -> choose ftp site -> enter the ip address of the ftp server connect ( unanimously or by id ) to the " server " and you will be able to access all folders and files in the android device .
im running a galaxy note 3 the solution to the problem i found was by using the android file browser and moving the folder/file i had downloaded to another directory that wasnt as cluttered . this enabled me to see the 50mb . rar file i had downloaded and pulled it onto my pc . i dont know if this solution will help anyone , but it worked for me . thanks all : )
this is apparently a known bug in android which is not even acknowledged by google since oct 2012 — depending on the method of creating files on the android device , these files may remain invisible when accessing the device using mtp , until the device is rebooted . known workarounds include : use usb storage mode instead of mtp , if it is supported by the phone . this is apparently not an option for lg optimus l5 ( e610 ) , because this phone has unified internal storage ( file storage is in /data/media on the same ext4 filesystem as /data ) , which cannot be exported as an usb storage device . clear data of the “media storage” app , then use the sdrescan app to rebuild the media database ( discussed here ) . share files over the network using third-party apps such as airdroid or one of samba server apps ( in the latter case you will need to have root to make the server reachable from most clients , including windows ) .
go to menu > system settings > storage unmount sd card and press " ok " mount sd card you will see scanning media files on sd card . . . in the notification bar . this means you are fine and the stuff in sd card is rescanned so you can see them now : )
in my case multiple reboots did not fix the issue . clearing the app data did . i had to let the file system rebuild itself every time i went to a new directory but it worked after the rebuilding was done .
most common errors ( and solutions to them ) are : different file name : make sure the file is really named recovery-clockwork.img , in your example , or adjust your command according to the file name wrong path , e.g. your file resides in C:\Downloads , but you are executing fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork.img from C:\: either first change to the directory the .img file is located in , move the .img to where you want to execute your command , or try specifying the file with its full path ( e . g . C:\Downloads\recovery-clockwork.img ) sometimes adb/fastboot behaves strangely when executed from " somewhere else " . in those cases it helps to first changing to the directory where the resp . executable is located , and run your command from there .
after restarting the tablet the app is now working properly . no idea - could be android was not able to free enough ram or some such . . .
if you are talking about audio here ( e . g . having notifications , alarms , etc . sent to your ( bluetooth ) headset ) , you might wish to take a look at soundabout : soundabout settings screens ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) this app allows you to define which audio signal is routed where ( even on certain conditions ) . i am not sure how far the free version goes concerning bluetooth , as the app description says bluetooth behavior - ( pro version ) . to my understanding , those " behavior settings " only include specifics like " force to mono " , but i do not use the app myself , and thus cannot tell for sure .
you can manually install update using flashtool , and also you need ftf file for it , http://androxyde.github.com/index.html?1349610344000 -flash tool http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918920 -ftf file .
you do not need busybox . custom or stock rom has this issue . backup up memory card and repartition from cwm recovery mode .
do you have busybox installed ? open up terminal emulator and type busybox if a load of stuff comes up on the screen , then you have busybox installed . next , type mount into terminal emulator , if a load of crap comes up then you do have mount installed . otherwise , download the BusyBox Installer app on market , and download an older version of busybox . the same if you already have it installed , as the newer versions have loads of errors . if that does not work , then i suggest emaailing the developer with a bug report .
crossbreeder is a great addition to any android device . it does a lot of things , among them : dns caching and paralleling , ad and spyware blocking , modulation of os entropy levels . it helped a lot when i had an htc one v [ 1.5ghz cpu ( oc'd ) , 512 mb ram , android 4.2.2 ] . so much so that i also flashed it onto my nexus 5 . greenify helps by allowing you to manage background processes and program it accordingly for best results . lastly , titanium backup has the only " move to sd card " feature that i can vouch for . give it a try and see if it can move the apps you need off your sd card . you should also note that this might the associated app 's widgets unavailable ( see issue 11283 ; opened in 2010 and marked as " workingasintended" ) .
this is due to a lack of font support on the device . on my nexus 7 i see this :
after months trying , i solved flashing the defyplus_u3_4.5.1-134_dfp-2311_blur_sign_usadefyemarab1b8tfde004.0r_pds03c_usajrdngibro2de_p020_a025_m002_service1ff . sbf
have you tried the go keyboard ? i use go keyboard on samsung galaxy s4 . it vibrates when i press the return key . it is customizable via Sound and vibrate &gt; Key press vibrate . you might also want to check Advanced Setting &gt; Smiley Setting ; this lets you merge the smiley and the return key function .
if you are ok with using password protection for your lockscreen instead of the pattern , it does work with llama , which is free ( unlike tasker ) . as john k pointed out , the " screen lock " action does not seem to work for most people . however , you can use the " screen lock password " action to set an empty password to disable the lock screen , and set it back to your normal screen lock password to enable it again . however , your phone will likely ( have not tested ) unlock automatically when you arrive at work without requiring the initial unlock you want . edit : yes it does i posted this in case anybody still needs this ( as i did ) and could not comment on the accepted answer as i am new to this site .
as t0mm13b already suggested , tasker can do that easily : condition : [ location ] task : keyguard disable/enable for location , you can use different sources : gps ( most power-hungry variant , as it requires a permanent gps scan -- but most accurate ) network based ( less power-hungry , but still requires at least wifi -- but less accurate ) cell based ( least power-hungry , not to say : using almost no additional power , as the mobile cells are either used for telephony and mobile data -- but also least accurate ) you can even combine them : having e.g. cell-based combined with gps would only start gps scanning when the cells already match . the trickier part will be the " require once " element , which will be doable with a more complex tasker profile . if this is relevant to you , i will update my answer to include some hints on this . other ( and easier to learn ) solutions might be available as well , but i am not sure whether they can control keyguard . so you might want to take a look at llama - location profiles , which can at least handle the " location-based " part quite well . and of course you can check the " other users also liked " section for these apps on the playstore .
no . unlocking your bootloader allows you to flash unsigned images to your device , but it does not ( in and of itself ) give you root permissions which you need to remove bloatware . however , having the ability to flash unsigned images makes it very easy to gain root via a custom recovery , so unlocking your bootloader can often greatly simplify the process . if you need instructions for getting root , there is a fairly exhaustive guide here .
files in /sys/ are part of sysfs which is a special virtual filesystem to dialog with the linux kernel . you can for example have a fast introduction here . therefore you cannot treat sysfs files as normal files as it may lead to strange behaviour depending on how the program treats them ( same for device files , usually in /dev , or files in procfs in /proc ) . usually to tweak that files you just write in them with an echo , such as echo 255 &gt; /sys/class/leds/mmc1::/max_brightness 
the ota update will not work with root . you can manually flash a rom to your device . you can get stock ( factory ) roms from google https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images , nexus 4 is about 1/3rd down the page . you can also go to xda forums and get a custom rom http://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-4 , main forum page for nexus 4 . the other way would be to use wugfresh toolkit for nexus to relock/unroot device , to be able to get otas . forum link : http://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-4/orig-development/toolkit-wugs-nexus-root-toolkit-v1-8-2-t2015469 wugfresh toolkit download : http://www.wugfresh.com/nrt/ read everything and make a backup before doing anything ! ! ! !
i do not think a rooted nexus 4 will be able to update automatically . so you might have to turn auto update off . rooting will void its warranty . but not to worry , rooting is good . some how you can flash an updated version of stock rom manually to your device .
that message tells you that conference calling is not allowed by your carrier ; it is not that the phone does not support it . you need to contact your carrier to enable this feature .
that is not an airpush ad . also , these kind of ads are forbidden by the google playstore tos . always pointing to the same app suggests another app from the same developer placing it , not an ad module . i would first check which apps are running when this happens ( settings→apps , select the corresponding tab ) . see if there are " non-essential " apps listed which you can live without . note them down . second , check permissions of the apps installed . there are some permission checker apps available which make things easier for you . fot this specific case , permission explorer seems to be a good candidate : permission explorer : list of permissions , apps using a certain permission ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as the screenshots show , this app allows you to browse your installed apps by permission . your screenshot looks like a system alert window , so the offending app most likely has the system_alert_window permission . check for apps having this permission . note them down . in a third step , compare your notes : apps that were running when the message appeared , apps using the SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW permission . if you find a match , you most likely found your offender . uninstall it , and see whether your issue is gone then . if this has solved your issue , do not forget the following to help others : check if that app is still on google play , and if the version there matches the version you have installed . if so , first report that app to google , as it violates the tos , and put a comment warning others . google should react by removing the app from the store .
download es file explorer ( the best file explorer no sought ) and share the pictures folder on your pc . in es file explorer you just enter man , find your computer and transfer any files you want
i found two possible solutions . 1st just search or program an application that sends the pictures and next deletes them . no idea if any exist . 2nd just install and configure an ftp server using filezilla ftp server and get an ftp client for android and just cut and paste the pictures to the ftp and you are done . .
i do not know about windows , but on ubuntu linux this is easily scripted using the photo management app digikam . digikam can be configured to recognize the device and automatically download the pictures . you just plug in the phone and it starts automatically , no need to do anything with the computer or the phone .
switch on the internet on your mobile and connect the laptop by wifi tethering on your mobile . now the laptop connected to your mobile by internet , now use airdroid android mobile application to transfer the files from your mobile to laptop .
if you device is samsung then through kies you can easily transfer data through wi-fi . if not then as you said in drive you could first upload them in cloud later download on laptop . as far as your concern for photos staying in the phone you can wipe all your data by a simple format
simple use " es file explorer " to cut and paste any files from your phone to a network folder . . .
on mswindows 7 , when i connect any usb device including my phone it asks me if i want to import the pictures . there is an option to delete them also on the usb device . it does it also for my galaxy tab . but i never let windows delete automatically , because i suspect it would take all images , not only camera images .
if you move an app to/from the sdcard , and you have icons on the home screen , you need to remove and re-add the icon to the home screen . when i have done this , i thought the icons removed themselves from the home screen automatically . when you move it to/from the sdcard , it is a lot like uninstalling the application ( without removing the user data ) and re-installing it again in the new location .
i have seen this one worked ! you have to restart the launcher of the android . i had this problem where all my apps stored on my sd card that had shortcuts stored within folders had the generic android logo . this happened everytime i restarted my phone or unmounted then mounted my sd card . right the fix . . . . . . . . . go into settings/applications/manage applications/all and navigate to your launcher . i am using a htc desire hd so . my launcher is htc sense . some peeps may have installed a third party launcher . anyways click force stop . then press the home button . your launcher should now restart . your icon logos should now be back to normal and will be normal everytime you restart your phone . http://www.droidforums.net/forum/thunderbolt-tech-support/147067-icons-pics-won-t-appear-after-restart.html
the problem is sometimes fixed when i insert sim card . normaly i do not have sim card in my phone and then it goes back to corrupted when i remove it .
may be you can use another home screen called " launcher pro " free version . in the setting there is an option to hide the system bar . you can try it out if you like the home screen . though i like it better than stock home screen .
can you once try slate . apk from this xda thread . he has created/ported many skins .
use adb to push them to /system/lib/modules , then reboot . android should load them at boot as long as they are in that directory , i believe . shell&gt; adb push module.ko /system/lib/modules/ shell&gt; adb reboot  if you get a " read-only filesystem " error then remount /system as read/write first , then push them . usually you can do this with adb remount . you could probably also put them onto an sd card and then use a file manager to copy them over if you want . you can also use insmod to manually load a module into the kernel at runtime , but it would not be reloaded if you reboot . this would allow you to skip the initial reboot , though , since you should be able to insmod all of the modules after you push them onto the device .
i have had luck on cyanogenmod 6 by making a folder called " ringtones " on my sd card and putting files there . however this may be cyanogenmod specific . ( you may need to reboot or trigger the media scanner to get the files to show up . )
the app rings extended combined with any free file manager will do what you want . once installed , picking a ringtone will pop up a window asking which app to use for ringtone selection . tick the option to make it a default and choose " rings extended " . it will then allow you to pick any supported music file from your sd card for ring and notification tones .
there are special directories you can use to store your custom " noises " . the " starting point " ( root-of-noises-dir ) may be different between devices ( so this is rather a generic answer , as i do not own all of them ) -- pick one and check if it works , if not , pick the next : /sdcard/media/audio /sdcard/media /sdcard  in there , put the directories for the specific events : then place your sound files into the appropriate directories . done . now you should be able to pick them in your configuration ( s ) .
in general , anything that works regardless of which app you have in the foreground will work regardless of which launcher you have installed . that includes eye scrolling , air gestures , smart stay , smart orientation change ( i forget the marketing name for it ) , and so on . changing to a different launcher will only replace the home screen and the " all apps " menu . note that the old launcher is still installed : the first time you go to the home screen , you get a chooser to pick which one to use , the same way as if you have more than one web browser and click on a link .
" fast boot " is basically analogous to the hibernate or possibly s3 ( str ) sleep functionality on regular pcs ( htc is not very clear on what precisely it does , but analysis of its claims and action suggests it is one of these ) . rather than fully shutting down and restarting , the os resumes where it was after a shutdown , allowing the system to get from " off " to " ready to use " much faster . as mentioned , some apps do not play nice with this , such as the case is in this so question . unless you are regularly needing to shut off your phone for some reason and want it to start back up faster , i would personally just leave it off to avoid the potential for weird issues .
as you have said that it is not a ' captive portal ' , could it be an internal vpn connection ? i doubt it , but it is possible . most hotspot 's that require login use these portals - so you should just go to google . com in your browser and it should take you to a webpage that is the portal , where a login is required prior to accessing any other website . this login , may require a registration or some form of payment , depending on who is the provider of that portal . has this ever appeared before ? when you use your laptop - what does the balloon notification say , something along the lines of " wifi hotspot detected , click here to connect " or similar . on my laptop , it just opens my browser to my home page , to get redirected to the portal to login .
if you open your browser when connected to that hotspot , it should automatically get re-directed to the login page for it . that is what most of these hotspot apps try to automate using macros . after having logged-in via the browser , the internet connection should be available to your apps .
for linux distros , it can be done with an android app called drivedroid .
no , it can not be done with an android phone due to the driver installation requirements that android has before it will connect the sd card to the pc as removable storage . the android os requires basic ( charging/connection ) drivers to be installed before it will act as removable storage . because these drivers can not be installed in post , the phone will not offer the sd card as a storage medium . there might be a way to do it in android , but i suggest you flag your question for moderator attention and request migration to android se if you want a possible android solution .
see my answer to this question . short answer : yes , it is possible , with a custom recovery , but i am not sure i would recommend it due to my experience with my phones not charging in recovery .
i contacted the makers and they said it is a known problem and they were working on it . the latest update fixed this .
on my htc desire running 2.2 i have an option under the stock browser menu> more> settings called " mobile view " which enables mobile versions of web pages . for example with this this enabled i get the mobile version of tumblr , with it disabled i get the full site .
for galaxy devices , you can simply enter about:useragent into your browser 's url bar . i do not think this " sticks " across reboots , but it is relatively painless to do and does not require extra software/hacks/etc . i do not own a galaxy so i am not keen on some of the specifics . if about:useragent does not work , then other phones can typically to this instead : enter about:debug into the url bar to activate debug mode in the browser ( you will not see any kind of confirmation that this has worked ) go into Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Settings and scroll all the way to the bottom . you should see a new menu item called UAString tap the UAString menu option and select a different user agent from the provided menu i have ie6 , " mac desktop " and " linux desktop " as options for mine , all of which give me full versions of websites . see also this question with info on some of the goodies in debug mode . the about:debug menu also works on honeycomb ( or later ) , but the menu is organized a little differently . you enter about:debug the same way , then go into the settings and you will find a new settings tab ( on the left ) simply named " debug " . UAString is one of the first options in this tab .
well first off . theres no true way to stop it . secondly , the way i do it . i sign out of skype first . then , i use the manage apps or task manager . stop the app first . then , make sure it has been cleared from the cached background processes . a phone restart might be required to start the app again or other apps . i am fine with having to restart my phone . it gives me the chance to control everything i do on it .
try signing out first . and than back button .
in the skype app , press menu -> sign out , or use the sign-out button on the top-right corner of the app 's home screen , then confirm .
most of the answers here are very informative on the battery issue , i do not want to touch on that , though i should let you know that if you have to charge your android with your laptop or desktop , make sure it gets full before you unplug it , otherwise you will be slowly ending the long life of your battery by unplugging every time you have to leave because it kind of takes longer . i take a major precaution when it comes to charging because i changed my phones charging adapter more than thrice due to charging using my laptop . i was finally advised by my techie to use the specified charger and since then , i have no battery issues . just a precaution .
a computer usb port is limited to 500 milliamperes ( or 900 ma for a usb 3.0 port ) . the dedicated wall charger , on the other hand , is usually able to provide 1000 ma or more . let 's take the case where a connected phone uses 200 ma . then , the usb port would have 300 ma left to charge the battery while the wall usb charger would have 800 ma left . a typical smart phone battery has a capacity of about 1500 mah ( milliamperes-hour ) nowadays . this means that in a perfectly efficient world , a current of 1500 ma would charge the battery in 1 hour . so the same battery would then charge in 5 hours over the usb 2.0 port and in about 1h50 with the wall charger . of course in reality power losses would also affect charging times but these numbers are quite close to what i get with my actual phone .
usb from computer delivers only 500ma . so , a 2100ma battery will take 5 hours to charge from a computer . the charger outlet delivers 700ma to 1a . so , the battery will charge within 3 to 3.5 hrs .
charging from a usb port of a computer is slower than charging using a charger because the voltage and amperage provided by the computer is considerably lower than in the case of using a normal charger , so the mobile is using “slow charge mode” i don’t know which is the charging speed ration between usb and normal charger in the case of a sgs , but in my case ( htc desire ) with a normal charger i need approximately 2 to 3 hours for a full charge , but with a usb connection that time only charges 15 to 35 percent .
consider that computers often have other things inside of them or connected to them that need the same charge . the power within a computer itself is always lower than direct power from a outlet from a wall . when power is distributed through a computer to your phone , that same amount of power is also being used throughout the whole computer slowing the voltage to your phone , and other things that are plugged up . always remember , if you want direct power and a quicker charge , its always good to use to wall outlet instead of a computer or labtop .
samsung bridges pins 2 and 3 facing the phone . if pins 2 and 3 are open , the phone limits your charging capability to about 350 ma or so . check it out : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1384253
not an answer but a good alternative . buy this inexpensive wifi powerbank . this is practically a very portable wifi router . i bought and use one and so far its great . can also be an inexpensive mifi device using a 3g dongle , and a backup battery for your phone .
you can not force it to work . there may be tricks you can play to fake the app into thinking it is on another device , but for the specific app given ( video playback ) , it is almost certainly refusing to playback because it can not . the hardware on the device is probably something that the devs did not anticipate , or that the app can tell is not fast enough to actually work . even if you find some way to fake it out and make it try , it is only going to crash or play back so slowly that it will be unwatchable .
what you are doing is not recommended . there is a reason why app developers limit installation to select devices . namely : android version processor architecture/gpu chipset/board/ram screen size/density/resolution this is to ensure good , consistent , and fast user experience as much as possible .
you could pull the app apart using apktool an then edit the smali , but as mentioned in previous answers here , that would still lead to problems though . chances are the developers made the app that way because your device was not capable of playback . if you are really interested in trying to edit the app 's smali , have at it : https://code.google.com/p/android-apktool/
why do not you run it in landscape mode ? portrait is not the default orientation for tablets , even if the android sdk defaults to portrait . i am also wondering if you can cut out the body of the device and set the view to screen-only ; the tab 's screen is 1024x600 , so it should fit your screen like that while in portrait mode .
syncing is when you take two different sets of data ( normally on two different devices or on one device and one online ) and make them " mirror " , or be identical to , each other . this way , you always have the most up-to-date version of that data no matter which device ( s ) you are currently using . many things can be and are synced , including a lot of different data from third-party apps , like springpad ( which syncs your notes ) or dropbox ( a file storage service ) . however , for google applications , i believe that it is just your contacts , gmail , chats ( via talk ) buzz posts , calendar , and documents . you can also upload and download photos from your picasa account as well . however , i also think that google has lots of other apps that do not come pre-installed on most phones , such as finance , which ( i think ) will sync with your online stock portfolio or the like . ( i do not use google finance , sorry . ) sms is also only on the phone , though they have applications that you can download to backup your sms to your computer . no , other apps can use syncing as well , though i do not believe that they can sync to your gmail account . often times , these services have you register for separate accounts on their sites using your gmail to sync with their service and their application on your device . for example , like mentioned previously , i use springpad as a note-taking application on my droid . i had to create an account on their site ( though i could also log in via services like yahoo ! or gmail ) and it would afterwards sync with the application on my phone , so my notes on my phone are always the same as the ones on my online account with springpad . i think that you can add a gmail account in your gmail application on your phone . afterwards , you had likely be able to delete the old one . though , you had probably have to re-purchase or re-install your applications , as those are bought via your google account . i do not believe it would delete your sms as those are just on the phone , though it is always a good idea to clean your sms out because they eventually start to eat up quite a bit of space unless you have them set to automatically delete as you reach a message limit . ( for example , 200 messages ) for transferring data , there is a tutorial on transferring mail located here : http://www.consumingexperience.com/2007/09/gmail-transfer-all-emails-to-new-gmail.html ( not written by google , but the next best thing ) . for contacts , you had just export them all from your online gmail account and then re-import the export file into your new one . hopefully this answers your question and good luck switching !
there is an app to workaround that issue , wifi fixer available for free from google play store : wifi fixer is a low-resource background service that maintains your wifi connection automatically and works around several bugs in android wifi .
no idea , not using twitter on my phone ( @matthew read 's idea has merit ) open skype , hit menu , settings , uncheck notifications you do not want to see .
you can prevent lock button from turning off you screen by altering your settings . go to your settings select Security deselect the check box Power button instantly locks
if your phone is rooted , install " avast mobile security " and enable firewall . you can block internet access to any installed app . its not about blocking ads . its about blocking internet access . and its free .
you have given almost no information other than you are having trouble with the connection . to venture a guess , i would check the router since it is the device you are connecting to .
i have not done a screen recording in a phone , only in a computer . but if your unit is already rooted , you can try to download " scr screen recorder " from the appstore . it will work on rooted devices only . good luck !
i too have a samsung galaxy nexus and i upgraded from cm11 m3 to m4 manually just one week ago . but i looked it up on my phone and there is an ota-update to the m4 build . other than that , you can find your current cm11-build under settings -> about phone and there it says in the entry named cyanogenmod-version . it should end with your device 's code-name ( depending on your specific galaxy nexus it can be either " toro " , " toroplus " or " maguro" ; in my case " maguro" ) . and that update in late february cannot have been the m4-build , because that is just too far in the past . the m4-build was anounced officially by the team of cyanogenmod on march 7th . i hope i could help you . ps : if you still do not get the ota-update , i would recommend you to flash it manually .
thanks for your answer . if looking into " about phone " , " build date " is " tue feb 25 14:46:23 pst 2014" and build number " cm_maguro-userdebug 4.4.2 kot49h installerxnpq09p release-keys " according to build date , i guess that is still m3 , right ? last weekend i tried to manually update , by downloading the zip file for maguro from http://download.cyanogenmod.org , but that ended up in a corrupted phone : phone app was missing , i was not able to receive calls home button did not work ( flashed when pressed , but nothing happened ) quick settings button in notification bar without effect and many issues more . . . . i now re-installed cynogenmod by again running the installer . build number and date are stated at the top of this post . i suggest that installer version is quite a bit slower in its release cycles , right ?
solved the problem by installing motorola device manager and re-plugging the phone . i felt so silly after finding that link .
it seems to be a software issue wherein the rom you are using simply does not record your calls . are you using a samsung original rom or are you using a rooted custom rom . if you would post more details about you software by going into system settings-> about phone and posting a screenshot of the same , i will be happy to help . you can also visit this website ( www.galaxys2root.com ) in case you would like to switch your rom in for a better one . i have a gt-i9100 and frequently use the same website to try different roms .
i had same problem . later i noticed that my phone 's date was set to year 1970 . i corrected date . and now the problem is solved .
looking at the description of the said app on the google play store as referred by the op : complete linux installer is an all in one solution to installing linux distros on your android device . brought to you by the linuxonandroid project the app is designed to allow you to install a full linux distro without touching your android install . so , it does not really " over-write " the android installation . the emphasis in the above quote is mine . it does pay to read the description on the play store thoroughly in order to avoid any confusions . if there is a confusion , the said developer would be delighted to receive an email asking for clarification as it shows that you as a customer is interested in the developer 's app and might spur them on to improve it etc . : )
i ended up deleting my account and registering it again , and it worked , but this is a workaround . as pointed out by other people , the native mail app is buggy , so i started evaluating touchdown .
i know you were going for the " onboard " solution for exchange e-mail , but at my workplace a bunch of folks use touchdown : http://www.appbrain.com/app/exchange-by-touchdown-key/com.nitrodesk.touchdownpro only problem is that is is $19.99 . it works well with activesync policies and does not force you to encrypt your whole device if your sysadmin has required as such .
this functionality is built into android so there is no need for an external tool/application . in settings : Wireless and networks -&gt; Mobile Networks -&gt; Data Enabled  disable this and you are all set .
you can go on the configurations and disable the usage of mobile networks manually . if you want a more handy tool ( i.e. . not need to open menus ) , looks like this app can do it : apn switch apn-switch is a simple widget that allows you to quickly enable ( or disable ) your data connection ( 3g/edge/gprs ) with a single click .
what i have done before is to turn on airplane mode , then turn on wifi . works like a charm on my galaxy s .
that is correct : starting ice cream sandwich ( ics ) 4.0.1 and until the curent ( at the time of writing ) 4.0.3 the face unlock feature is not available to any version of nexus s ( ns ) . this thread on xda-dev provides various speculations as to why face unlock is not available on ns : lower quality front camera hardware on the ns the vulnerabilities of this feature ( check out the note on the setting that says that face unlock is low-security and experimental ) having this feature exclusively available for galaxy nexus bottom line : face unlock is present in various ported ics roms , but it is reported to be pretty flimsy at the moment .
there is such a mechanism , but it has to be done by the app itself : it is not a user-accessible control . you can tell apps that do this because it requires the permission " run at startup " . an app such as tasker can do this . it already uses the android mechanism , and gives you a way to script actions to do on this and other conditions . simply add a task that starts the app you are interested in and then goes to the home screen . set that task to run on the " device boot " event .
wat are you using to create and format your partitions ? i ran into a similar error when i used paragon partition manager ( https://www.paragon-software.com/ ) in windows . the phone would not correctly recognise the partition . i then used ( i think it is the ' official' ) the sd formatter program in windows to format my partition but it only seems to make use of the entire sd card and not really give you an opportunity to have multiple partitions . you should really try gparted . it is pretty fool proof . just make a bootable usb , pop on gparted and create and format you partitions in that . good guide here for a gs4 but should work for your phone too : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2285221
i use unison by mounting the android with sshfs . as ssh server i use sshdroid . but be warned , unison with sshfs is really slow . though with one single file it should not matter .
i have also followed the cross compilation root as indicated in chc 's answer i have released unisonsync that allows you to unison without dealing with the command line ( and without rooting ) on google play : from the proof of concept , which was quickly running , to a production ready app it took much more time than expected , but now it works and is very handy to sync my publications and datasheet repository .
a market search revealed afilesync which claims to sync files via ftp and also has support to auto-sync files . you will need to be running an ftp server on your own . there is also sk sync , but users have reported mixed results with it . obviously , before you try any of these programs / apps , please backup your files both on the pc/server as well as your android device .
you might want to consider another option here , if you want to use this for keepass password database . this will not work for other sensitive material , but since you asked specifically for keepass , here 's what i do : protect the database with the password ( i assume you have , already ) , and a key . this will give you a two-factor authentication ( "something you know " -- your password , and " something you have " -- your key ) . the password database can only be unlocked when both pieces are in place . copy the key to the local storage of all your devices , and give it some inconspicuous name . preferably put it in a crowded directory where it would seem like some configuration file or some random noise file created by a program . upload your database to a third-party storage service ( i use dropbox , but other options would work just as well ) . it goes without saying that the service should have an android client if you want to use it on your device . do not upload your key there -- use another method to copy it to the devices you need . dropbox in particular keeps a copy of the files you upload and then delete at least for a week for backup purposes ( quite convenient , i must admit ) , but if your key is on the server already , it is not more secure than a normal password-protected database . configure your keepass clients not to remember the location of the key ( remembering the location of the database is fine ) . in this way , you can upload your database to a random website , and even if your password gets compromised for some reason ( i.e. . keyboard loggers ) , you can only use the database from devices that have the key and now which file is actually the key . for convenience , you might want to have key-only authentication on a mobile device ( secure passwords are tedious to type on a mobile device , and you obviously do not want to use anything short and easy here ) . but i would recommend against this , as in this case the security is even lower than a password-protected database -- instead of a password you have in your head , you use a " password " ( the key file ) that is on your device . keepass does not give any hints whether it requires key , password or both -- which works to your advantage .
you may have found something you are happy with now but i have compiled a binary of unison that works on android - it is possible using the hand-waving instructions you are talking about - i used them to cross-compile the linux source within ubuntu 12.10 using the android ndk and with a few alterations to the code it is now working . follow the instructions at https://sites.google.com/site/keigoattic/ocaml-on-android and then you will need to do a few things . there is a file called pty . c in the unison source - find the following section : // openpty #if defined(__linux) #include &lt;pty.h&gt; /*#define HAS_OPENPTY 1*/ #endif  and comment out define HAS_OPENPTY 1 as shown . you also need to open ubase/util . ml and edit : let homeDir () = System.fspathFromString "/Your path here"  comment out from here : . . . to here ! then you will also have to edit makefile . ocaml and comment out # CLIBS+=-cclib -lutil as shown . and as far as i can remember that all worked . the other step once compiled is to mount your android system partition as writable and copy unison to the /system folder where all the rest of the shell commands are . hope that is helpful to someone . . . i lost a lot of sleep getting it compiled .
i do not know of anything native that does this . there are many file sync apps but all the ones i have seen are either unidirectional , or rely on the user to manually sync the file from the phone to the cloud . what you are intending to do should be possible with the dropbox api but i do not know if you are willing to create your own custom app that keeps watch over the specific files you need sync'd
i do exactly what you ask with foldersync . it is a very nice piece of software , with plenty of options and features . i use it as a personal dropbox alternative using sftp over ssh with keyfile for authentication . you can even set it up to automatically detect changes on the local replicas and trigger an immediate upload . on my phone i use it to upload pics on my server as soon as i take them , and it works just perfect .
this quotes andy rubin in saying that they will move from a twice a year release schedule to a yearly cycle . but i do not know of an actual " official " publication . also , this " yearly " cycle probably only means " major " releases , but there will still probably be " minor " updates through out the year like they have done in the past . the quote : so we launched it , and from our internal 0.8 , we got to 1.0 pretty quickly , and we went through this iteration cycle . you’ve noticed , probably , that that’s slowed down a little bit . our product cycle is now , basically twice a year , and it will probably end up being once a year when things start settling down , because a platform that’s moving — it’s hard for developers to keep up . i want developers to basically leverage the innovation . i don’t want developers to have to predict the innovation . andy rubin vp of engineering for android at google
no , there is no officially published plan . the only people who get advance access to new versions before they are released are certain big-name developers ( and tier 1 hardware vendors , of course ) under nda , so they can be ready take advantage of new features . the rest of us get it when the updates get pushed out . ( usually , the new sdk and emulator images appear a little after the new devices ship . ) unless you want to take advantage of not-yet-announced features , there is no need to change your app for new os versions , because of the backwards-compatibility features present in android .
first of all , try to download and install the sdk on a machine which is comparable to the target machine . in this case , install the sdk on a machine with windows 7 , and not with xp ( also , because xp is risky due to end of life ) then copy the android-sdk-folder to your target machine . then you should siply be able to launch it with a double-click on the sdk-manager . however , if this does not work , try to execute the sdk-manager as " administrator " also , if this fails , try to connect the windows 7 computer to the internet and then download it properly as described here : https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html if this is also impossible , try to give aditional information ( where do you have the sdk from ? is it the latest version ? where did you put it on the target machine ? etc . )
after much searching , i came across this thread on the xda-developers forum where people seem to be having much of the same issue with a nexus 4 . after trying several of the proposed solutions in that thread , i came across one that worked ! it turns out that android keeps a permanent record of the mac in /persist/wifi/.macaddr . for some reason , it insists on using the mac in that file whenever connecting to a wireless network . if you are on a rooted device , however , you can overwrite it with whatever mac you want . interestingly , this change will also persist across reboots ! so , without further ado , here 's how you change the mac permanently on an android device ( substitute 112233445566 with the mac you want ) :
i do not think your device is actually changing the mac . static coding an ip on your router will not do you much good if you do not have l2 connectivity . i had worked out a way to change the mac on my 2012 n7 by using busybox and the ifconfig command . try installing busybox , disconnecting from the wlan , then running the following as root ( substituting your mac , of course ) . busybox ifconfig wlan0 hw ether 00:00:00:00:00:00 busybox iplink show wlan0  does that work for you ?
there is no need to install kies . download the driver SAMSUNG_USB_Driver_for_Mobile_Phones_v1.5.14.0.exe ( or a higher version ) which is available from the samsung website . click on the manuals and downloads tab ( below the image of the phone ) and then the software tab . after installing , i connected the s3 via usb and windows update automatically searched for and downloaded a package that was 6.8mb , followed by this notification . i restarted my computer ( just in case ) and i can now use the s3 for development , even though it says the device is connected as a " media device " .
you can try using universal adb driver from this link : https://github.com/koush/universaladbdriver
you need to install the samsung adb driver . you can install these by installing kies ( they will be installed automatically ) , or you can download and install the driver here - it says it is for the galaxy s2 , but it should work for all samsung devices . once installed , you may need to reboot your computer , and then connect your device . if that still does not work , go into your device manager and delete any unknown devices , or devices with question marks next to them ( highlight them , and press the delete key ) . once that is done , plug the device back in and the driver should install . you should then be able to see the device by using the adb devices command .
the easiest way to get this driver is from the samsung website . there is a link to a download that installs only the driver ( none of the bloat ) . see stackexchange-url for more details .
uninstall the samsung galaxy s3 driver . download and update your fingerprint sensor driver . in my case , i use the authentec driver . download and update your bluetooth device driver ( i.e. . broadcomm , etc ) reboot computer . re-install the galaxy s3 driver . connect device . device will look for software updates and everything should install . good to go !
no device can have all of its internal storage free for user . the operating system ( and pre-installed apps ) needs some space for itself . so nexus 4 does not give you 16 gb free either . the 16 gb version of nexus 4 gives user an approximate of 12.92 gb free . whereas , the 8 gb version of nexus 4 gives you an approximate of 5.67 gb free space to use . i do not have the device ( at least yet ) . this is what i have found in reviews / discussions .
i have a 16gb nexus 4 and i can report that settings -> storage indicates a total capacity of 12.92gb . there does not appear to be any restriction on how this is used . it is possible that there is some hidden limit , but if so there is no indication of such . it seems very likely that you can install as many gb of apps as you can fit on there :- )
did you turn off your apn access with something like apn widget ?
you may have turned off your apn . quick settings provides the most complete access to settings that i have seen . after you install it you have to customize the view to see all the different options but after you do you will be able to toggle the apn , mobile data , and airplane mode all separately to isolate which setting is not allowing you to connect .
you can use app2sd for this . keep in mind that not all apps can be moved to the sd card this way , also part of them will always remain in the internal storage . this does not require rooting . you do not actually need the app but you can also do this via the application section of the settings menu . app2sd offers a nicer interface and hides those applications you cannot move to the card , though . one alternative is link2sd . this application is able to move all apps completely to the card . the downside is that it is more difficult to set up as it requires root and a separate partition on the sd card .
press it , hold your finger over it , then a red trash can will appear . drag it to the trash can . press and hold to start the drag and drop . press and hold on an empty space to bring up a menu to add widgets . then select the search widget to bring it back .
the search bar is a built-in part of the default launcher and can not be moved or disabled . the least invasive way to get rid of it is to install a new launcher of your choice and use that instead of the default one . the old launcher is still installed , and will come back when you uninstall the new one , so the question is just whether you ought to install software on this device you have borrowed .
google search can be deactivated in the system settings , in the apps . it then appears at the bottom of the apps in the system settings , where it can be activated . it cannot be deinstalled . ( if it were able to be deinstalled , you can back it up using astro file explorer , and using any file exporer re-install it ) .
you cannot deactivate that , not to my knowledge anyway . you can install something like smart launcher , next launcher or go launcher which have extreme flexibility in what you can do . it is just like installing any other app , and the next time you hit your " home " button you select that launcher " just once " to test it out .
this is a simple and pretty straightforward way to restore deleted whatsapp stuff . all you need to do is uninstall the app and install it back . this would actually use all the backup files , and restore whatever it can . it works with videos also
once a media file is downloaded from the whatsapp server it is indeed deleted the from the server . see this article : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/general/28030002 the daily backups that other users are referring to only restore text and metadata content of messages . the media content ( eg : images and videos ) are stored on your device in a folder on the sdcard ( typically in a location such as : /sdcard/whatsapp/media/ ) and is not part of the daily backup and so must be retained in order for whatsapp to be able to find it . their are methods to restore files from flash media once deleted but this requires you to act quickly . i will not talk about this here since this is not your question .
every phone have option to remove the pattern lock . go to the 1 . setting 2 . security 3 . screen lock 4 . click 5 . option coming ( none , pattern , pin , password ) . 6 . choose none option . then you have remove the pattern lock . in android every phone have same process . above answer is also correct . i have updated only how to remove pattern lock specifically .
in your phone go to the settings options and check for security settings and find key lock settings . you will have some options like pin , pattern , none . pin is for the phone will ask you for a 4-digit number to unlock your phone . pattern is for the phone will ask you to draw the pattern for the phone to unlock the phone . the pattern should be the same as the pattern you had set . choose none for the phone will not ask for any pattern or pin to unlock your phone . in this way you will be free of any hassles to unlock your phone .
if everything else fails ( and your comment above says you cannot set the volumes separately as needed ) , you could take a look at volume ace , which not only allows you to set all volumes separately 1 , but even lets you create profiles 3 switchable via widgets 2 : this enables you to always have the right volume settings according to the situation .
this is unfortunately not something you can do without root . i found a fully fleshed out discussion about solutions and alternative options on stackoverflow . user andy notes : [ t ] his is currently not natively supported in android , although google has been saying it will be coming ever since android was officially launched . while not natively supported , the hardware on every android device released to date do support it . it is just disabled in software , and you would need to enable it in order to use these features . it is however , fairly easy to do this , but you need to be root , and the specifics may be slightly different between different devices . your best source for more informationa about this , would be xda developers : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=564 . most of the existing solutions are based on replacing wpa_supplicant , and is the method i would recommend if possible on your device . for more details , see http://szym.net/2010/12/adhoc-wifi-in-android/ . user silveri also notes that there are other options : [ i ] f you just want to share your laptop 's internet connection via wi-fi using any means necessary , then you have at least two more options : use your laptop as a router to create a wifi hotspot using virtual router or connectify . a nice set of instructions can be found here . use the wi-fi direct protocol which creates a direct connection between any devices that support it , although with android devices support is limited* and with windows the feature seems likely to be windows 8 only . *some phones with android 2.3 have proprietary os extensions that enable wi-fi direct ( mostly newer samsung phones ) , but android 4 should fully support this ( source ) .
there is nothing which would prevent apps from modifying data files in-place . if they do not do so , then it is because the app developer decided so .
to add to bmdixon 's answer , go into settings on your old nexus 4 or current nexus 5 , select " backup and reset " and have a look at the top option there : back up my data back up application data , wi-fi passwords and other settings to google servers
did you backup/restore your settings to/from google ? if so , that is why you can connect to these wireless networks . one of the things that gets backed up is the wireless network passwords so when you restored them back on your new device it is able to connect . android has built in backup functionality . it offers to backup settings ( including wifi settings ) automatically from each device . when you go through the set-up on a new device it then gives you the option to restore these settings . if you had this configured ( i think it is enabled by default ) then your wifi settings would have automatically been backed up on your nexus 4 and restored to your nexus 5 .
you can connect to your wifi even if it has password with the wps ( wi-fi protected setup ) . if wps is currently pressed or on in your modem other device could connect to the network without using the password . .
how to get into recovery mode unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume up ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 5 seconds to enter recovery mode . how to get into download mode ( eg : for odin ) unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume down ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 2 seconds until a warning ! screen appears . press the ' volume up ' button to enter download mode . to get out of download mode , simply press and hold the power button until the phone restarts .
building on redjax 's answer : in tasker , you can create a Task -&gt; Action -&gt; Alert -&gt; Notify that is triggered by the notification . just check the permanent box , and add an action that opens up the application in question .
assuming i am understanding your question correctly , you want a " pinned " notification , meaning a notification that stays in the notification bar after you tap it and open the app in question . if i am correct , you might want to look into apps that let you create your own notifications , like the app custom notification . this could clutter your app drawer a little bit though ; i know referencing tasker without a specific task is poor form , but you might check into the tasker subreddit , and tell them exactly what you are looking for . someone might be able to recommend a profile that pins a notification to the status bar until you are done with it .
i think you need to have google voice initiate your calls rather than the dialer app . generally speaking you had change the setting in the voice app for " making calls " to " use google voice to make all calls " . if you had like to be prompted before the call , then you can use " ask every time i make a call " . ( there is also an option to use it just for international calls . )
solution for english is to use voice commands . tap on a mike of a google search widget and say „navigate to ‚desired destination‘“ . in other languages you can find a voice assistant like antelli for czech who can launch the navigation for you the same way but in your language . ( set it to listen immediately after launch . ) or with english ui language you can say the command phonetically in your language set for speech recognition ( at least on android 4.4 ) . if you tell it well so the recognition writes the english word , the voice command will work .
one workaround i have found is to sync the phone calendar with kies to outlook calendar and edit in outlook then resync . the edited update is then picked up by the phone .
click on the actual event and then the menu button . goto Calendar -&gt; Click day -&gt; Click thru event -&gt; Click the menu button -&gt; Click edit
a signature error is often caused by trying to install custom firmware ( the rom ) with the stock revovery . the stock recovery will only install a factory image for the device , signed by the manufacturer . this means you can only install stock firmware with it . so you need a custom recovery , something like clockworkmod or twrp recovery . note : do at your own risk , and ensure you have the correct device model for this ! downloads : this is the link to twrp for the galaxy s3 . this is the link to clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery for galaxy s3 how to flash a new recovery with odin : step 1: prepare odin for flash make sure auto reboot and f . reset are checked , then click the pda button and load your . tar file . step 2: go into download mode on your gs3 you can do this by powering off your phone , and power back on by holding volume down + home + power . if you are on a custom rom , do not do this by holding the power button , select reboot , and select download mode . it can cause issues in certain models in odin . step 3: flash twrp press the start button on odin . then watch your phone do its thing and reboot . that is it , you now have the latest and greatest recovery available for the samsung galaxy s3 . before installing a new rom ensure you make a full nandroid backup in your new recovery . after you install the recovery , boot into it like before , then wipe cache / data and install your new rom .
i am not sure if it can or not , but tasker has a 7 day free trial if you download it from their website instead of android market . http://tasker.dinglisch.net/download.html so you can try it out yourself .
as it stands right now , tasker does not have that functionality . some researching indicates no third-party app can do that .
you can simply install the golauncherex and then install the go switch widget . it is awesome and lets you control lot of other functionality other than tethering .
have a look at tethering widget . its a free widget with nice look . it can be used to enable/disable wifi and usb tethering as well . to add , press home button Menu | Add | Widget | Tethering (full) / Tethering (small) 
sounds like it might be your rom . you could start by clearing the cache and dalvik . if it were me , i would back up my sms and mms and do a full flash . i doubt a factory reset alone will help . i had an issue with permissions when my phone was connected to usb with certain roms , sometimes accessing with my pc , sometimes through recovery . i have to believe it is rom related since the current version of pac-man i am using has been much more cooperative . i doubt it is driver related , but that'd be the safest starting point if you have sensitive data on your phone .
enable adb over usb in settings of your android device . with this , you can already use most of the apps from market . in terminal in android device , type setprop service.adb.tcp.port 5555 most programs from market do only second . for first , they need root ( like adb over wifi widget ) .
on newer android versions ( around 4.0 or so , do not know exactly ) , you can do this without the need for a 3rd part app . first , enable wifi tethering , and connect your computer to the hotspot . next , go to Settings-&gt;Developer Options and check ADB over TCP/IP . now , you have to get your device 's local ip . all you have to do is open up terminal emulator , and enter the netcfg command . look for the line that has ' wifi ' in it , and look to the far right - you should see an ip address . this is your device 's local ip . now just go to your computer , and type : adb connect &lt;devices local IP&gt; into a terminal .
the adb over wifi widget works over mobile ap connections , though it does require root . you had need to install it , place the widget on one of your home screens , and then tap it to turn on wireless adb connections . the widget should then show the ip you need to connect to ( ex : in my case it was 192.168.43.1 ) and the port to use ( mine was 8000 , but this is configurable ) . on your pc you then need to run : adb connect &lt;ip&gt;:&lt;port&gt;  so again using my device as an example , i used : adb connect 192.168.43.1:8000 
i found a plugin ! when i first looked , i did not realize locale plugins were compatible with tasker . the plugin is called " locale gtalk plug-in " by billy francisco . i have a galaxy nexus with ics , and it appears to be working fine ; my status was set properly by a task . there is a nearly identically named app , " locale gtalk plug-in free " by willem stoker ; reviews warned it includes air push advertising , so i did not install or test it .
i recently ran into this issue with my phone after downloading a battery saver app that i noticed had turned sync off after i had uninstalled the app . i read through all the comment answers above and no one came close to the stock rom 4.2 's data sync setup . in the ( current at time of post ) latest version of android the "Accounts &amp; Sync" has been removed and all accounts are inline in the settings ListView . individual accounts will only let you sync now , there is no option to "Turn Sync on" or "Auto Sync" my setup : verizon galaxy nexus android 4.2.2 stock rom build number : jdq39 what i did to resolve : go to settings -> data usage -> menu -> click auto-sync data
on stock android 4.2.2 on my galaxy nexus i had the same problem of gmail notifications not working . i checked that in settings> data usage " auto sync " was turned on . then i went to settings> accounts> google , hit the email address and you see everything that is being synced or not . weirdly for me it gmail sync was inactive after i had recently updated my rom . this should take care of this problem .
i was having a similar problem . just wait for a minute or so and that folder does get created eventually . of course the workaround is to either : create folder on a local windows drive and then copy it onto the phone or install custom recovery and reboot into it and activate usb mass storage
from the home screen Menu | Accounts &amp; sync should list all of your accounts on the device . tap the account you want and then tap the " remove account " button .
you can root your device without replacing the stock recovery or rom . however , if you ever want to flash a different rom you will need to flash another recovery like clockworkmod or twrp . you can even run the stock rom with a 3rd party recovery but you most likely will not be able to take ota os updates since those require the stock recovery .
a couple of things here : widgets use memory . the more widgets you have running , the more memory will be consumed thus slowing down the unit the more applications you have that will give ongoing notifications ( i.e. . twitter clients , weather apps , etc . ) the more memory will be used . some of these have to run as a background service to function on another note , i have found that if i am in an area where the signal is poor ( or i guess in this case where the phone thinks the signal is poor ) not only does my battery get used up faster , but it seems to slow my phone down . i think , and i do not have data to back this up , that if the phone struggles to find a signal it does degrade performance .
well , it sounds like you do not want to monkey much . ( otherwise i would recommend rooting and then installing vanilla 2.2 , which is going to be the most stable of any release ) . it sounds like the problem you experienced is just a flat out bug and might not have anything to do with any apps you are running . on the other hand , are you using any task-killing apps , or battery saving apps or anything that might be screwing around with system processes ? if you are , i would recommend getting rid of them -- they are generally cause more problems in the long-run than they solve . if not , then i am not sure what to tell you other than file a bug report or call verizon and complain , but neither of these options will fix your problem . if the problem was at root a signal issue , there is a way to update cell tower information , which verizon can help you with . it involves dialing a number and allowing an automatic update . but , if you did want to monkey a bit , then i do suggest flashing the vanilla froyo . it is just a little intensive , but would not take you longer than an hour . if you want information in this regard , i can provide you with a website that includes step by step instructions .
as romain guy , one of the android engineers , stated in a stack overflow answer : no , you cannot move the honeycomb status bar , either via a setting or programmatically ( meaning it is not possible for an app to move it for you ) . you had have to modify and build the honeycomb source if you wanted to have any chance of accomplishing this . you could , however , try to find an emulator that lets you move the controls to the top of the screen . i recall seeing one that had this option , but i do not remember which one ( i think it may have been snes9x , but i am not positive ) .
one of the apps , elderathis might be referring to is button savior . one does need to be rooted to make use of it , though .
on android &lt ; 3.0 or on firefox v8 or earlier i think you still have to use the clunky , not-so-intuitive method . you swipe the screen to the left and it will reveal a sidebar on the right side of the screen which has the bookmark star . press that and it bookmarks the page . how they expected to you to find this on your own i will never know . on honeycomb devices with firefox 9+ ( currently beta ) you just need to press the little star icon on the far right side of the address bar . it pretty much works just like the desktop version . annotated screenshot for the right sidebar :
you cannot download apps from the market without an account associated with your device . the only way to get apps without the market ( or an alternative market ) is to get it directly from the developer and " side-load " it .
short answer : you cannot . any app that you download through google 's android market requires a google account . there are some alternative markets for android out there . check out amazon 's appstore and slideme . org for example . you may find some of the apps you are interested in there .
google has no way of distinguishing between software that is free but licensed and freeware that has no restrictions ( though they could enforce some sort of selection for licence type on upload if they wanted , of course ) . there is no way ( without hacking , presumably ) to download apps from the market without logging in . there is nothing to stop an app maker from providing an alternate download , though .
if you have already backed up whatever might be important on the sd card ( images , video , any special files and such ) , then you are fine to go ahead and manually delete the contents .
/sdcard is part of the android file system structure . this is where it mounts your external drives , the sd card . you should not delete this partition . but you can delete the content of the directory either using an app or using rm -fr /sdcard/*
if your device is rooted , tasker can do that ( there is a free trial available at their website for you to check first ) . while you do not need to boot your device daily ( i do not boot it more often than once a month usually , if at all ) , i also thought about a weekly reboot on a device having problems otherwise ( my old wildfire started behaving oddly with calls after about 10 days uptime ) . so here we go , assuming a weekly reboot at monday morning 3am for a fresh week : condition : day &rarr ; day-of-week : pick " monday " time : set both , from and to time to 3am task : reboot i have to include a warning here from the tasker userguide on reboot : unfortunately , this is not a ' clean ' shutdown . neither android nor running applications are informed that the device is rebooting , so be prepared for possible data corruption . on the other hand , every other app that allows reboot does it the same way . so this warning does not apply to tasker alone , but obviously to all other solutions as well .
success ! i had the same exact problem on my nexus 4 , and all it took to get mine working was a forced shutdown , and starting it up again . for the nexus 4 , that is simply : hold down the power button for about 10 seconds ( the phone will shut down ) hold down the power button for about 2 seconds ( the phone will start up ) mine ran through the same " optimizing app x of y " that it had before , but seemed to do so faster than it had the first time , and then actually finished booting . when i went to check if android runtime was still chosen , it was not - it had failed back to dalvik , which is where it is going to stay on my phone for now .
as " art " versus " dalvik " is a setting the user can switch , a factory-reset should restore its previous ( default ) state – in this case , revert it to " dalvik " . reportedly , the following steps solved the issue in this case : complete wipe , including dalvik cache and data ( can be done from recovery-mode , and is equivalent to a factory-reset ) re-flashing the rom ( imho an optional step , as the previous one should suffice ) remark : there is a good reason that switch is a little hidden ; art is still " experimental " , and not intended for " everyday use " . it was placed with the developer 's options just to give developers a way to already test their apps for compatibility .
problem solved , but i do not understand what happened . while i got stuck on &lt;waiting for device&gt; message , i have tried Reboot bootloader option and process has been successfully completed . but i have not to do this first time when i was unlocking , rooting , and installing recovery and aokp .
assuming you are using google calendar and that the contacts are not being stored on your sim card , all you need to do is set up your new device with the same google account that you used to set up the previous phone ( s ) . if you are storing the contacts on the sim , there is an option in the contacts to move them to google contacts . as for installing your apps , any apps you have paid for will automatically download and reinstall from the android market ( again , provided you use the same google account on both devices ) . you can also use services like appbrain to create lists that you can then use to mass install apps on another device . i would recommend using titanium backup to back apps up on one device to your sd card , then either transfer the sd card to the backup files to the new device , install titanium backup on the new device , and then restore from that . that way you get too keep you settings for the apps , too . do not backup the system settings though , as going from one device model to another may be problematic .
i had a similar issue once . it occurred immediately after i got a refund for another app that did not work ( i bought the one that got " stuck " to replace the refunded one ) . i was lucky in that after an hour or so the download started on its own and everything was fine . so that is one option . another is to contact the seller of the app , explain what happened , and ask for a cancellation/refund . hopefully it fixes the issue , but if not you will at least be able to get your money back .
i am not sure why this happened . . . i suspect it was due to my open issue with the android market team . . . however i suddenly got an email that my order for this app had been canceled : hello joshua , your order has been canceled and you have not been charged . reason : other ( describe below ) comments : we could not complete your order in a timely fashion . your order has been automatically canceled . please retry your purchase . i was then able to purchase and pay for the app again , and this time , it downloaded !
have a look at my mobiler . it is free and works like a charm . i use it while developing on both windows mobile and android , especially when needing to demonstrate the applications but also while debugging . it solves your problem by showing the screen properly and you can rotate it ( which it does automatically ) . it even has easy screen capturing and video recording .
personally , i use share keyboard and mouse . it is two-part software . run the app on your device and run a service on your pc . i use it because it offers control via usb connection , bluetooth and wi-fi . i have found that bluetooth method is nearly impossible to use due to lag . it works on both rooted and unrooted devices . usb debug needs to be enabled and it requires superuser access for rooted devices if you use wi-fi or bluetooth . install the android app here and the pc app here .
try using team view app . here is the link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.teamviewer.teamviewer.market.mobile&amp;hl=en  now a new functionality called as screen cast has come . hope we find more apps related to the same .
if you built the image yourself then google 's proprietary apps would not have been included as they are not open source . the easiest way to get them is probably to just use the cyanogenmod9 gapps package , which can be downloaded here ( top of the table ) . if you have a custom recovery image then you can simply install the . zip file from your recovery , otherwise you will have to manually install each of the files in the . zip ( they have a folder structure that mimics your device ) . the reason why the web market is not working is because it tries to use c2dm to push the app to the device , but this requires the market app to be installed on the device . you cannot download the . apk from the market manually .
webpages can opt out of autofill ; intended to be added security for banks and other sites requiring higher than normal security . there are ways to circumvent this in firefox , chrome and ie but i have not figured out how to do it for android . whats the origin of the android browser code base ? that might be another place to look .
it could possibly be due to blocking cookies . if you do not accept the cookie it will never remeber who you are . check the setting for : menu-> settings-> accept cookies
use an app called loginbox . it is a browser that specialize in remembering the complete login process .
i have gmail 4.3.1 on my at and t 4.1.1 s3 . i find that the Archive and Reply action buttons only appear on the new mail notification sometimes . as near as i can tell , two conditions need to be true for them to appear : there must be only one new email . multiple new emails will change the notification style to a list of new emails . so if you get a lot of email , you will never see the action buttons . there must be enough room in the notification pane to show an expanded notification without needing to scroll the notifications . so if you have a lot of ongoing notifications , you will never see the expanded new mail notification with the two action buttons .
there are custom kernels supporting the htc logo as a button . you might e.g. want to check tbaldens kernel @ xda , which is available in different variants underlying the logo with different features : home2wake and htclogo2sleep home2wake and htclogomenu watch the videos over at xda-developers to see how it works . it is not the combination you asked for , but maybe that one was added later as a variant ( another dev continued with a fork in this second thread , which lists a few more details ) , or you can ask the dev to do so .
the problem is with the s2e on 4.2.2 . i wiped everything , it worked . now i reinstalled s2e and it will not work . edit : main user had no access to write sd-ext . i created a code added init . d to set sd-ext with chmod 777 .
you can call between avd 's . run 2 avd , each will have diffrent number - it is placed on window title bar , example 5558 . call from one to other using this numbers . you can also text ; ] in your avd you simply cannot use real celluar network because your pc/mac do not have built-in gsm modem ( even if , avd is not supporting this kind of feature ) .
you can use any ordinary microphone that uses unbalanced connectors with suitable adaptors like this 3,5mm one . however , the resulting quality will depend on the dacs of the device and the application used , an external mic can only do so much .
i have got the same device ( takju , 4.1.1 ) and i do not have the issues you mentioned . i have been using exdialer as my dialer for some time , so it might be my default dialer , or it might be something else . try exdialer and see if it does the trick . i am not fully confident of my suggestion as i am not sure whether the dialer can really have this effect . but it is worth a try .
you can use Lock Screen After The Call . for more details , visit this link .
what rom are you on , stock or custom ? if custom , which one ? if you can be persuaded to move to a custom rom , try paranoidandroid 's latest for the galaxy s ( assuming that is the device you currently have ) . no such problems with their roms . i have it on two devices .
to answer this question , it appears ( at least in my case ) that the app skyvi was the problem . almost all my android issues ( including random restarting ) were sorted when i removed that app .
there are a few ways to install an app : post it online ( with something like dropbox ) and navigate to the url in your tablet 's browser use the marketplace if it is listed there use adb install to do it make sure on the device that you have checked the checkbox listed at Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Unknown Sources if it is not in the market . this will allow you to install non-market apps .
you can download apkinstaller from android market and install it . after that just put your application apk in your tablet sdcard , and click on apkinstaller you will get your apk here . just click on your apk it will b installed .
another thing that you may want to uncheck is the alerts for open wireless networks and forget all the networks your phone has already connected to , as most android phones are , by default , set up to re-connect to wireless networks they have already connected to . you can find these options , as matthew read said above , under settings > wireless and network .
if it was turned off , it would not be able to detect the network . go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; Wi-Fi settings and uncheck wi-fi to disable wi-fi .
you do not need an official " skin " . you just need to figure out what screen dimensions and memory capacity the device you want to test has and create a deployment target file .
solved . asus released the new firmware in its website . flashing it unbricked my device : download the stock firmware from asus’s official website . on the website , select android in the os drop down menu , then select firmware , and download the latest firmware . extract the downloaded firmware file . you will get another archive file . extract this one as well to get several files . one of these files will be named “ blob ” , which is the one we need to use . install android sdk for windows . shut down the tablet . hold power + vol down buttons until a message appears saying “press vol . up to enter rck ( 5s ) ” . however , do not press the volume up button . instead , wait for 5 seconds till a new menu appears . then , in less than 10 seconds , press volume down once to highlight the usb icon , then press the volume up button to validate . open command prompt on your computer from start » all programs » accessories ( or open start menu , type cmd and press the enter button ) . now , type the following commands in command prompt to flash the stock rom , pressing enter after each command : > cd c : . . . \path-to-andoid-sdk\platform-tools\ > fastboot devices > fastboot -i 0x0b05 flash system c : . . . \path-to-blob\blob > fastboot -i 0x0b05 reboot source : http://www.theandroidsoul.com/how-to-restore-asus-transformer-tf300t-back-to-stock/ more details : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1846661
as far as i know the stylus used with the galaxy note is special and works only with this particular device , so using that input method with different phones would mean to use the finger instead . having tried the handwriting recognition of the note i found that it is not quite as good as it seemed on first glance and i went back to using " graffiti for android " which i had already been using for the google nexus one . on the galaxy note it also works with the stylus but the recognition rate using the finger is also quite good .
the " graffiti " writing technology from the old palmos devices is available for android now , and supports letter at a time text input with a stylus ( or presumably a finger ) . graffiti for android . however , something like diopen or penreader seems to be more what you are after . they both have very mixed reviews , and do seem to be better on some devices than others , and take some getting used to .
use foldersync . i was using it to sync folders with google docs . after upgrading to google drive , sync still works . i have just tested by adding new google drive account . google drive is fully supported . just , choose Google Docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its free lite version is also in play store , but with some limitations . it supports two-way sync as well as one-way sync ( up or down ) . you can use its up sync for backup purpose . it also supports filters based on size , extension etc . so , if you want to backup all photos from your sd card , the app is good to go . it features Delete after Upload , too . you can schedule sync jobs , too . so , it can do backups automatically without any hassle . the best : it features Instant Sync . if you turn it on , files will be synced as long as they will be modified or added in folder .
even though android beam and s beam serve similar purposes , they actually work very differently and are not compatible with one another . android beam uses nfc to pair your devices over bluetooth , then transfers files over the bluetooth connection . i believe it can also transfer very small pieces of data ( contacts , links , etc ) directly over nfc , as the ice cream sandwich version highlights page implies : for larger payloads , developers can even use android beam to initiate a connection and transfer the data over bluetooth , without the need for user-visible pairing . s beam , however , uses wi-fi direct to perform data transfers instead of bluetooth . their reasoning for doing this is that wi-fi direct offers faster transfer speeds ( they quote up to 300 mbps ) . therefore , this will only work with other s beam enabled devices , currently limiting it to communication between two galaxy s3s . however , the sgs3 also supports android beam , so you can use that to transfer something between a gnex and an sgs3 . here is a tutorial on sprint 's website ( should be essentially the same for other versions of the sgs3 ) .
from ics onwards , go to Settings-> Security-> Trusted credentials .
on ics or later you can check this in your settings . go to Settings-&gt;Security-&gt;Trusted Credentials to see a list of all your trusted cas , separated by whether they were included with the system or installed by the user . earlier versions of android keep their certs under /system/etc/security in an encrypted bundle named cacerts.bks which you can extract using bouncy castle and the keytool program . the summary is to first pull the bundle using adb ( you need a root shell ) then you can use bouncy castle to list the contents of the bundle : there is also at least one app that you can try if you had prefer not to use the shell : cacertman ( requires root to modify the list , but should allow you to view the list without root ) . i believe it came about due to the diginotar fiasco since there were no particularly easy ways for a user to revoke the cert at the time . since the certs are stored differently on ics and later this app will only work on devices running gingerbread ( or earlier ) , but it is obsolete on ics/jb anyway .
after trying a few apps , i settled on kiescast by samsung . pros simple intuitive ui . has almost all settings that one would generally need without being overly complex . play speed from 0.5x to 2.0x . skip interval is configurable . very good podcast search . plays videos as well . cons sometimes cpu use goes thru the roof . loses the play position sometimes after the podcast is stopped . ad supported . can not complain as it is free but company like samsung should be able to support it without ads . moreover , while listening the screen can shut off and thus no ads . in video play mode i have not seen any ads as i usually watch video full screen .
there is an app in the google play store called advanced home button . although this app will not allow you to directly configure home button 's single press , this may allow you to replace the double-tap which is configurable . however , this app does mean replacing your default launcher ( in your case , adw launcher ) . you , may , though , try it out whatsoever and see if it helps your issue . edit : there have been many negative responses on the app saying the app causes issues with the home button . so you need to be careful while installing such an app .
actually the bad news is that everyone has the same problem . its dead slow ! ! . try using the intel based emulator ( instead of the arm-7 ) and download the haxm software that intel provides . its available for the mac too . you can download the intel based emulator and the haxm software ( only for windows i guess ) from the sdk manager .
solution that will work 100% of the time , without deleting data , killing android processed , etc . according to the source of cryptfs . h ( http://code.metager.de/source/xref/cyanogenmod/android/system/vold/cryptfs.h ) it is necessary to have 16 kb of empty space on you fs to perform encryption . plus the 32 byte of padding and 16 bytes for the salt and however many bytes your encryption password takes up . . . i just leave 32 mb to make sure , tried with lesser amounts and android does not like . detailed instruction on how to do that can be found here ( http://forum.cyanogenmod.org/topic/82292-cm102-encryption-does-not-start-stuck-at-splash-screen/ ) but basically you must issue a few commands from adb . for my 12 gb tablet the commands are as follows : now install your rom and apps as you normally would . . . then when you are ready to encrypt boot into safe mode by long pressing the power button until the shutdown menu comes up and then long pressing the reboot button and a confirmation of booting into safe mode will come up , say yes and you will be rebooted into safe mode . once in safe mode , go to settings and encrypt your tablet . could also do with adb like this : adb root adb shell ~# vdc cryptfs enablecrypto inplace MyEncryptionPassword  please mark this post as the answer if it helped you . thanks !
i was able to encrypt my nexus 4 after removing lot of data from the device . with about 4 gb of free memory ( half of my total 8 gb ) the encryption was successful .
i had the same problem . daj 's advice was the solution . i downloaded a memory management app and killed every non-stock process i could find . i used titanium backup to freeze apps that kept restarting . then i attempted encryption and it did a quick boot and then began the encryption process . this is the final solution .
had this issue also . solved it by switching of wifi on the device . i am on a samsung galaxy s4 with android 4.3 hope this helps solve your issue . cheers
ive been able to complete the encryption process . in used a memory management app to kill everything but min requirements . than it worked . hope this helps
there was a similar issue in android 4.2 whereby encryption failed as described if the phone was plugged into a computer 's usb port , but worked if plugged into a charger . i do not know when this bug first appeared or whether it has been fixed in a more recent version , but it is worth trying a plain charger .
i guess this is the most complete list : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_android_devices if you wanna see in % -> http://developer.android.com/resources/dashboard/platform-versions.html
autostarts parses the application manifests . that is really the best way . ( there is a seemingly auto-generated broadcast_actions . txt file shipped with the android sdk , but it is not complete , in my experience ) . depending on what is wanted , you need to consider : that apps can broadcast custom events , and other apps may listen to those custom events . that apps can register themselves to receive events at runtime , as opposed to statically in the manifest . autostarts will not list those , and i am not aware that such temporary registrations are exposed in any way . autostarts only lists broadcast events . events can also be sent directly to specific activities of specific applications . autostarts will not list those , but the information can be found in the manifests . you can also look at /data/system/packages . xml on your phone , which is where the packagemanager services caches information about installed packages ( so it does not have to parse the manifests ) . i do not remember if it contains information about intents - i vaguely remember that it might not include any application components that have been disabled , but i am not sure .
according to several other similar questions on stackoverflow , such a list is not available via apis . i am not sure how apps like tasker produce such lists . i would not rule out iterating through all possible intents via the queryintentactivities ( ) function , or even parsing each installed app 's manifest file .
you might be able to change fonts in the browser depending on your phone , whether it is rooted , and whether the phone supports changing the core fonts . if it does support changing the core fonts you will need to apply the fonts wrapped as an . apk ( there are lots available ) or do it manually ( but i suspect that needs root ) . there may be other explanations - but here is one which though poorly written is a pretty good explanation .
there is no easy way to do this . android ships with two fonts : droid sans and droid serif . they are used for , well , everything . in ice cream sandwich , it also ships with roboto , a grotesque font similar to helvetica and din . this will become less and less of an issue in the future as design-conscious web developers are using @font-face and serving up the fonts they use . also , keep in mind , those fonts you name are not free . they are " web safe " because they ship with windows . they are commercial fonts owned by microsoft .
gallery data may not be the main matter . the cache and ram have to be cleared . just see that ram is at least 40% free . uninstall / clear unwanted apps .
just go to settings --> more --> storage --> miscellaneous --> delete all data by check all file . before you delete all miscellaneous data make sure you had move the important file to external memory or pc . hope it helped : )
i was facing the same issue after the 4.2.2 feb 6 , 2014 update . did a factory reset and i am able to run applications now . the dialing and answering the call problem is resolved , but on the whole , the mobile still lags .
i was able to fix up the issue by clearing gallery data . go to settings --> more --> application manager --> all applications --> gallery --> . . . here you will see data reported in hunderds of mbs . press clear data button and once that is complete , you phone should be back to normal .
seems dhcp is not enabled on wifi router , you may need to ask others to obtain dns address , to connect to internet , dns info is required as well
i find bluetooth connections with ubuntu to be a bit unreliable . i have tried it on a number of machines . i have also tried a variety of bluetooth adapters . i am not sure if it is the various adapters that i have been using . i tried to find a recommended bluetooth manufactor specification , but did not have luck . it is not clear what you mean by adb connect xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx it is my understanding that you have to specify a port when you use the adb to connect ( outside of using a direct connection from the usb ) . you can have very reliable transfers and connection using your usb or your wireless . since you make a reference to adb , i am sure you already have the android sdk package installed . so you have access to the adb transfer features ( push/pull ) , using the usb connection . to use the wireless connection for adb you have to first connect usb then activate the adb tcpip connection to your android . this is done by issuing the following command and specifying the port you want to use . after this activation you can unplug the usb cable and have adb wireless connection that will last until your android is rebooted . $ adb tcpip 5123  in this example i specified a port that would be unlikely to be a default port for an automatic connection such as an avd . after you have activated the wireless adb connection for the android you can connect to it by specifying it is ip address and port when issuing your connect command : $ adb connect 192.168.1.102:5123  i believe your problems connecting adb has to do with your connection setup and parameters .
usually recent versions of android handles these network switching automatically . when you are connected to wifi , your content would be streamed via wifi connection . you can confirm this the mobile network symbol - h/h+/e/4g would not be available in the status bar of the mobile . usually , android manages wifi and mobile network automatically , i.e. , when both wifi and mobile internet is enabled and if wifi is avaialble , mobile internet is not used . when u leave the wifi network , you would get connected via mobile data . hope this helps : )
if you are stuck on samsung logo -> unplug your device from computer -> go in recovery mode -> reset to factory . . and try again installing everything as it should be . also add your new rom into your storage , and when you are in recovery mode install the new rom and everything should be fine
the firmwares files you are trying to flash using odin have bootloaders removed and they are for s5570 while you have s5570i . you should download the firmwares that are specific to your phone from here http://www.sammobile.com/firmware/?page=3t=1o=1m=gt-s5570ir=1#modelsa 1 hope your problem gets resolved if it isnt till now . . .
heyy man try odin 1.84 it is good with galaxy mini http://www.4shared.com/get/zqfln-si/odin_v184.html
unless the rom is specifically designed to allow some kind of default set-up ( and i do not know any that are ) , you can only do this by building the rom yourself from source . you can edit the build scripts to remove any apps or features you do not need , and the source code to change the default settings , then compile a rom image yourself . you do not say why you are flashing a rom every few hours . obviously if you are flashing different roms , changing the source each time is going to be harder than just setting the settings on the device . if it is essentially the same rom you are flashing each time , then you can keep your settings across flashes by simply not wiping the userdata partition when you flash the new rom . bear in mind that if the roms are significantly different , this may make the new rom unstable , because it is trying to use settings files that were written by the old rom .
while writing the question i found the solution . explanation in odin mode , when the phone accepts a new recovery to be flashed , the original samsung recovery of 4.1 rom automatically does everything to avoid being flashed , that is actually re-flashing itself on reboot , just like a good ol ' computer virus ! solution run heimdall with --no-reboot flag , or if you are using odin for windows , uncheck the auto reboot checkbox . when flashed , physically remove battery and disconnect usb power supply . congratulations , you just have clockworkmod recovery installed ! !
it needs factory reset to get it off , is it true ? a factory reset will clear all personal data liked with your google account and all other data , settings , and apps that you have downloaded . will factory reset delete everything including pre-installed app ? your pre-installed apps will not be deleted . however , your data for those apps will be deleted ! so the pre-installed apps will still be there , it will be like you are using them for the first time . factory reset is simply resetting your device to the original image of the current rom . this youtube video is a good resource to learn more about factory reset .
by pre-installed do you mean system apps , or do you mean apps that you downloaded of google play ? it is true that you have to reset your device to get rid of the first google account you added . system apps ( that came with the phone ) will not be erased , but their data will . custom downloaded apps ( that you downloaded off google play and installed ) will be erased .
what is factory reset ? first , the word " factory reset " might be a bit misleading -- as one can easily tell by your first comment to your question : if the device ships with gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) pre-installed , and after a while offers an update to e.g. ice cream sandwhich ( android 4.0 . x ) which you perform -- a factory-reset thereafter will not reset it to gingerbread . to understand what happens at a factory reset , you need to know some of the way android 's file system works . to make that easier to understand , i will abstract ( and simplify ) this a bit : there are multiple partitions created on the storage of the device . a few examples include : /system , which normally is " read-only " . here the android system incl . its pre-installed apps reside /data , which is " read/write " . here go all the user 's data , incl . the apps ( s ) he installs there are some more partitions , which i will ignore for this example . with a new device , /system contains the android system plus pre-installed apps , as stated above -- while /data is empty . that is the " factory state " , we could say . now you switch your device on , and go through the wizard : creating/configuring your account etc . these data are stored in /data . so will the apps you download from the playstore , etc . a factory reset now will return your device to " factory state": it will wipe all data it can . as /data is read/write , it will get wiped . /system is read-only , so it will not get wiped . this includes the pre-installed apps . your google account data have been stored in /data , so they will get wiped apps you have installed from the playstore were stored in /data , including their settings and data -- so they will be gone as well . the google account linked as you can see from above description , a factory-reset will " unlink " the connected google account . in my eyes , that is like i want to delete a file : sure , when i format the entire disk the file is gone . . . so there must be other ways which keep your data intact . at least in earlier versions of android , there was a different approach ( not sure if that still works , though ) . as a factory-reset as the " last ressort " would either delete all your personal data , it does no harm to try the following in advance : if it still works , great -- if it does not , you still can do the reset : from your homescreen , open settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps one after the other , open all google apps you can find ( gmail , playstore , gtalk , google storage . . . ) and press the " delete cache " plus " delete data " buttons . if they are greyed out , you might need to " force stop " the app first ( there is another button for that ) reboot your device if this trick still works , your account should be gone by now ; maybe even the wizard will pop-up again automatically . side effects one thing to keep in mind when changing the linked google account are your payed apps . they are bound to the account you have bought them with -- so they might stop working when that account is no longer there , and most will do so . if you no longer want to use your old account , you need to buy them again .
i think it is the result of a new synchronization option in 2.1 or 2.2 . on the first boot it asks whether you want to store some information about your apps online . i found it quite confusingly worded and was surprised by this effect . iirc you can prevent this from happening by refusing all the synchronization on the first boot . and i learned to only update when on wifi . .
try clearing you data and cache on the download manager . . . menu button > settings applications > manage applications ( wait 15-30 sec to load ) > download manager clear cache and clear data .
maybe you are flashing an ancient rom , where the built-in apps all are now outdated ? for a fast way to stop downloads , shut off the wifi , 3g , and all connectivity ?
try hacker 's keyboard , it has a tab key , at least in the layouts i use . the keyboard can be pretty space-consuming on smaller screens , so be warned .
if you have a device with a d-pad like the droid it will allow you to jump from element to element on a website like the tab button on a computer keyboard . i believe the devices with a trackball like the n1 also allow this . i have seen some apps that offer an on screen " virtual " d-pad but i can not seen to find them now .
sometimes there may be interference from other electronic / microwave equipment . in your router / access point 's settings change the channel and see if there is any improvement . also , do not be taken in so much by the bars displayed . very often , i see only 2 bars , but in the wifi settings , i see the signal strength displayed as excellent . the other usual rules apply - place your router as high as you can . place it away from other cordless phones or electronic devices that can generate interference .
i think you are referring to a hack commonly known as " apps-to-sd " ( a . k.a. " apps2sd " or " a2sd " on some forums ) . this is where you re-partition your sd card to have an ext2/3/4 partition after the main fat32 one , and then use a custom rom/kernel combination that allow moving certain parts of os to that partition . namely , all 3rd-party downloaded apps , phone 's cache , and in some cases app data and dalvik-cache . also keep in mind that as with all custom roms and kernels , this needs to be built for a specific device , so you will need to find a rom with built-in apps-to-sd support for your specific handset . this trick does free up a portion of internal memory for use as ram . however , as with most such solutions there are many cons to be aware of . sd card needs to be re-partitioned in a very particular way ( data will be lost during partitioning , so back it up . ) speed rating of the sd card will play a large role in the system 's overall performance and stability . slower cards will cause delays in apps starting up , for example . the phone will not be able to function if you remove the sd card , since the 2nd ext partition is now used by the phone as if it was part of its internal memory . extra wear and tear on the sd card from excessive writes . unlike the eprom in flash memory , the sd cards are not really designed for many write cycles , so as time goes on you will find the card wearing out sooner than usual . device will not be as stable . you may see anr ( application not responding ) messages more often , as even the fastest sd cards are still much slower than the internal flash memory . data corruption on the sd card is a real issue , and can render your phone inoperable , requiring a complete re-flashing of the rom and loss of all data . so have recent backups always , and preferably not on the sd card itself .
check the adw launcher . an open desktop , lots of functionalities ( does not replace the notification bar as it is an integral part of the system
that is the stock recovery screen . when you are on that screen ( with the ' dead ' android ) you need to hold the power button and then press the volume up button . that should get you into the recovery . if you install a custom recovery then you will not see this screen , it will go straight into the custom recovery . unless you need to install a custom recovery you can use your phone with the stock recovery .
i finally found the solution ( actually i even had left it behind . . . ) . sometime after i posted this question i create another folder and after a while it began to have the same problem . today i realized that both folder had one common caracteristic : they contained characters beyond the basic ascii table ( one was called " músicas " and the other , " vídeos " . when i renamed them ( "musicas " and " videos " , respectively ) , the issue was solved .
there are obviously some serious issues with your configuration and possibly ( the battery issue ) the device . if you cannot access the device with the pattern or your gmail login , you will need to factory reset it . with all the other issues you are having , it is probably your best option anyway . plus if you send it for repair , that will be the first thing that gets done to it anyway .
you can use font installer . this app requires root .
cdma phones do not use sim cards , that is the most obvious way to tell . ( some world phones are both cdma and have gsm hardware and sim cards , but that is not relevant here ) . most carriers are only one or the other so your carrier should be a good indication as well .
there is a forum post at xda-developers which details a fairly involved and definitely for the faint at heart . however , do not follow that guide , it is included only for posterity , and there is an easier way to skin your particular cat . at this point , cue the huge disclaimer that a lot of things might go wrong when doing this , and always be sure to follow the instructions as closely as possible . when in doubt , ask . also , while this guide probably will not change much between versions of the recovery tool , always read the official documentation first and use this as a handy checklist . revolutionary whiskey tango foxtrot is revolutionary ? brought to you by the same guys that worked on unrevoked and alpharev which have been traditionally used to root htc devices , revolutionary is a new s-off and recovery tool for next-generation devices . the list of currently supported devices is here . okay , what do i need to do ? download revolutionary . versions for windows and linux are available . windows users : download and install also these fastboot drivers . when downloading , also request a beta key . select your device type , and put in your serial number . if you are running the stock rom , your device s/n should be in Settings-&gt;About Phone-&gt;Phone Identity-&gt;Device Serial Number . if you are running a custom rom , this number might not be there , so you can either check the box your device came from , or ( better ) find it on a sticker below your battery . it is a good idea to also write this down somewhere for future reference . you can find the hboot version of your device , in case there are several , by booting it into recovery mode : turn your device off , then turn it on while holding simultaneously the volume down key and the power button . the hboot version should be visible somewhere on the recovery screen . okay , now you have everything you need . make a backup of your phone . no , seriously , make a backup of your sd card and any application information you had like to keep . contacts , smses , and everything you can think of . better safe than sorry . there are free tools on the market that can help you . if you are going to install custom roms , now would be the time to copy them to the device 's sd card . extract the revolutionary archive in a convenient location on your computer , and run the executable ( revolutionary or revolutionary.exe , depending on your platform ) . connect your device to the computer . remember to enable usb debugging when doing so ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development ) . when prompted for the beta key , supply what your key , and then follow the instructions on screen ( basically , confirm a few times that you do indeed know what you are doing ) . it might take a few minutes , and your device will reboot a few times . it worked , and my phone 's not even bricked ! welcome to the club ! flash a snazzy new rom like a king , and enjoy responsibly your newly-gained privileges . some things you might want to do , though : before doing anything else , make a backup of your stock rom from the recovery mode , in case you had like to restore it later ( for example , to take advantage of the device warranty , or when selling it ) . if you are only after a root without installing a custom rom , then you will also need to install the superuser application from the recovery . if you had rather flash a custom rom , you will not need this , most roms also includes superuser as a part of their base install . for information how to install your rom of choice , consult the documentation supplied by the rom vendor .
this looks like a server-side problem to me- you might want to ask this on on stackexchange-url you really should shorten your urls server-side , because your users are most likely not going to install a separate application just to scan your qr codes . here are a few links to get you started : http://budurl.com/page/what-is-budurl http://bitly.com/pro/help#shortdomain http://yourls.org/
try scanlife qr code reader . i think it may help you .
just download an app from the market called phoneusage . it will track how many minutes , text messages , and data you use . you can even view a break down of which apps use how much traffic , and it only tracks over 3g , not wifi .
the sync traffic for gmail/facebook/weather/ . . . is neglectable ( if you have normal text messages with small attachments ) . for skype voice calls , you should estimate 4-7 kib/s ( ~ 25 mib/h ) . users always underestimate the 1gb included traffic . i had the same thought , that it could get tight at the end of the month . but i forgot that : at home and at work my phone uses wlan and therefore does not utilize the data plan 1gb is very much , if you just do some surfing/browsing . ( of course , if you start downloading dvd images or some kind of torrents , the 1gb will be consumed fast )
.zip files are generally flashable from recovery , odin 's .tars are indeed a completely different format . if flashing a kernel you can convert them relatively easily ( thought i will not get into it here ) but it will not work for a whole rom . you will need to find an odin package . xda is your best bet , but see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
you can tar all the content . then , you can use it with odin .
use 7-zip to unzip and repackage as . tar file ( the same way as you had zip files )
the problem has been solved . my device ( 3g ) had android 4.2 installed initially . however the multiple user functionality is only available with android 4.2.1 . my device did not show the udpate . today it did - no idea why - and now the item is visible .
following an ota upgrade to android 4.1.1 , this problem appears to have been fixed . on unlocking , the clock widget immediately shows the correct system time .
from your description . . it would appear that the widget is just polling ( ntp to internet timeserver ) , rather than ever trusting the inbuilt ( battery backed ) clock . this could simply be a design decision / flaw .
i know the K stands for kitkat , but not sure what the others mean . you might want to check the codenames , tags , and build numbers documentation for more information . KRT16M would refer to android-4.4_r1 , the Initial KitKat version, Nexus 5 (hammerhead) .
per this : . . . the first letter is the release family ( e . g . kitkat ) , second letter is the branch code ( release or testing ) , and the next three characters indicate date code ( quarter beginning in q1 2009 , day number within quarter ) .
no ; a device-side app can not force the pc to share its internet connection . one option might be to connect the device and mount the storage to the pc , so the data could be uploaded to a website or emailed . this has its own issues -- depending on the pc os and the particular phone , drivers might be needed -- but it should work in some cases .
sounds like a hardware problem to me , like the internal power supply . fixing would probably require a change of the logic board . if the device is still under warranty , i would just return it as defective .
all apps ( root or not ) have a default data directory , which is /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; . by default , the apps databases , settings , and all other data go here . if an app expects huge amounts of data to be stored , or for other reasons wants to " be nice to internal storage " , there is a corresponding directory on the sdcard ( Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . apart from that , all apps can store data anywhere on the sdcard , as there are no restrictions -- and many apps do so . they can use directory names freely ( and they again do ) , which is what often makes it hard to decide what all that " junk " on the card is intended for , and what of it can be deleted . though , as tom pointed out , root-apps could store their data almost everywhere on your device , they usually follow the same rules as other apps . you can find a general explanation of the android directory hierarchy in my answer here . for your specific question i might add some more details on the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( and corresponding sd-part ) : databases/: here go the app 's databases lib/: libraries and helpers for the app files/: other related files shared_prefs/: preferences and settings cache/: well , caches there might be several more directories in this place , or fewer -- it all depends on the app . in its own " home directory " ( and that is what it basically is , spoken linux-wise ) they can place files where they want . usually , these files and directories are only accessible by the app itself ( and root , of course ) -- other than those stored on the sdcard , which are accessible by all apps .
the answer to your question you are asking is too big . i can , however , give you a basic answer which covers the basics . there are two kinds of apps : root and non-root . root apps can basically store/modify files wherever they want . non-root apps can only store/modify files here : /sdcard/ and every folder what comes after . mostly , the installed apps store themselves at /sdcard/Android/data or /sdcard/Android/obb . some apps store their save games/configuration data files on /sdcard/APPNAME/ , or just on the /sdcard/ to be able to use root apps , you will need to have rooted your android device and have given permission from one of the superuser apps .
well , after a bit of searching i have found a ( strange ) workaround . in the browser language settings add an unsupported language at the bottom of the list ( i chose faroese because i thought the chances of market support were slim ) and then restart the browser . at this point the market website will display in english for me .
add the language parameter to the end of the url : https://market.android.com/?hl=enlr=lang_en
android has many apps that run either in background ( such as accuweather daemon ) or only appear as widgets ( for example typoclock ) . since these two apps do not need the user to open them from the launcher , they do not add an icon to it . the same happens with live wallpapers . if you use a root explorer or another root app that will let you see all the installed apps , you will see that the list is higher than the apps that appear in the launcher .
as far as i know , android is not setup to use hosts . allow and hosts . deny however , it is setup to use a standard hosts file in /system/etc/hosts unfortunately , it does not support wildcards , so it might be difficult to limit the device to a single domain via that method . iptables probably are your best bet - perhaps you could post the rules you attempted , and i can see if there is anything that could be causing them to run too slow ?
if you have saved the previous version 's .apk , you can re-instate it . that is why i have appmonster pro backup restore installed and running : it captures each and every .apk installed , so i can always revert to a previous version . if you do not have the old .apk available , and you are talking about a free app , you can check android drawer for a previous version 's .apk . download it , make sure you have unknown-sources enabled in your settings , and launch the .apk e.g. from a file explorer . this should install the ( old version of the ) app without you losing any data .
you can first try to do this : go to setting > manage application> google playstore > clear data if that wont stop your problem , you can download backup apps from many other sites on line . try 1mobile market or mobomarket etc . if your phone is rooted , try titanium backup http://www.papktop.com/titanium-backup-%e2%98%85-root-5-5-0-1.html you need to enable ' unknown sources ' in setting > security tab in order to install apps not from play store .
short answer : yes and no . using three accounts will not run the battery down in itself : by far the bigger factor is how much activity there is . to take an example , gmail uses push messages ( via google cloud messaging , gcm ) to notify your phone of new mail , so the phone does not have to repeatedly poll the server for new messages for each account . because of this , adding a new account that never gets any email will have hardly any effect on battery use . otoh , doubling the amount of email you get will have a much bigger effect , because gcm is waking up your phone twice as often . while adding a new account makes little difference on its own , you are probably adding the account because it is going to get mail , so you will end up using the battery more . the same applies to other services too . even for anything that does poll instead of using gcm , android is clever enough to do all the polling tasks at the same time , to avoid repeatedly waking up your phone . this means that checking two accounts uses a little more battery than checking one , but less than twice as much : again , the amount of work it is doing each update ( how much data it is fetching ) is a bigger factor . to address your particular situation , i would guess that the background updates on your phone are not using nearly as much battery as the foreground things you are doing . do not forget you check the battery use of each app in the device settings .
peculiar . on my gs3 on 4.1.1 , it saves the font size ( i.e. . after closing and opening it again , it is the same size as i set it with the volume key . this may wipe your messages ( find a way to back them up if you had like them ) , but have you tried clearing the messaging app 's data in application manager -> all ?
you could perhaps download a font from the google play store ? i have seen some fonts packs up there . e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.develop.plugin.fontfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kzxzlbg9wlnbsdwdpbi5mb250il0 . some of these will more than likely require your device be rooted . or you can change the size of your phone 's font . to do that go to settings\display\font , you should be ably to manipulate the font . was not much to go on so i hope this helps .
just had the same issue on a note 3 . i was resizing the font by " pinching " the screen . it would not save ; i am stuck with the huge font . so , i used the size volume key instead to resize the font . now , everything works fine .
i have a gs4 vers . 4.3 i had the same problem . but the use of the volume key solves my issue . resized using volume key while in the messaging mode . viola !
i notice this annoyance too . looks like the best solution is to enable volume key text resizing , and leave it enabled . once you disable it , the messages app resets the text size to the huge ( on the galaxy note , that is ) font/bubble size . this will not be noticeable on other phones ; the real cause is that the gnote is big , which is what all gnote owners like about it . : )
unless you had a back-up , it would be impossible to go back to a previous state . however , if you enabled google sync , you can still restore your contacts , calendar , and other google-syncable data . after a factory reset , you will be asked to log-in to your google account again . after which , it may ask you if you want to re-install some apps that you paid for previously . it will not install the free apps ; you may want to install them manually .
are you using google navigation ? search by voice speak your destination instead of typing ( english only ) : " navigate to the de young museum in san francisco " .
possible workaround : turn the ebook folder into a symlink to the dropbox folder . or if subfolders word , create a dropbox symlink inside ebook .
both the default android messaging app and the htc sense app are buggy , as far as i have heard . until they get their act together , i recommend trying another sms app and seeing if it is any better . handcent sms would be a good choice .
i just found es file explorer which seems to do what i need , and a little bit more . this looks pretty promising . i will report back if i have any issues with it , but for now it seems to answer my question .
you can log into a windows box using remote desktop , and use the windows interface to delete files like you normally would . the rdp app i use is called remote rdp . you could also do something like install iis and create yourself a simple webpage that would list the files and allow you to click a button to delete them .
on my tablet i use file manager hd . i have shortcuts saved in its left-hand bar that take me straight to the right folders in the shares of my server with username and password saved . one click on the shortcut takes me straight to the relevant content folder , and then it is a long press on a file or folder to rename , delete or move , which are the three things i normally want to do with media files after watching them .
does the galaxy tab 10.1 usb adapter allow you to plug in an external web camera ? no and if it does not , are there any tablets that do ? Acer Iconia Tab A500 it all depends on the kernel configuration . you can install custom kernel on any device to make it to allow external camera . it is a lengthy process and involves rooting the phone .
it does have a dedicated 2nd microphone for active noise cancellation according to gsmarena .
the samsung galaxy s2 does have dual microphones . however , if using gingerbread ( 2.3 ) , the device only records mono audio . using ice cream sandwich ( 4.0 ) though , the device can record stereo audio at about 130 kbps with a sampling rate of 48khz . source : gsm arena
well after an hour of searching around for how to revert the hosts file , i gave up . ( i kept having permission denied errors ) . so i downloaded adfree again ( turns out that is what i had before ) and clicked " revert " .
are you using a custom rom ? it may have adblock enabled behind the scenes . as a work-around , try the ad block remover .
looking at what the app does , and the fact that it needs root , it looks like one of the methods that it uses to block ads is to make changes to the device 's central hosts file . 1 2 this changes the way that dns works on the device so that any requests by an app to connect to certain internet servers are given a bogus ip address , and the attempt to talk to the ad serving server fails . in fact it looks like adfree downloads and uses the mvps list of hosts file entries list of host file entries ( the file is available for download here ) . based on that i would assume that what is happened is that when you were using adfree it downloaded that list of hosts file entries and saved them into the central hosts file on your phone ( this would require root access ) , but when you uninstalled the app it did not undo the changes it made to the hosts file . if you just want to be able to connect to admob servers to test your app then you could edit your hosts file to remove just google 's admob servers from the list , it looks like they are all called something .admob.com . alternatively you could edit your hosts file and remove all entries from it that point to 127.0.01 , which should set you back to a default setup , with nothing being blocked . more on editing your hosts file here : guide to editing /etc/hosts .
i have had the same problem on my android phone but tried a solution from one of the android forums which says go to settings> > applications manager> > all applications ( on the top ) locate the badge provider app , once in there clear data and restart your phone .
go to settings > application> all > badge provider> clear data and clear cache .
try removing the icon of the app from the home launcher then put it back then restart your phone
first , root your phone . if it denies root access , go to the superuser website and download the latest superuser and binary packages . after that , reboot in recovery and install the packages . finally , boot your phone up normally and clear the data of superuser . then , run superuser and try updating the binaries and baaaam works like a charm !
thanks to " eldarerathis " for the comment . basically unlock bootloader does not mean you will have root access to your device . even though you can install an entire new operating system still rooting your phone must be done inside the os . so if you trying to root your htc device check unrevoked . com . for other devices i found a reliable tutorial at http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-20054428-285/how-to-root-your-android/. please note unlock bootloader or rooting your device may void your warrantee .
ohkay i did not found any custom rom from this specific device karbonn a5+ neither tried to cook one myself , but i learnt some facts about it , so just putting them here so that others may get some help . drivers at the said source site are compatible with karbonn a5+ , though they have been said to be of karbonn a5 at the source site . the custom cwm at the said source site is incompatible with karbonn a5+ about stock recovery - i already said it in comments , just repeating it out here : my phone is detected as w650 by adb devices command . the stock recovery provided in other video by same person is for many firmwares including w619 and w650 as it lists while running . so i tried it and it worked . however the cwm recovery seems to be for w619 only . though i still not know from where these numbers w650 , w619 came from , the internal firmware code ? i will like to know this . honestly i think this device cannot take on ics or jellybean nicely because of its low ram . so just stick to stock gingerbread - its fine . in fact i got another device which runs jellybean on 512mb ram and 1ghz dual core processor . i always feel that my old phone running gingerbread is smoother than this newer one - at least at basic swipe transitions/animations . jellybean feels bloaty/resource intensive , but is surely smoother than ics .
nope , not at all . i use easytether pro on my evo4g , which has the gingerbread update , and i use it for my pc , and my ps3 , if im over a friends house .
as @mathew read already said , since your starting again clear the old app data . settings > applications > manage applications > select the messaging app choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . if not you could also factory reset the phone .
here 's a list of valid vcard fields separated into supported/unsupported by android 's vcard importer : vcardconstants . java it currently ( 4.3 ) says , org is supported while categories is not . check it yourself for more clarification . you may also want to compare what has changed in 4.0/4.1/4.2/4.3 here .
if your intention is to have your script run each time the card is inserted , or the device is booted , i would recommend the already mentioned app tasker , maybe in connection with scripter . the latter can be used to execute ( and manage ? ) scripts , but afair you can do that part with tasker as well . you would need to create 1 task ( execute your script ) , and 2 profiles using this task ( as there is no possibility for a logical or with the conditions ) . one is for the boot_completed event , the other is for the inserted sd-card . that should do it . in case of trouble ( or hard understanding ) , just comment and i see what i can do : )
in gmail app i think there is no way to change the display format . you may try k-9 mail . it is the good email client for android . it is incredibly powerful and 100% free k-9 mail is an open-source e-mail client with search , imap push email , multi-folder sync , flagging , filing , signatures , bcc-self , pgp , mail on sd and more !
a screen should appear after you plug the device into your pc , when the device 's usb connection is in " mass storage mode " . make sure to enable usb-mass storage there . this options unmounts the storage from you device and exposes it to the host pc .
here are some instruction for your question : log in as administrator account in windows or any other account with administrative privileges insert your removable disk into the usb port . click start , now right click on my computer and select manage now , click disk management right click on your removable drive partition and select change drive letter and paths under disk management ( you can find your drive easily through size ) change the drive letter some other drive letter like x : or z : which is not reserved by some other drive on windows . done : ) to read more about this try looking : http://www.techyv.com/questions/pc-asks-insert-disk-drive-d
well- things have changed- as of today , all you need to do is backup the . apk files to your sd card using the backup app of your choice ( there are free ones like astro- ) and then get an app called " app installer " -- when you update the rom- you can re-install all of your apps with the app installer-- app installer has not been around too long-- i personally use titanium-- it has some good features , but it costs money . worth every cent , imho . also- you may not actually need to wipe the data and system before you update the rom--- so long as you are upgrading the rom and not switching to a different rom . ( if the chef says wipe , then wipe-- ) but a lot of times , you can get away with only wiping davlik+cache
android provides different methods for localization . some of them are network based , some cell based , some gps based , some mixed ( well , that was simplified ) . so yes : you could use plain gps without network . might take a little longer to get your initial fix , though . ( assisted gps aka agps can speed this up , but requires a network connection . ) and quite logically yes to your second question as well , as far as gps is concerned . for map data , if it is already downloaded to your device , no data connection is required either . but if you need updates while on the way , or want to be updated about traffic , things are certainly a little different .
yes you can . there are some tools to provide you with this functionality , e.g. helium - app sync and backup . if your device is rooted , this app should work out-of-the-box . otherwise you will need to initialize it once after each device start ( reboot ) , which then requires a pc with adb . as requested in the comments , a few hints on how to get helium started on a non-rooted device . first , this requires you to have at least a basic setup of adb done on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . having met that , it should be as easy as enabling usb-debugging on your android device , connecting it via usb to the pc , and run the helper script downloaded from helum 's web page . the last 3 steps have to be repeated only once after each reboot of the device , and activate a background process helium itself requires but cannot start itself ( the user via adb has higher privileges than an app in user-space , and thus can ) .
there is no default sound recorder in android . some manufacturers add one to their stock roms , but the closest thing on a nexus device is google keep , added in 4.3 . if you assume that a voice recording app is present in all android phones you will be caught out .
it seems that there was a network problem or gmail was blocked in my office which was making the server not respond and giving exception -> couldn't open connection to server. . i tried at home with my wifi and it worked finally .
try downloading a file explorer like es file explorer , find the apk and select it . android should prompt to install from there . the selected answer you are referring to says to download astro - which is another file manager . i am not sure about the default android browser though .
if you have a samsung phone , some of them have separate " internal " and " external " sd storage . if it is on the external sd card , then you need this adress : file:///sdcard/external_sd/yourapp . apk
try clearing cache and data for the following apps under Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All ( tap on each app and then tap Clear data and Clear cache buttons where available ) : email exchange services google account manager this should clear all the accounts ( including the gmail one ) , and should allow you to add the corporate account .
to sum up the relevant information , let me quote from the q and a eldarerathis linked above ( all credits go to him , as this is from his answer there ) : a .dex file is basically a compiled bytecode version of an app that has been built for the dalvik vm which android 's apps run on . i believe it is short for dalvik executable , but i am not sure if i am remembering that correctly . an .odex file is an optimized . dex file ( hence the ' o' ) , meaning that it has basically been pre-compiled for a specific platform . the advantage to this is that startup time is much faster since the vm does not have to perform any optimizing at startup/runtime . the disadvantages are 1 ) that it takes up some extra space and 2 ) an odexed app will not run properly if it is put onto another device , and it must have the associated . odex file to run at all . when you install an app , android will ananyze the .apk and setup the device 's dalvik cache with an optimized version of its code , so the app will start and run faster ( after a factory-reset of your device , it does so for all pre-installed apps -- and after wiping the dalvik cache , which is possible from the recovery menu with most customroms , even for all user apps -- which is why the first boot takes so much longer than subsequent boots ) . however , when an " odex " is found , it would simply be copied to the dalvik cache . as eldarerathis pointed out , the .odex was built for specific hardware ( reminds me of assembly ) -- so if that " specific hardware " is not the one used by the current device , you will certainly run into trouble .
the problem with understanding any physical buttons on an android , is that they are extremely hardware dependent . usually they are connected to some gpio port on either the application processor ( ap ) or cellular processor ( cp/modem ) , and on some devices ( mtk , qualcomm ) these are combined in a soc . in other devices , there is a separate touch screen mcu , that can also be used for some keys . so without knowing your exact hardware and its configuration , it is impossible to answer your question . your best chance for success in understanding , is by downloading the sources for your device/kernel and look in there , in combination with finding a service manual that also show some schematics . edit : here is one block diagram : and here is another :
/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib contains the name of the runtime library you wish to use - libart.so or libdvm.so . so , you can switch back to dalvik like so : adb shell 'echo libdvm.so &gt;/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib' source
my friend had the exact same problem after switching to art on his moto e ( unfortunately the process com.android.phone has stopped ) , and this worked for him : power the phone off , then power it back on . if it gets stuck in a boot loop where it keeps going to the Android is upgrading... screen ( possibly showing the wrong number of apps--for my friend it was showing 19 apps ) , hold down the power button until it turns off , then turn it back on . at this point it should go back to the Android is upgrading... screen , but this time it should show the correct number of apps , finish successfully , and the phone should work normally .
before you un-root i would recommend upgrading to the stable release of cm 6.1 which may fix your problems . if you do unroot you can use appbrain to reload all your apps but you will still have to re-enter in all your settings and what not . if you stay rooted and use titanium backup you can reload all your apps from your sd card with all their settings intact . as far as how to unroot i believe that is going to depend on how you rooted in the first place . i am admittedly not an expert on this but i am sure some others will chime in with some more details .
you cannot just do a factory reset . factory reset removes data and apps , it does not restore the entire os/firmware on the phone . titanium backup is probably the best to backup and restore your apps . the best way to go back to stock would be : install rom manger from the market ( requires root ) open it , click flash clockworkmod recovery , choose your device if it asks click " download rom " , and select the appropriate option ( should be " stock droid " or something ) click the notification when the download completes to install said rom from rom manager . if you had been using rom manager originally , you could have backed up before installing cyanogenmod and you had just have to do a simple restore from rom manager .
your phone is almost certainly not permanently bricked . chances are you can boot into recovery to flash a new rom . worst case , you will have to flash the phone back to stock with rsd lite . that said , there is really no way to unroot the phone or flash a stock rom without having to re-install your apps . you can try flashing a stock rom without wiping data and cache ( or doing a factory reset ) , but it is probably not going to work very well . the major apps for restoring 3rd party apps and their data , like titanium backup , require root . you can use other avenues to re-install apps ( like appbrain ) , but you will have to reconfigure them by hand if you are not rooted . since you say you are having problems , this might be the safest course of action for a large # of your apps anyway . it is just a bear to lose complex configurations or progress in games . since your're already in trouble , the course of action i would recommend is using rsd lite to flash the latest sbf availble -- frg22d in your case . it is available for download from peter alfonso 's site . your phone will update to frg83 via ota . flashing the sbf will wipe all your phone 's data . you may even need to reactivate your phone with verizon , but that is not difficult to do ( just dial *228 and press 1 ) . this will not wipe your sd card , so things like backups you have or pictures/videos/downloads on the sd card will be safe . despite the dire warnings or bricking one 's phone , as long as you do not do something foolish like unplug the phone ( or pull battery ) in the middle of flashing ( or have bad luck with a power outage ) , you should be ok . using sbf to root and unroot @ droidforums if you can still boot into recovery , you can flash the stock roms from there and accomplish nearly the same thing -- though i am not sure it will do things like update baseband . unroot w/o sbf @ droidforums the droidforums guides are very thorough , and their rescue squad group is very helpful .
they are all electromagnetic waves with different wavelengths . there had been no scientific evidence that they are dangerous in the power level used in common appliances , and many researches shows no evidence of danger in the short term studies , however many countries adopts the precautionary approach and advises people to minimize exposure just in case since long term study and study in children has not been conclusive yet ( these kind of studies takes a very long time since they follow their subjects for decades ) , although preliminary results suggests that long term effect may also be of no danger . you are probably more likely to be killed in a car accident then getting a cancer due to mobile phone radiation .
at izzy 's suggestion , i installed a file manager ( oi ) , and was able to see the files that my android itself did not recognize . i used oi to cut-paste them to a new dummy directory and then back to where they belonged , android recognized them and i can use with the relevant apps ( kindle , kingsoft office ) .
for those of us who are frustrated in trying to alter the file system to mtp and cannot find how to change it . do not despair . if you have opened samsung kies and connected phone with a usb cable and got the error message , go to your phone and swipe top to bottom on the notifications list you will see the usb symbol on the left hand side and the line stating - connected as camera . if it says - connected media device - then your connected properly . to change from connected as camera , tap/select the line - connected as camera and you will be shown another screen with the camera option selected - just select media device mtp and you will be able to connect to samsung kies , and all will be calm and peaceful , no more screaming at the pc or mobile phone .
even if you move apps to the sdcard , the apps will still use space in /data/data/ this is where the user data is stored for the application . this includes things like the database , additional application specific files , other cached data . devices that do not have large a /data/data partition are very troublesome with a lot of current applications . applications like google+ , chrome , gmail ( just as a couple examples ) can use a lot of space in /data/data/ . to see if the issue is /data/data/ you can try and clear data for some applications and see if the notification goes away . not just the cache for the application , actually clearing the data .
seems you ram usage is on higher side . install xda assistant from play store and do some cleanup of your tablet . its an all in one and comes handy with lots of utility . it has : document explorer if rooted , you can remove bloatwares . ram booster wifi explorer app2sd remove programs from startup and lot more utilities in a single app . it works well when you have root permissions on your device . also i would recommend history eraser to clean any sort of cache . ** please note , i am just a user of this app not the representative of its company . **
you can check " adb shell getevent " to see which events are coming at the time of this high cpu . that may help .
i had the same error on froyo and gingerbread roms and i found a solution : put your sounds into /system/media/audio/ringtones clear cache from recovery
what worked for me was to add it to the sdcard ringtones directory ( if not there , create it ) , copy the file manually to that directory and then reboot . before the reboot the file did not show up in my cyanomod 7.2 cooper ( samsung s5380 ) , but it did after the reboot . the file i copied was a mp3 file . i hope this solution works too for other mods .
i had the same issue and recently found a perfect solution by accident . while viewing the playlist that contains the song you wish to use as a ringtone ( on the apollo media player ) , a longpress on the song you want to use will give you a list of options ; among that list will be " use as ringtone " . simply select , and enjoy your new ringtone ! this only works for call ringtones , for message tones you will need another fix . hope this helps . works on samsung galaxy s running cyanogen mod 10.1 rc5 .
i placed mine in /sdcard/media/audio/ringtones . after that the sound appears in the settings menu . see also : how do i set a custom mp3 as a ringtone for other notifications ?
easiest fix is to ask your carrier for a new sim , but it would be worth reporting it to them as a problem so they can investigate it . it might be a problem at your carrier 's end and they just do not know about it yet .
if you scroll down the menu bar you can switch from sound to vibrate to silent to sound . this is easy enough for me , is not it ? andreas
it is not possible using the power button long press for the device options menu in 4.0.4 on sg2 . it always reverts back to " vibrate " when changing silent mode , albeit it is possible to press the volume down until it goes into vibrate , and then press volume down again . this takes a bit of time , though , and does not work unless you are past the screen lock . imo , in a perfect world , this should only take one action . conclusion wait for a version update above 4.0.4 and hope they fix this bs . ( also , i friggin ' hate people who think their phone is silent during meetings or seminars , and their phone just keeps buzzing and buzzing and buzzing . it is #*@ ! ing android trolling ! ) hack the only hack i have found to make it work with the power button long press is going to setting > sound > vibration intensity and setting ringtone vibration to zero . however , i am pretty sure that turns off vibration globally , and you will still see that annoying icon for " silence with vibration " when you use silent mode trough the power button . : ( fastest way to mute wipe off the screen lock . flip down the curtain of the notificaions menu , then double tap the sound icon . that will bring you from sound to vibrate , and finally to mute . or get a widget for muting .
i own a xperia phone with ics 4.0.4 , and have no problems going into silent mode ( mute ) . quick ways to go into silent mode ( muting the phone ) : holding the volume down until vibrate mode , then releasing the volume down and pressing it again once more until silent mode ( mute ) holding the power/lock button until a screen appears , then selecting silent mode ( mute ) other ways of muting the phone : going into the Settings &gt; Sound and selecting Silent Mode &gt; Mute going into the Settings &gt; Volumes and completely sliding down the volume bar for calls via Ringtone &amp; notifications
&lt;cynical&gt;  to me , it sounds like one of the many voodoo tweaks for every os . you will find that a loud few % of users will proclaim it is effectiveness . the silent majority will not if there was an effective way to improve sd card speed then i am sure the clever engineers at htc or wherever would have implemented it . some of the " improvements " posted appear bogus : you can get 66mb/s read from an sd card ? no : you can read from the cache at that speed . non-cached access will be normal sd speed of course for example , post 588 &lt;/cynical&gt;  also from xda ( actual title , btw ) : increasing readahead in a not completely retarded manner
here 's the original xda thread . basically , it shows a fairly significant improvement for some devices . 2048 kb might not be the best setting for your particular device , so you might want to experiment . i am running it on my device and noticed a minor improvement ; it certainly was not harmful . i am not 100% sure but i would think it would not increase wear .
try lockbot pro - it has support for pattern lock or pin entry . but on eclair devices , it does not always work 100% . ymmv . also supports different themes and locking methods .
phonelocator pro has wipe after a number of unsuccessful attempts . lock device after 1 min/2 minutes . . . . .
depending on your needs , you may consider an applock program . it does not lock your phone , but it may provide the same purpose by locking any apps you want . for the particular app i use , smart app protector , ( my version is from amazon ) you can configure it to have unlimited retries ( which is the default ) , and you can configure it to use a pattern or pin . you can configure the relock delays as well , so you are not entering in a pin or pattern every single time you open a program .
you might want to take a look at soundabout . one of its promises : detect or ignore that a headset has a microphone when plugged in . only used if the headphone/headset plug in/out detection is set to allow . which to me sounds like what you are looking for .
as workaround you can prefix the notebook names with non-alphabetic characters to control the sort order . for example i prefix my notebooks with zero to three underscore characters ( "_" ) to sort the notebooks in four groups , as so _notebook1 _notebook2 _notebook3 __notebook1 __notebook2 __notebook3 ___notebook1 ___notebook2 ___notebook3 notebook1 notebook2 notebook3 you can use any other renaming scheme you find appropriate in your case , for example , simply prefix the notebooks by numbers ( "1_" , "2_" , "3_" , and so on ) .
notebooks can only be sorted ( in the mobile app , it is the button to the left of the magnifying glass ) by : title note count user maybe you can request for custom sorting from evernote .
with the default calendar app , when viewing an event the individual calendar is listed right at the top . additionally , each calendar even is color-coded . if jorte is not displaying that to you , it sounds like a shortcoming of the app and something you should petition the developer to fix .
it depends on the phone , the operating system , and apps installed on it . older android phones do not activate the microphone unless it is required by an app ( e . g . phone , voice dictation , etc . ) newer phones such as google 's nexus 5 or motorola 's moto x for example , have a dedicated low-power audio processing module that can be configured to be always on , and listen for particular trigger phrases ( e . g . " ok , google " ) , even when the phone 's screen is off . there are some 3rd-party apps that mimic this functionality on phones without the dedicated sound processors , but at the expense of higher battery drain . generally such features can be disabled within the system or app settings . the religious implications of using a phone are up to you and your particular sect to determine . such discussions are out of scope of this site .
your phone 's mic will be turned off all the time . . it will be activated only when apps which uses mic for working for example talking tom , voice recorder etc and only when making calls
even i get same error when i have slower internet speeds . probably slow internet is the mere problem .
using a cache cleaner , i freed up some cache , netting me a little over 130 mb free space in the app storage . i then updated , and it worked . freeing the cache again after the update , i only had 100 mb left . i also saw that the cache for the play store was about 28 mb , so apparently that is the size of the download for the chrome update . using a disk analyzer , i found out that chrome ( after the update ) uses over 100 mb for the apk ( 103.5 mb ) . what i think happened , is that it downloaded about 28 mb , then unpacked that to 103 mb , then replaced the existing apk with that . so i needed 28 mb + 103 mb = 131 mb to do the update . to be honest , i think that is quite a lot . i am not sure if i will be able to do the next one . also , as noted in my other question , chrome uses quite a lot of data as well . it was at 25 mb when i asked that question , it is now a whopping 28 mb . i have no idea what is in there and no clue how to clean that other than deleting it all , which probably is not a good idea .
i did it like this : go to settings&rarr ; application manager&rarr ; all . there to " internet browser " , click on that and delete that " is default " . when next time started the desktop link asked me for default browser .
head to settings -> apps -> all -> internet -> clear defaults . next time you do a search or open a link , you will be given a choice of which app you want to open it with . select chrome and put a tick in the " make default " checkbox and that should make chrome the default browser .
while j0chn 's description works ( and also does work for other " default apps" ) , it might not be the most user-friendly approach . as android itself does not offer anything else , you might want to pick a helper . default app manager is such a helper : default app manager ( source : google play ) ; click images to enlarge as the screenshots show , this app lists up default apps defined and lets you clear those defaults -- but it also lets you define them .
install call master . create a list of important people and set actions normal . create a list for everyone and set actions to mute . create a profile and put 1st list on top and 2nd list at bottom ( the sequence matters ) . at the time of your requirement of question , just activate the profile of step 3 . the app requires root access to block calls silently , but i am not sure that root access is required to mute or not . i have not tested it on a non-rooted device . if your device is not rooted , first test it with the trial of the app available in play store .
the short of it in tasker is to create a new profile as follows : new profile : context : time from : 22:00 to : 6:30 context : state> phone call type : incoming number : c:fav ( this is any starred contact , you can also list specific contacts if you like ) task new action : audio setting > ringer volume level : 7 exit task new action : audio setting> silent mode mode : on i will try to update later with screenshots and more in depth walkthrough .
i recommend sanity which is free and open source . it has many calling-related features , such as call filtering by caller name , that you can set it to get silent when some people call you . these two features , copied from description of the app , would really help you : . . . block unwanted calls and sms : automatically refuse incoming calls and sms filtering out the phone number ( include or exclude anonymous and/or unknown numbers , favourites , contacts and groups ; enable the block by choosing date and time ) ; advanced : choose between different block methods to confuse the caller ! urgent calls : choose what phone numbers your phone will ring or vibrate also when it is in silent mode . . . .
call filter alarm appears to do that . do you use your smartphone as alarm ? do you want to choose the people who can contact you while sleeping ? if you simply leave you smartphone turned on , you risk that anybody can wake you up , or . . . you use call filter alarm ! using this innovative app , you can define all the alarms you need with the possibility to specify , for every single alarm , who can call you , shutting up all other calls / sms notifications and intelligently manage wifi activation / deactivation , data usage , offline mode . how it works : define the alarm choose who can call you ( if needed ) before going to sleep , enable sleep mode your phone will ring only for who you decided . other calls / sms will happen in silent mode and you will be able to see them as lost when you will wake up . in addition to the particular call and sms filters feature , using call filter alarm you can : intelligently manage wifi activation / deactivation , data usage , offline mode , silent mode with a single button : the sleep mode personalize sleep mode as you want set tone , volume and vibration for allowed call and allowed sms set volume , volume increment , snooze , tone ( music or ringtone ) , vibration for every single alarm in addition to application level daily alarm repetition incremental alarm volume multilanguage ( english and italian now available )
relatively new app : criticall pro ( trial version ) criticall allows you to easily set “critical” contacts so your phone will ring when those contacts call or text , even when your phone is on silent . features phone rings when critical contacts call you – even when phone is set to silent ! works for texts set as many “critical” contacts as you want scheduler - set custom times for contacts groups unlimited number of groups ( friends , family , work , clients , etc ) unlimited number of contacts within each group change settings once to change the settings for all contacts in the group customizable ringtones and notifications adjustable auto-resume feature will reactivate criticall automatically
your carrier should be able to provide the time and date even without a data connection . most cell phone towers have a gps receiver which uses the gps data to sync it is clock , and forward this to the devices when they register to the network . nowadays some towers might have a ntp sync instead of the gps but the same principle still remains . it seems to me that there is an error in saving the correct time and date on your device , which prevents the time from being synced from the carrier to your device . i would suggest a factory reset ( and/or reflash of you are on a custom rom ) .
you need to unlock your bootloader . you will need to go to the htc dev website and select your device in the menu on the right , and then follow the instructions it gives you . ( note that this might void your warranty )
most likely because the ip address returned was only valid within the mobile network , i.e. there is a nat gateway . even if you tried connecting from another device in the same network , your carrier probably have some routing rules in place to prevent devices from communicating to each other directly . it would be neat to have a tasker profile or something where , if my phone is ever stolen , i can text my phone , making tasker enable adb listening , and reply with whichever ip address my phone is connected to , and perhaps turn off after x seconds unsurprisingly , that idea was not new , there are many stolen/lost phone app in the play market . prey and plan b/lookout , where 's my droid , etc . use those instead of trying to bend tasker for it .
opening adb on an unsecured connection is a major security risk . on an unrooted phone , it gives access to your entire filesystem . on a rooted phone , it gives access to your entire filesystem with write permissions . the connection is not encrypted and there is no password or key exchange to access adb . it is just a bad idea . beyond that , your carrier may not even allow traffic over 5555 ( the standard adb port ) , they may be proxying your traffic , or there may be other complicating factors . also , setting up ssh should not be difficult . i use sshdroid all the time . i can get a secure shell from any wifi connection , and it works great for wireless file transfer . you could set up a task to turn on sshdroid whenever the device connects to wifi and another to send you the ip . technically , you can even run it without wifi , but i generally would not recommend it , as it is still open to vulnerabilities , which would lead to problems similar to leaving adb open ( although somewhat less likely since ssh is designed to be secure ) . finally , there are a number of apps that are built specifically for locating your phone . motorola includes this feature with motoblur , which can also wipe your phone remotely . there are other free and paid alternatives that can do this as well . if your phone is actually stolen , these are going to be much better than any back door you open for yourself .
you cannot unlock your bootloader without also wiping your data . backup your data , either manually or using an app . you also need a computer to perform the unlock process because it is performed while your device is in fastboot mode ; before the android os is even started .
my phone is working on 4.1.1 and i downloaded and installed the application , it worked fine . no problems at all . xda seems to be a reliable source . i used it to type this answer and i am going to uninstall it as i have paid version of swiftkey . i will post a comment whether it uninstalls or not .
on the other note , i also thought that c2dm might have been used to do this , but since my personal device uses 2.1 and c2dm is available to devices having 2.2+ , the possibility of use of c2dm is quite less . it is actually quite plausible for 2.1 market to use c2dm . gtalk , gmail , and many other google apps have always used c2dm internally ( even before it is named c2dm ) . in 2.1 , c2dm exist as gtalk service . in 2.2 , google opened the c2dm api for external developers since they realized that 1 ) most app developers does not have the resources to create a reliable push notification service , 2 ) a unified push service would save battery , 3 ) reliable instant push service is a good selling point for android .
i would think that the market has its " own " push notifications implemented . when i installed a couple apps from the page , they installed almost immediately . this is not the phone asking if there are installs pending , this is the market site pushing the info directly to the device . if you disable sync , it will stop push notifications too .
i wonder if a usb extension or port multiplier would be a decent workaround ? if you used an extension cable , you can avoid damaging the mini-usb port on the phone since you generally plug/remove the extension plug instead of the mini-plug .
the micro usb cables that come with blackberries are great , the connection is not loose at all . ( i have tried one with my android phone ) . so i would have to say that your cables are indeed " bad " .
i agree it probably fine for day to day charging etc . but for dev work you may be wiser to use the big end to connect reconnect the device .
have the " saved problem " on a cheap tablet that came with 4.1.1 . tried 3 different wifi networks without success : zyxel p2601hn , tomato and dd-wrt . i was about to return the tablet but , as a last resort tried connecting it to an android phone in tethering mode . that worked - so the wifi in the tablet was working ? then i tried a fourth tomato wifi router using 802.1b mode - also successful . it seems this version is picky about the wifi routers ? could it be the channel assignments - maybe some banned channels due to legislation ?
the tablet is fine , it is your router that is the problem . chances are that you are using a cheapie like a belkin or something similar . if its something that you bought from a discount store for about $35 then you are going to have issues with it with the tablet and other wireless stuff . upgrade to a real router , a high-quality dual-band one . the tablet will work without any connection problems after you do this .
i faced the same issue . after struggling for a few hours , i found the solution . login to your wi-fi router and change the wi-fi channel to anything between 5-11/13 . the problem is due to conflict of channels . ( i did google but no help . then from my experience , i figured out this solution ) one more thing , if your router allows you change data retry and rts retry settings , then change them to 128 . for some reason , at times ubislate 7c+ 's wi-fi adapter does not respond on time and the router thinks that it has gone out of coverage . so , the device does not get connected .
http://mhotspot.com/blog/fix-obtaining-ip-address-android-wifi-problem/ the above static ip solution is a workaround . the real solution involves changing file permission on a root file . fortunately , my ubislate had root access , with help of x-plore file manager , was able to change permission of dhcpcd-run-hook file to read-execute ( no write ) in the /system/etc/dhcpcd directory . works like a charm . more details in the below url http://androidforums.com/avail-all-things-root/583407-easy-real-wifi-fix-obtaining-ip-address-loop-found-me.html
i recently had this problem with my nexus 7 running kitkat 4.4.2 . i fixed the problem by rebooting my router ( netgear dg834gt )
i had the same problem with my asus tablet . everything was working fine until one day it stopped connecting . not a geek so i tried everything that you have done ( all of that ! ! ! ) and as a last resort went to my router settings and turned of the " lock " . the asus connected immediately . turned the lock back on and it still connects . the only issue i have now is that any time that i turn off the tablet or take it away from the network , i have to go through the same process as before . tell me if that works through this website .
this is caused by the sms limit in android . you can install this sms limit tool in xda to get around this issue . note : your phone must be rooted . if you are feeling generous to the developer , there is a paid version in google play .
there is a new app on google play that supports even new versions of android ( i tried all the other tools but they stop working if you are on android 4.1 or higher ) . it lets you change the number of messages you can send per hour ( default is 30 or 100 , but it lets you change that up to 2,000 per hour ) of even remove the limit completely . google play link : sms limit unlock
i had the same issue . so , after a lot of work and tests , i have discovered that what was causing the issue was the prey app . do you have the pray app ( or similar ) installed on your device , perhaps ? after i have removed it , the dialer came back to work normally . hope it helps .
have you considered going back to stock rom ? you can flash it with odin and all your data will remain intact .
i think you should just flash another rom . you will still have all your data on the internal sd so no need to worry about that . this would wipe your /system . so what you want to do is follow the standard procedure of installing a new custom rom and you should be good to go without any data loss ( eg . pictures , videos etc . you still lose any app data not backed up on the cloud ) . a great site with recommendations which i use for my own phone is galaxys2root . some rom recommendations i can give you from my own personal usage are aokp jb mr2 , resurrection remix v5 . try to avoid the ones with battery drain issues and you should be fine . going thru the phone log with your phone not booting up is a hassle which is unnecessary in this case . just do the above and you will be fine .
you can install a widget known as volume ace . . . it gives access to all the volume levels in the system . . . you get 1x1 to as menu sizes as you prefer . . . . or you can use the application control panel for android . but , it still dos use a slot in your status bar . . .
if you pull down the context menu from the top , and select the notification that it is plugged in with the usb device , you should be presented with different options for how you want the phone to treat your usb connection . select the media device ( mtp ) option and you should now be able to browse the files on your phone just like you would any other usb data device .
you can transfer music to your device using windows media player on windows 7 and windows vista . connect your device to your pc using the supplied usb cable . on your galaxy s3 , go to Settings &gt; Developer Options &gt; USB debugging . open windows media player and click the sync tab on the right . your device should be shown in the sync screen . drag the music tracks you want to sync to your device to the sync list on the right . when you have added all of the tracks , click the start sync option at the top of the screen . when the synchronization is complete , you can disconnect the cable from either your computer or your device . source .
i had a cable which worked well ( charge and data transfer ) until the upgrade to jelly bean 4.1.2 . since the upgrade it will not work and i have to change the cable to labelled data transfer only , so i suggest trying a different cable .
i had the same problem with the phone not being recognised by pc . i tried everything ( uninstalling , usb cable , debugging , kies etc , etc ) . it finally worked after turning off phone and taking out battery ! could not believe it ( but happy now ) .
a few days after i got the android 4.1.1 ota update and rooted it my galaxy s3 failed to recognize the usb connection . removing and then reinstalling the battery allowed my galaxuy s3 to recognize the usb connection . the android file transfer still did not work until i uninstalled kies . now it is working . i appreciate the posts .
this will not help the op , but may help others . i had the same problem , no help with battery removal/power cycling or developer mode usb debugging , etc . finally realized i was using a third-party usb cable ( freebie from costco ) . when i used the samsung cable from the box , it started working again . costco cable still does not work .
i tried a different usb cable and it all came together and started working .
what seems to work for me is ticking the usb debugging box in the developer options . i have been trying all sorts of tricks ( including some of the above , and more ) , but nothing helped . this one does ! hope this will solve your problem . . .
from within jb , unplug cable from handset and follow this : go into settings > about phone scroll down to the bottom now tap on the build number 7 times , to activate the developers options . now the developer 's options is activated ( it is deliberately hidden from settings ) , back out of that screen , developers options should be present , then tap that , look for debugging , tap on usb debugging to put a check-mark on that . then try plugging in the usb cable to handset . . . : ) addendum : even if the usb debugging is selected , un-select it and re-select it . this worked for me .
i have had the same problem with my s3 ever since the update to jb 4.1 . my pc would not recognize my s3 and the phone would not go into the usb debug mode only charging indicator when i plug the usb into the phone . i have solved mine by erasing all cache for apps . not sure which app it was but right after i cleared all my cache i plug it into the pc and it started working again . kies works and usb debugging works .
oh , and something else . . . the " developer options " is not hidden in settings . i found it plain as day listed in the settings menu when i clicked on " more options . "
i just had the same problem tonight . all of a sudden my pc would not recognize my s3 when i connected via the usb . i tried the usb debugging first and restarting . . . did not work . i popped the battery out and restarted , and the usb icon showed up . hope that helps . thanks for all the helpful troubleshooting ; )
i had the same issue and removing my battery and power cycling the phone allowed the computer to recognize it again .
have you checked permissions on your machine ? i have had problems accessing my device over usb because of permissions when i connected a device over usb to a linux box .
here 's what worked for me . i do not know what caused it , but i suspected an exchange server policy triggered it . i deleted those accounts just in case . then i rebooted into recovery mode ( volume up + home held down at boot ) . from the recovery menu , i wiped the cache partition . when it came back up , it saw the usb connection just fine again .
i had this problem after updating as well . i can only presume it was from updating ; i had no issues earlier . my problem was the usb ports on my keyboard and the front panel of my pc would not recognize my s3 . so , i plugged it into the back , and it reinstalled the drivers . it works fine now ; not sure how or why but who am i to argue .
if you have not figured it out by now . the easiest way to fix this is to power your phone down , remove the battery , wait about 30-60 seconds , then put the battery back into the phone . i have had a similar issue and this has fixed it just about every time .
this is the asus answer i received ! really , sweep it under the carpet . i cannot return this unit , is already over the return period time . . . . i own a tf 201 , i installed sketchbook pro . i also have an ipad 2 ( from work ) with the same same software . my issue , is the transformer prime , does not respond very well compare to the ipad . i truly wonder if this is a problem with the transformer since all application even skitch do not produce very smooth response be it with finger or capacitive stylus . rendering drawings on the prime , results in broken lines , circles which are not complete and always feel like the line has to " catch up " to your finger or stylus . this is not a problem i experience on the ipad . can you please advise if this is " working " as designed or is this a case of a screen not working to par ( and how to resolve or exchange ) ? this is truly proving to be a disappointment has drawing is a very important feature to me . more so since this works flawlessly on the ipad . my unit , has the latest firware updates ; iml74k . ww_epad - 9.4.2.15-20120221 touch panel : mxt- 2.0 build -170 thank you for choosing asus products . we apologize for the late response . it is only till your email sent to satisfaction-ca , i have picked up the case . regarding to the problem that you were/are having , i ams afraid asus will be limited to support your product since this is a third party software , and you might have to contact the vendor for technical support . given the fact that ipad and prime are equipped with different os , it is possible that the experience of using a complete identical software might varies . we are very sorry for the inconvenience induced in this matter . please let us know if further questions and concerns raised . your kind understanding is greatly appreciated . tom wang asus canada 802 cochrane drive , unit 2 markham , ontario , l3r 8c9 canada fax : 905-489-2717 tom , are you kidding ? this is the same with any drawing apps , or note taking application . the asus screen is not as responsive and not responsive enough . i am using android designed software for ics , other users are doing the same and having the same issue . you cannot really tell me this is working as designed ? even user with the original transformer are saying their older screen was more responsive compared to the new one ! come on asus be responsible and add this to the list of must have fixes ! thanks ,
take a look at these tests , http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhpfki6l1-0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk9nwirngvkfeature=related it is normal for touchscreens to respond like that . ios devices have some kind of secret algorithm that " knows where you meant to touch " , therefore , the test seems smoother on the iphone . . .
i also have this issue and am very disappointed . i wanted an asus transformer prime to replace my motorola xoom , but the xoom performs much better in this respect . so in my opinion this issue is not ' normal ' . it could be solved . i hope asus will solve it with a software update . for now , i am not getting rid of my xoom just yet . . . diagonal lines - asus transformer prime , ice cream sandwich , sketchbook pro http://a4.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/s720x720/431758_3527187543462_1385384958_3521467_500841800_n.jpg diagonal lines - motorola xoom , honeycomb , sketchbook pro http://a7.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/419885_3527179823269_1385384958_3521461_686500589_n.jpg
there is a chance that this issue can be softened at an application level . ( changing the device 's reported position itself would be better but not possible without changing the kernel as far as i was informed ) . this is an example of some diagonal lines i have drawn myself ( can not post image ) : http://s9.postimage.org/9hr2fsddb/primedef.png i tried to simulate this deformation effect ( left ) , and then i applied a function to every " detected " point to try to put it in the right location ( right ) . this is the outcome : http://s9.postimage.org/6ctxtdmkv/primedeformation2.png i posted this idea in forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1516716 . the writepad app dev said he would try this but he has been really busy so i still have not any reports on whether this works or not .
this is an easy problem to fix , i believe @bryandenny already mentioned it . go to the stock android messaging app . click the overflow menu button down in the lower left hand corner ( it looks like three boxes stacked on each other ) . select " settings " from the pop-up menu ; should be the first option . under " multimedia ( mms ) messages , uncheck the item that says : " group messaging- use mms to send a single message when there are multiple recipients " .
i can see two major problems with this . android 2.2 does not support usb host mode out-of-the-box . this means any external usb peripherals like your modem are not recognized by the android device . although some successful attempts were made to shoehorn this functionality into several handsets , the process is not easy to say the least . it is only been developed for a few phones so far , and would take quite an effort to port to your specific tablet . depending on the target device 's kernel 's availability of source code , this may not even be possible at all . even if usb host is achieved , the android drivers for the modem would need to be obtained . a quick google search does not return anything useful , which means the drivers would need to be written from scratch . without the aid of the manufacturer , this may prove to be an impossible task for a hobbyist developer . unfortunately , it looks like you are stuck with using your tab 's built-in wifi for data connectivity .
a simple wikipedia search would have brought the answer : compatible networks ( for motorola milestone / droid ) us version : dual band cdma2000/ev-do rev . a 800/1900 mhz european version : quad band gsm , umts @ 900/2100mhz n.a. gsm version : quad band gsm , umts @ 850/1900 mhz source where quad band means support for 850 , 1900 mhz and 900 , 1800 mhz .
from gsmarena : 2g network gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g network hsdpa 900 / 2100 umts 850 / 1900 - american version
applications normally store their data in /data/data/com . foo . bar but you will not have access to that via adb on an unrooted device , by design . i do not think there is a way around that without rooting the phone .
that is a broad topic , and hard to answer in short -- as it involves many aspects . as devofzot already pointed out , apps store their " private data " below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; -- a place usually only accessible by the app itself and root . but there are some other places as well , where apps e.g. save their cached data , temporary data , downloads , and more . some good places to start your investigation include : the file-system tag-wiki plus most frequented file-system questions , including questions like e.g. where in the file system are applications installed ? where on the file system are sms messages stored ? highest voted " processes " questions , with things like e.g. how to find application that is opening proccesses is there a way to list all intents and all processes associated with them ? how to find pid of battery service ? why is google maps always running in the background ? the shell tag-wiki and its most frequented questions , like e.g. how can i use shell commands and interact with the linux system underneath ? how can i run a script on boot ? where can i find documentation for shell commands ? as you can see , here at android enthusiasts ( and on other stacks as well ) , tags are a good place when looking for general information : from the navigation bar on top , follow the tags link . on the page that leads you to , you can filter the pretty long list to find those tags which might be of interest to you . move your mouse over the tag-of-interest , and from the popup select " info " . this brings you to the wiki of the corresponding tag , which often contains first-aid and other useful information . from there , use the navigational links to discover most-frequented , highest-rated , and otherwise sorted questions using this tag . you will easily find your way from there , using further links -- be it " amazon-style " links like " questions tagged this were also tagged that " , related questions ( automatically selected by our friendly droids -- ahem , robots ) , or questions manually linked by users . enjoy your research ! btw : if you want to dig even deeper , a good book is andrew hoog 's android forensics and mobile security . it not only explains file structures and how apps work , but also shows weeknesses , attack vectors , and more -- using good examples and a linux vm : )
i had rooted my mobile . but as i dint read the instructions properly regarding installation of new rom , i had hardbricked my mobile . i thought it would not be repaired under warranty . but one question came to my mind : when i can not switch on my phone how will others do ? however , i gave my mobile to service center within two days . but when i went in search of an answer for my question , i realized the company could find out if a mobile is rooted or not . in the end , that did not really matter for me because i got my mobile back ( repaired under warranty ) . the thing is it does not really matter for a company whether the mobile is rooted , because if they succeed to know if your mobile is rooted then its for sure that motherboard can be accesed through some sort of method that company uses . when they can access it they can surely wipe the data out of it . so i guess it is not that risky to get your mobile repaired under warranty – but as someone said in the above comments , one should be good in gambling while dealing with this sort of problem .
i can tell you 100% with all fact if you return your phone , bricked or rooted there is nothing they can or will do about it . this is only if you send it in and not take it to the store . i would never take a bricked phone to the store - the employees are like us ; they tend to play with this rooting as well and more likely to catch on and void your warranty . the phones are simply opened from your return box , torn apart and not tested for anything as they can not send out a phone that has been used by another user -this is why they all look brand new when you receive your replacement . the housing is stripped and the main board pulled out ( end of your concern ) and put into a bin where they are simply reprogrammed . if anyone tries to sell you on anything different they are lying to make your day harder or uneducated . i will let you think about what i just stated and am sure you will see exactly what am referring too . i have a friend that has worked for both samsung ( still ) and motorola back in the day with a few at verizon and at and t
imo it is neither within the carrier 's moral nor legal duty to warrant damages caused by the owner 's mishandling . some carriers/shops might decide to do the replacement anyway because the cost of investigating these cases are often higher than replacement , but unless it is explicitly stipulated within the warranty contract , do not expect it as an entitlement . while in some areas , there are now laws to protect customers from carriers voiding warranty simply because of rooting , it does not mean that you are entitled for replacement if you damaged the phone because of improper rooting . the law ensures that you will still be eligible for warranty if you rooted a damaged phone because you received a damaged phone in the first place . however if it is an improper rooting or improper use of root privilege that caused the phone to be damaged than it would not be fair to require carriers to replace the phone . mind you , i personally believe that selling a phone with an overzealous locking measures that cannot be unlocked by a reasonably knowledgeable customer is selling a damaged goods ( akin to selling a house without a front door ) , but i am not sure of any places where the law has caught up with this . ianal .
take your bricked phone to a store not manufacturer . i just bricked my htc one trying to install different language stock firmware and took it directly back to the htc service centre in my city ( shanghai ) . it was stuck in a boot loop after an ota ( root and unlock boot loader and change rom had worked fine until ota ) . first thing they checked was if my phone was rooted . it was re-locked and s-off . although it could still turn on and be used - just not do ota updates - got told by service centre that as it was rooted warranty void ( 5 day old phone ) . fixing it would require change of logic board they said . wtf . in end i " agreed " with them to replace whole phone for cost of changing logic board . cost me $300 . feeling scammed .
i am not sure there is a good answer to this . as you have seen from your own research , experiences vary . therefore , if you send in a rooted or otherwise modified phone , you may have a problem . if you unroot / unmod it before you send it in , then you are much less likely to have problems . in your case , with it being hard bricked , you probably do not have much of a choice . of course , it is possible they will not be able to tell that you fouled it up ( because , if they could , they had likely have nothing to do with it ) . so i think it comes down to this . . . how much of a gambler are you ?
i am not sure it would be legal for them to discriminate on warranty just because a phone is rooted . however , there are some " void your warranty " things you could do when rooted ( such as overclock way high , etc ) . you might find a tool on xda to restore an original rom , i did once for a bricked phone . they may have such a tool in-store too .
no . if you have a custom recovery that supports adb / root , you can boot into it and use adb to remount /system as read-write and push the missing file over . but otherwise you do not have access to most of the phone .
make sure your default text-to-speech engine is picotts ( from settings ) . install and start a sound recording app ( there are many in play store ) . send it to background and use speaking pad .
like al said , it is most likely a hardware problem , but to address the title question : you can roll the notification area up with the back button .
have you enabled searchify as a ' searchable item ' under the global search settings ?
try quickpic .
you can use microsoft 's ews api which is open source for android by doing the following steps : download the source code available in the url : http://archive.msdn.microsoft.com/ewsjavaapi ewsjavaapi_1.1.5 . zip make the changes to above api to work for jdk 1.4 in eclipse like remove override annotations , etc . download source code of javax . * package available in below url http://www.java2s.com/code/jar/j/downloadjsr17310srcjar.htm jsr173_1.0_src . jar . zip download source code of stax api available in below url , http://dist.codehaus.org/stax/distributions stax-src-1.2.0 . zip keep all the sources under the single java project in eclipse open the project explorer and select the package which are starts with " javax " and rename to your company name ( e . g . , com ) . note : eclipse will ask for all the naming contexts will change then click ok . export all the java sources to one single jar file . then you good to go to use the jar in android application with out any problems . i used the same way explained above and it worked in android application 100% perfectly .
jwebservices for exchange is java api for microsoft exchange 2007/2010/2013 and office 365 . the api offers complete exchange web services functionality including the ability to create/update/move/copy items and folders , search items and folders , send messages , send meetings requests and more . supports jdk 1.5+ and android 1.6+ .
generally , the answer is no . but there is a way to buy the apps first . find a friend who is willing to let you add your account to his/her phone , then you can buy the apps under your own account . edit : here 's an article i just came across .
there is a setting for them in interface > navigation bar . you should read the instructions there and then proceed . it is similar to cyanogenmod .
android police has all the apks . here 's the lastest one .
looking into this problem further , i also found a google code issue about it . the discussion there points out that the problem seems caused by the bitpool issue , and is fixed in cyanogenmod ( at least the latest versions ) . also , even stock 2.3 is reported to improve the situation slightly . so switching to cyanogenmod seems to be one ( and only ? ) way of resolving the issue .
be careful with restoring data from system apps , that might break things ( and you will have to factory-reset and start over ) . different roms , different ( structures of ) system apps ( their databases might differ ) . i had that once ; in my case , affected apps ( e . g . sms ) simply force-closed either right at start or shortly thereafter . if you really want/need to restore system data , make sure to enable tibu 's " migration mode " ( in the settings " troubleshoot " section ) . that way tibu will not simply replace the apps ' databases , but only try to " merge in " the data .
make sure it is a file named . nomedia , and not a directory .
vruemk2 - is not bootloader unlocked . so no cwm and custom roms for this . you only have root via saferoot method . there is not a known bootloader unlock yet for the past 2 or 3 ota releases .
i think its possible , but you will need to read the datasheets and the pinouts for the ribbon cable and the vga that is if you want to make it yourself . . otherwise , i think you can purchase a ready made one from the shops e.g. ebay . here are a couple of links that might help : http://forums.bit-tech.net/showthread.php?p=1888439 http://www.ebay.co.uk/sch/i.html?_kw=vga+ribbon+cable then you can purchase a vga to hdmi convertor cable .
i had this problem some time ago . it went away after i flashed kitkat as i did notwant to wait for ota update . try rebooting or write what you already did to try solve the problem
i have a t-mobile g1 ( the first android phone ) that is a few years old now and sensitivity on the touch screen is still intact . if you do not treat your phone well it is likely that over time you are going to damage it or the screen can get so dirty that sensitivity might decrease , but it is not an issue with the touch screen technology . any phone that is badly treated will get damaged .
my motorola droid is as sensitive now as it was in october 2009 . at least i do not notice any appreciable loss of sensitivity . this is my daily carry/drop/reflash/abuse phone , so if there were going to be some loss , it would happen by now . in my palmpilot days , i could definitely tell a difference after about a year , but that was probably due more to the precise poking of a stylus .
capacitive touchscreens found in modern smartphones do not wear out , physically , because they are solid-state technology behind a piece of glass . practically the only way to destroy them is to build up a goodly amount of static electricity and then touch the screen -- if you are deliberate about this , it might zap the circuitry , but it is not specific to touchscreens and you can do that with all kinds of electronics . resistive touchscreens found in older electronics can wear out because they are basically made of movable things ; two layers of transparent conductive material with a thin air gap in between them . because the screen relies on physical pressure from your fingertip , there can not be a solid piece of glass in front of it ( even if the lcd screen behind the touch array probably is made of glass ) . when your finger presses the layers together when you touch this screen , you effectively create an electrical short that is used to signal which point on the screen was touched . press hard enough and you can damage these layers so that they do not move away from each other again . press often enough and you will simply wear out the outermost soft plastic material of the screen -- this is why it is important to use a clean stylus ( and/or a screen protector ) .
t-mobile support page contains a thread that covers your issue : sim unlock your phone last updated on : jul 3 , 2013 2:43 pm if you purchased an eligible device , the device has been programmed with a sim subsidy lock that will prevent the device from operating with other compatible wireless telephone carrier’s services . if you wish to use the device with the service of another wireless telephone carrier , you must enter a numeric sim subsidy unlock code to unlock the device . understanding sim unlock requirements as an active or former t-mobile customer , you may request a phone unlock . t-mobile will unlock your phone ( as long it is not reported as lost , stolen , or blocked ) if : you have purchased your device from t-mobile or an authorized t-mobile dealer and activated it on t-mobile service ; you have postpaid service , have not requested an unlock code in the last 90 days ; you paid for your device in full ; your account is in good standing ; you have a minimum of 40 consecutive days of active postpaid service since purchase ( or for prepaid service , have used your device within the past 60 days ) ; you are under a 24-month service contract , you have made monthly payments for at least 18 consecutive months on your plan or have paid a migration fee for the device ; certain exceptions may apply please call customer care for details ; you are on a prepaid plan , you have had more than $50 in total refills on the device ; you are a former customer , your account balance is zero and you did not port out a line associated with the device during the buyer’s remorse period ; you provide proof of purchase if t-mobile is unable to verify purchase . note : exceptions to some or all requirements may apply in certain circumstances , including for military personnel and business and government accounts . if you qualify for the above list , give them a call and they will help you out ! success case : a user from xda developers forum answered to a problem similar to your own , you can read about it here : i just unlocked mine a few days ago . if you meet the requirements you should be fine , http://support.t-mobile.com/docs/doc-1588 i bought my phone from ebay from a guy in florida ( i am in ny ) , i had it on my account for a few months . so i had no reciept or anything , or history of the phone . when i called they asked for my phone number , account passcode , the phones model name and imei . then i gave them my email , and recieved the code via email in about 24hrs . so it was pretty painless and free . alternatives : there is a xda developers thread with lots of users claiming to have successfully unlocked their devices either by changing their imei or by means of truth manipulation : answer #4: yup . i got mine unlocked through t-mobile for free . just tell them that your going to travel during soon or something and they will give you a pin in about 15 days . answer #10 : fwiw i have successfully sim unlocked my t-mobile galaxy blaze at the cost of erasing the imei ! the step by step is found here : turn off the phone . insert a sim from another provider into your phone . click " dismiss " on the enter unlock code screen after the phone starts up . wait a minute for the phone to power on and settle down . go to the dialer screen . enter *#197328640# the screen will change to the hidden menu as soon as you hit the last # key in the dailer press 1 debug screen press 8 phone control press 5 simulation press 6 network lock press 3 perso sha256 off wait exactly 30 seconds press the menu key on the phone and select back option . this will take you back to network lock screen . press 4 nw lock nv data initialliz wait exactly one minute and reboot the phone . your phone should be unlocked . i tried this on t-989 uvle1 original rom with root on . i have not tested it on any other version or roms or any other phones . disclaimer : i am not responsible for anything you do with your phone . read the entire thread here .
i used ultimate simlock code generator to unlock my phone .
wifi only tablets fit your requirement of " no calling facility " but they have sound and some have camera . google is coming up with project ara , here is the link http://www.projectara.com this project specifically targets people who wants to customize their mobile phones just like " assembling components in desktop pc " . for example:- if you want to remove the camera , you can simply remove that particular module alone . but android might not be compatible with such configuration as of now . may be in coming months , probably in a year or two you might be able to do all that . in some countries they have managed to remove google services and install their own yandex , nokia has done the same with one of their models , amazon has done something similar with android .
" i do not want any app to get installed on it . . . " technically this is impossible , since there are system apps like SystemUI and framework-res that android needs to actually function . but if you are talking about non-essential apps only , then perhaps you can delete them with root . go to /system on a file manager that supports root , e.g. x-plore and root explorer , and delete the apps that you think are safe to delete . be careful though , as those apps are on the /system partition and not /data for a reason . your phone might become unstable after this . the list of safe apps varies per manufacturer , but remember , google is your friend ! good luck .
i think the problem is with the recovery . use the recommended version of cwm recovery . also check the md5 checksum of the cm11 zip file u downloaded to see if its intact .
i hate to answer my phone question on here , but finally sorted it ! thanks to adach1979 for pointing me towards a useful resource too . in the end i had to put cm10.2 onto the sd card and install that using cwm - it wiped all of my data ( urgh ) but at least the phone was working again . i then used cyanogenmod 's fantastic installer to get the latest version - http://beta.download.cyanogenmod.org/install i then had issues where the usb kept disconnecting , apparently this is common on samsung devices and i managed to fix it by using zadig and these instructions - http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/82393-samsung-devices-we-couldnt-talk-to-your-phone/ and now , almost 4 hours after i started , cm11 is finally installed on my phone ! : )
a quick google search turned up this . does it help ? have you tried re-installing the version you were upgrading from ?
just to collect more information with this question for future use of it , what recovery did you use ? maybe the zip you downloaded was corrupted or for another device . indeed , i had the same problem with my i9505 trying flashing a niglty build of cm11 . let me know ! regards , luca
on my s2 running ics , there are options available for notification as well as downloading via wi-fi . look under settings > about phone > software update if you do not have such options and you have a rooted phone , use software like titanium backup to freeze the software update module .
on my device ( it runs jelly bean ) there is an option under settings > application > all ( 'tab' ) now select the " software update " app and then click on " turn off/disable " . this will stop the over the air notification for system update and whenever you want to update then " turn on/enable " the app again .
cdc serial means that your phone was previously owned by a fellow member of the united states centers for disease control and prevention .
i have never found windows to be very helpful in identifying drivers either . here 's some information for you on what usb cdc is . according to wikipedia : usb communications device class ( or usb cdc ) is a composite universal serial bus device class . the class may include more than one interface , such as a custom control interface , data interface , audio , or mass storage related interfaces . additionally , a resource called the usb software resource center has this overview of cdc : there are three classes that make up the definition for communication devices : the communication device class , communication interface class and the data interface class . the communication device class is a device level definition and is used by the host to properly identify a communication device that may present several different types of interfaces . all of that is developer-speak , but it really just means that a usb cdc driver helps your pc 1 ) understand what services your phone can provide it and 2 ) start talking to your phone to use those services . i do not know for sure what service the cdc serial driver you see represents but i am pretty confident that installing the official samsung drivers for your phone would resolve the red x ( the drivers that windows installs automatically are sometimes generic and are often insufficient ) . in its current state , with your phone connected as an mtp device , do you have any trouble transferring files or doing anything else you want to do with your phone from your pc ? if you are not having trouble then it is possible the cdc serial driver is only used for connecting your phone as a modem or serial device ( as when communicating with your phone from the developer tool adb ) . if you are not planning to use your phone in this manner , you can safely ignore the failed installation of the cdc serial driver . i would not stress too much over it and would install the samsung drivers if you run into any trouble .
it works . game closure ( which is html/javascript ) runs on ouya . there are some posts by staff members on the mailing list . it takes some work to get controller support as of writing ( they are working on making it available out of the box ) .
if you have root , then its a simple matter of remounting the system partition as read-write and try copying the swiftkey 's apk into /system/app , then remount the system partition again , it will then appear as a system application . then on first run , it will re-create the libs etc in the respective /data partition .
as you have root , all you have to do is find the swiftkey apk file using a file manager such as root explorer , and then cut it to the /system/app directory . once this is done , go into Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All-&gt;Swiftkey after rebooting , and select the clear data option . it should not work without force closing .
first , go to to root folder then go to "/data/data/.com.android.swiftkey" then copy the " lib " files to "//system/lib " and after that , go to root then "//data/app " and copy the " swiftkey " apps file to //system/app and restart your phone . after rebooting open titanium backup , find swiftkey and wipe data . done . it wont force close again : )
you can postpone the installation of an os update , but you can not put it off forever . just keep watching for the notification that an update is available . after some period of time , though , and i do not know how long that is , the update will simply download and install on its own . be aware , though , that if it were possible to postpone it forever , any future update will not install on your phone .
( 1 ) if you have root , you can use titianium backup , and uninstall " device management 3.0" ( or some other version ) . ( 2 ) or , [ also needs root ] , remove dmclient . apk , dmclient . odex , cmclient . apk , cmclient . odex from /system/app . back-up these files first , in case you want to update in the future ; you will need these .
no need to factory reset . just go to Settings &rarr ; Call . scroll down to the bottom and enable Show caller ID for missed calls on lock screen and status bar .
okay ; i finally figured this out ! go to the people app click on a contact to see the contact detail bring up the menu click Mark as default choose default picture , email , phone , etc .
well , it seems from the api that android includes a tts engine , so i would imagine there would be quite a few apps . i have done a quick search , although i do not have a smartphone so i cannot vouch for the suitability , but here is one app that seems simple enough . text to speech toy .
assuming all other tablets are of identical model to the original , it should be as easy as rooting them , installing cwm , and then restoring the nandroid backup you made with the original one . keep in mind that nandroid utility does not back up the contents of the sd card . if duplicating the sd card is also required , that would need to be done separately .
acrobits groundwire ( what is new section for 4.0.4 ( 2013-12-19 ) claims " support for push notifications using google cloud messaging ! " ) &hellip ;
you have a great point , and a valid question . looks like this was raised as an enhancement request two years ago , if that means anything . i found two apps that seek to address your concern : whisper systems has a different method of working around smudge issues by asking users to wipe over the smudges they just created . number track lock advertises the exact functionality you are looking for . this is a paid app that has mediocre reviews , so proceed at your own risk . neither of these to me are a perfect solution . i would love to see this built into android - perhaps you can find a rom with something like this baked in ?
that is a very interesting question . i am not sure if this can be done , to scramble the keypad 's number layout every-time on unlock to force you to slow down . you have pointed out the weakness in the security - smudges on the touchscreen ; the only thing that i can think of is this - wipe down the screen each time . . . now you may get funny looks from others , akin to taking off the glasses each time and wiping it cleanly to " see " again if you get my drift . i would not be surprised if there is a soft keyboard layout that appears at random intervals but i suspect its never thought of as it would drive users batty especially when texting . the lock-screen 's pin mechanism is in-built and to override that mechanism requires going down the unofficial programming interface that does not have the approval from google 's android development aspect . almost bordering on using malware techniques to achieve it . the other thing i can think of is to use a screen protector , in that way , the smudges will show on it but not on the actual touchscreen . despite saying that , one could theoretically sprinkle a bit of powder on the screen and gently brush it away to see where the fingerprint is on but that is going ott on the other hand , that is , if you watch too much ncis . . . : ) my suggestion - in the case of pattern unlock , do not allow " use visible pattern " or " use tactile feedback " under settings > location and security settings , to minimize breach . but however , your question is a worthy +1 from me from a security viewpoint . edit : just an afterthought after exchange on chat , it is quite possible in theory , to use a custom keyboard that is tied specifically to password input , the ones that shows an asterisk in place , and just randomize the keyboard layout with letters , numbers re-positioned at random intervals but that could have an adverse side effect , as in " darn it , now i have to be extra careful to , not to go too fast ! " or " darn it , one thing to do - uninstall it as tis annoying ! "
i have used a couple of different bluetooth keyboards and they all work pretty well on android . i would assume the apple keyboards would work just as well . i am a fan of logitech keyboards just because i have always used them and they have always worked . you can always just buy an apple keyboard and if it does not work you can just return it .
at lest some devices seem to have a setuid root copy of tcpdump installed
a surely working , but hard to achieve solution would be to set up an access-point where you log all the traffic and connect your phone to it .
here 's an idea for your problem . had the same as well . searched a long time to get my keys to the android phone . i work with osx . there is a tutorial how to export the keys it seems to be a matter of key and certificate conversion . hope that helps : http://hackonadime.blogspot.de/2012/03/securing-your-mobile-email-thunderbird.html
i am pretty sure that the order it determined by the frequency you call or receives calls from these contacts ( maybe sms messages are also counted ) . there is iirc no manual way to fix the order .
in the messaging app , click the left soft key and open Settings . under Notifications , make sure Vibrate is checked .
this is still just my best guess , but i would definitely check to be sure that google voice is linked to your cell number and that it is set up to forward your calls . you should see something like this in your settings : if that is all set up properly then you might want to consider starting a discussion thread over at google 's support forum .
wi-fi hotspot allows you to share your phone 's internet connection with other devices which have wi-fi adapters . for example , of you have a laptop with wi-fi and you want to connect to the net , you can enable wi-fi hotspot on the phone then connect the laptop wirelessly to the phone . there may be carrier restrictions or costs for doing this . . . like sprint which requires you to activate the wi-fi option for your evo 's account which costs an additional $30/month . other carriers may assess charges by amount of data consumed or block the feature altogether . some users have rooted their phones to bypass the enablement restrictions , but that may still result in charges for bandwidth used .
ugh , that is 4 questions in one . our site works best with one question per post ; but let me try : how to install via cwm ( custom recovery ) ? usually , it is " install update . zip from sdcard " when the deal is to " install something via recovery " . by default , there should be an update.zip file in the root of the sdcard , which you then navigate to and select . hint : i always update it via google play ( the " normal way" ) . works smoothly , never had trouble , does not require a reboot . is the choice " install supersu into /system " supposed to still be possible to select after a successful install ? i would say " no " , but it depends . this usually moves the app from /data ( user-space ) to /system ( system-space ) . after having moved it , it should no longer be in its original location . but depending on how updates are installed ( supersu e.g. updates via google play , like any other app ) , this update could again end up in user-space , in which case the user might wish to " repeat " the system integration . how do i run an arbitrary program as root ? two-fold . first , " arbitrary programs " ( apps ) must request root access themselves , you cannot make them " run as root " . that is a little different when it comes to the command line : prefixing your commands with su makes the terminal app requesting root access . so you could e.g. list all directories below /data using su ls /data and succeed ( while a simple ls /data would not be able to access all files/sub-directories here ) . is it normal for supersu to " close " itself spontaneously while looking through the settings ? i have never experienced that , and i am using supersu on one of my devices for a year now ( the others have chainfire 's superuser ) . but i must admit i am not often calling it directly and stay there for longer . i mostly only see the access requests of apps , or the update recommendation via play : )
yes . there is also several other partitions in the internal storage , which is what the other 1gb is taken up by . /boot - contains the bootloader , ramdisk image , and the linux kernel image . /system - contains all the os stuff ( both linux and android ) as well as built in system apps ( e . g . the launcher and the dialer ) . /recovery - contains the recovery os , which is used for updating as also recovering from situations that prevent booting into android proper . /data - this is what you see as " internal storage " . this is where all your user installed apps ( both from the play store and any other sources ) go , as well as where they save their data . /cache - exactly what it sounds like . various bits of frequently needed stuff stored in a quick to access manner . /misc - stores various miscellaneous system settings . 1.5 " phone storage " is basically like a built-in sd card as far as the os is concerned . it is general user storage . what exactly are you trying to install ? the internal storage ( /data above ) is where an app generally goes , but particularly big apps ( e . g . games like the asphalt series ) will store the large resources in a user partition by default ( rather than optionally via the " move to sd " option ) .
to 1 . : yes , you are correct . remaining space probably goes to the /system partition ( the android system itself requires some space , you might have guessed ) . everything else is just a guess and hard to say without a closer look ; but it might have a separate " mount " for cache , temp , and some other system relevant stuff . not having any device with 4 . x yet , i unfortunately cannot answer to 2 . for sure -- so i leave that to somebody else . my device has 6gb inside , so i never installed any app to sd ( what good would that be for , in my case ? ) .
if you use the gmail app the mail is pushed instead of synced and therefore you cannot find the sync frequency setup . however , if you set up your gmail account in the android email app , where you can have your non gmail accounts ( pop3/imap/exchange ) , the mail is synced and you can set the frequency in the account settings , inside the email app .
you can only set how much e-mails are synced in the gmail settings . goto gmail > labels > organize labels > click on the label you edit want . now you have tree options , 4day , all or nothing . if you choose 4 days , gmail downloads the e-mails of the last 4 days , if you choose all , all mails were downloaded and nothing say what its doing .
are you possibly using " domestic " roaming , i.e. using another network in the same country as your home provider ? android changed the behavior of the roaming indicator somewhat , so that it does not count domestic roaming as real roaming anymore .
on which phone are you using ics ? i'am using ics on an galaxy s gt-i9000 ( teamhacksung rom ) and it showed me the r in the signal strength bars .
he will still have access to all his purchases . he will not be able to access the uk google play store , unless he uses alternative methods ( vpn/tunneling/market enablers . . ) . assuming he managed to access the uk play store ( 2 ) , he will be able to purchase as normal provided that he has access to his uk credit/debit card . in order to purchase a nexus device , he has to use his uk credit/debit card , and select a uk address for shipping , and then have someone forward him the package . provided that the devices he purchased was activated in the uk , he should still the books and movies apps on his android phones/tablets . some devices however will automatically freeze these apps on boot if the device was not activated in a supported country . note : devices , books , magazines , music and movies and tv are not available in switzerland without using methods that bypass the restrictions . note : the answer above is based on my experience with dealing with google purchases , market restrictions , and international shipping . i have never dealt with the swiss google market specifically , but the experience should be the same .
how can i tell i am affected ? this is probably the first question to those not familiar with this topic . with gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) and above , you have got a service aboard helping you to figure out : battery statistics . though manufacturers tend to place it at different points , it is mostly found in settings &rarr ; about the phone &rarr ; battery or similar , and shows a list of the apps having used most of your battery . on top of that is a small graph . tap that , and it brings you to a screen similar to this one : screenshot of battery statistics on android 2.3 i chose a screenshot from one of my devices which illustrates the issue . looking at the lower two blue bars ( "aktiv " = device was kept awake ( active ) , " bildschirm an " = " screen on" ) , the right-most blue bar on " aktiv " indicates a wakelock : device was kept busy despite the fact the screen was turned off . so by this we can be pretty sure we have got a wakelock -- but we cannot tell who caused it . if your device does not offer this screen ( or the bars at the bottom : i just discovered e.g. the lg optimus 4x running android 4.0.3 has cut these bars off ) , you can find them e.g. using gsam battery monitor : similar information from gsam battery monitor -- here the mentioned " blue bars " are yellow/orange what caused the wakelock ? unfortunately , this question cannot be answered using pre-installed apps ( except for , maybe , some custom roms ) . but there are tools available that can . the best known candidate for this is betterbatterystats , and shows us the cause in its partial wakelocks section : screenshots from betterbatterystats in the first example 2 ( taken from the app 's playstore page ) , the event causing most of the wakelocks was a desired one : we do not want the playback stopped while listening to music . so the second example 3 ( taken from a real case on one of my devices ) might prove better : the topmost 3 events are caused by the very same app , which needed the wakelock to keep the imap push service active . for an alternative to betterbatterystats , check out the wakelock detector app mentioned in uzumapps ' answer -- which seems easier to handle especially for non-techies : wakelock detector -- click image to enlarge . ( source : google play ) what can be done ? if the case is as clear as in the second example in the previous section , the action is quite obvious -- at least in my case : i do not need to be informed immediately when a mail arrives ; a delay of 30min is absolutely acceptable . so i went into the mail app , disabled imap push ( see also : push email ) , and instead switched to a 30min poll interval . wakelocks did not entirely disappear , but dropped markably -- battery life improved noticably . then there is the case mentioned in the question itself : a bad behaving app not releasing its wakelock . confront the dev with your findings and ask for a fix . if he delivers : problem solved . if not : there is almost always an alternative app available . what if it is the android system itself ? yeah , sometimes it looks like just that : 98% or more consumed by some android service . oh , if it is 98% , in most cases the candidate is named locationmanagerservice . bad guy spying at us ? not necessarily . in this special case , the listed " bad guy " is not even guilty -- at least not directly . here it is another app requesting the current location too frequently . there is an excellent article on setera . org about this : pinpointing android locationmanagerservice battery drain . to give an abstract : it uses android 's dumpsys feature ( requires root ! ) to dump a system state , and lets you investigate the listeners established for the locationmanagerservice . a closer look at their configuration shows which are constantly " hammering " it for location info ( some do so permanently , i.e. without a break ) . as the app 's id is listed along , and at another place in the dump even together with the apps technical name , you can still identify it and take appropriate actions . and what about ufos ? unfortunately , there are such : apps which registered a wakelock -- and then exited without releasing it . what is left are unused f **ing obsoletes* -- wakelocks held for no use . so no way to simply bring the app to foreground and re-configure , or making it release its wakelocks . here the only solution known to me is a reboot -- and i would like to have a better solution . of course , if you know the guilty app , the steps concerning it are the same as above : inform the dev , get a fix -- or replace the app . but about getting rid of the current wakelock ? maybe somebody else can provide a better alternative to the reboot ? are there some recommended further readings ? sure . one for now , i may add more later : [ guide ] wakelocks definition and how to prevent them ( xda developers , march 2013 )
in short , this is a very good question but am afraid , it warrants more than just making the end-user aware ! redesign the kernel to eliminate wake-locks and use a more thorough efficient way of managing the principle better thereby prolonging battery life . unfortunately , it has been accepted as a de-facto solution to enable " power management " despite it is not exactly efficient either ! there was an extensive discussion about wakelocks ( with gregh kroah hartman - the linux guru for drivers development - am googling for the exact linky ) , other sites such as lwn .netand another article explained on the same site here . this was the article gregh kroah hartman referred to this blog , in which he appears to agree with the alternative solution proposed by rafael j . wysocki have documented a lot about the potential alternative . am not sure if that is actually in place in the more modern kernel v3 . x.x. badly designed apps can and often request wakelocks such as keeping the screen on , but in fact , in this scenario for keeping the screen on , there is in fact a more efficient way to do this : getWindow().addFlags(LayoutParams.FLAG_KEEP_SCREEN_ON);  whilst , striving to keep this clear of jargon etc for the end user , really the core of the issue boils down to the kernel code in how the wakelocks are managed . here is a brief summary on xda on what is wakelocks for the uninitiated . by using betterbatterystats , one could see exactly which process is draining the battery , the wiki is hosted on github , and is available on the market here .
check out wakelock detector : xda-developers / google play : wakelock detector groups the wakelocks of app into one expandable view for better look . and it shows which apps are running . and there are kill uninstall info buttons in expanded view of app . click image to enlarge . ( source : google play ) disclosure : i am one of responsible developer for this app . four more friends are with me working on this project as a hobby .
when you leave an app that was running in the screen , it stops running , but android keeps its process in memory . this means that next time you want that app in the foreground , or next time it runs a service in the background ( e . g . to check for email ) , the app can run again without android having to load it from storage again . this means it starts faster and uses less battery . apps that have been kept alive but not running in this way are called cached background processes . they still use some ram , but android will automatically remove them from ram if it needs to free it up for running apps , so they do not affect the amount of ram available to other apps .
shut down your device overnight . or just plug it in before sleep . or buy a new one . after some time the battery want resist so much . oh . . of course . . . or buy a new battery .
if you are running a custom rom , check with its makers if there are any known causes for battery drain . otherwise , ( since there are no known issues with stock android 2.3.7 , the battery drain is caused by some app . turn off bluetooth and auto sync ( leave wifi on ) , install watchdog and charge the battery fully , then let your phone idle for a couple of hours . in that time , any apps that misbehave will be listed under the alerts tab of watchdog . check that and report here , maybe we can help . if it does not list any app , try eliminating each of the common culprits for battery drain - social media ( older versions of facebook ) and sync apps that constantly use connectivity options , free versions of apps that regularly pull in ads for display , location apps including google 's own reporting service . uninstall or turn off whichever you can . if ads are an issue , and you are rooted , you can use adblock . also , check for your battery health - if you have been a heavy user for over 2 years , it is likely that the battery has lost much of its original capacity , in which case a battery replacement would be necessary ( i know because i have the same problem , and ordered a new battery yesterday ) . you can find oem batteries for $30-40 - avoid cheap duplicates , you never know what they could do to your phone .
there are several things which can be done . most obvious is to switch it off completely ( grin ) , but that only as a side note . also , switching it to airplane mode falls close -- though , when used with a " timer " ( via automation apps such as tasker or llama ) , it can be quite a useful thing to not only save some juice over night , but also care for some silence . another obvious option is to connect it to some power source , which clearly prevents it from running out of juice . but these are just general rules . in your special case , the problem is some app draining your battery over night . true , above mentioned solutions would take care that there is enough juice left -- but still that is a misbehaving app . so first thing i would do is , after it drained a little ( but still enough juice is left , say 30% or more to be sure ) , go and check your battery stats . you will find them in your system settings , on most devices it is in settings &rarr ; about phone &rarr ; battery use . this should list the most heavy consumers , and your candidate should be on the very top . other useful sources on this topic ( and here at android enthusiasts ) include : how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? ( especially when you cannot find the " evil app " in the consumers list ) how can i tell what is really draining my battery ? what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
the literature you read was wrong , then . link2sd only uses the extra partition . the main partition is still mounted under /media/sdcard or somewhere similar . with link2sd , you cannot physically remove the sd card , but you can mount the sd card on the computer . the second partition does not get mounted , so the apps are still accessible while the standard partition is mounted on the computer . if you want more space , you can always repartition your sd card manually on your computer , if your version of clockworkmod ( cwm ) does not have the size you desire . gparted on linux is a handy gui , and there are apps for mac and windows as well . and you can still install apps to your sd card the normal android way , though the dalvik cache and other data will still use up the internal memory ( which is likely limited in your case , as that is the reason to use link2sd in the first place ) . purpose of link2sd here 's an hypothetical example+ . you have 180mb free internal memory . you have a standard 16gb sd card . when you install an app to the sd card , 10%* of the app is actually still on the internal memory . so when you have installed 1.8gb of apps , you run out of internal memory , even though your external sd card could hold a bunch more . in comes link2sd . now , your sd card is actually 12gb standard and 4gb for linking . new apps get linked , but this time 100% of the app is moved , so you can install 4gb of apps instead of 1.8gb . you should not be limited to 4gb , either . clockworkmod ( cwm ) may only list 4gb as the maximum size , but you can use a computer to make the linking partition as large as you want . *made up percentage . it varies by app . +not so hypothetical . with my old optimus v , this was almost exactly my setup .
have you tried installing portugese* as a language in your phone settings ? your current language obviously does not contain that character . if you download and install the portugese* language pack for your phone , it should recognize that character in the wi-fi network name . alternately , you could try to manually add the wi-fi network to your phone using the network ssid . simply type in the correct ssid ( network name ) with the special character instead of trying to auto-detect the network . edit : as a quick and dirty solution , you could also use an app like wifi connection manager which claims to be able to handle special characters . also , according to this page ( stackexchange-url it seems like the default android encoding of ssid 's is the source of your problem . the only fix i have seen is using an app or writing your own driver or script to connect to the network using the correct encoding for special characters .
try installing an app for connecting to ssid having special characters in it . you may find it in the android market . or you can download it here . reference - stackoverflow link .
calendar snooze can repeat reminders until you acknowledge them , forever . it works with the default calendar app , and will let it keep syncing with google . you can customize how often the notification repeats , how many times ( including " keep repeating" ) , and you can customize two sets of reminders , for example repeating every minute for 5 minutes , and then ever 5 minutes for an hour . it can also use notifications , the led , text-to-speech , and alert popups . it also ( as the name suggests ) allows a very powerful snooze mechanism , with completely customizable snoozes .
open the calendar app . press menu > settings > scroll down to notification settings . you can then choose your desired ringtone and whether an alert should pop up or merely a notification bar update shows along with vibrate options . as a calendar alternative , check out jorte . the galaxy s2 's alarm interface has options for recurring alarms as well as preset snooze modes . update : nudnik and calendar event reminder are calendar nag apps that seem to offer the functionality you are looking for .
now that astrid has stopped , trying out tictac . working quite well and seems reliable
im trying now calendaralarmhelper that is way cheaper than tree suggestion . free version expires after 7 days but has full functionalities .
calendar -> settings -> notification settings -> select ringtone . also set " alerts and notifications " in the same menu to alerts .
you could try astrid , i find it very useful as a task manager
you need to flash the kernel first and then root the device . in 4.3 google have implmended a securty feature which causes some rooting problems .
you can install the dolphin browser , and change the user-agent to ipad . then dolphin can use html5 . you see these instructions when you try to activate flash in dolphin .
the default browser is being replaced by chrome as of android 4.1 for stock android , so i doubt it will see any updates in the future . if you want to use sites that have html5 features , you should install chrome and use that ( and by extension if you are targeting android devices with a web app , you should be targeting chrome ) .
in 4.2 . x jelly bean you can pinch-zoom or two-finger glide in order to toggle between base and expanded [ notification ] layouts . not all notifications can be expanded , however . the next time the notification appears try using two fingers to " pull " the notification down into an expanded layout .
they are trying to fleece you . do not agree to that , nor to the other tricks they employ trying to fork more money from you ( the basic color is not in stock etc . )
just had a look on my uk froyo galaxy s , if i go into the locale and text menu , i can not see any options for hebrew in there , and looking at keyboard settings i can not see any hebrew options for input language on the swype or samsung keyboards either . looking at first party google apps on the market i see imes for pinyin ( chinese ) and korean , nothing for hebrew . however i am using a device with a european build on it , which would explain why i see mainly european languages in the list , i do not know if other builds will have hebrew in by default .
can not answer for galaxy s , but it works on my lg optimus t . one approach might be to go to the store and try the built-in browser on a web page with hebrew . as long as that works , i suspect you will be ok . perhaps they will say that for $75 you also get a hebrew onscreen keyboard . . . but if so , you could probably skip that and try " any soft keyboard " with the " hebrew language pack " , both free in the market . again i have not tried anything on a galaxy s but it works on my froyo-bearing lg .
i treat chargers with the same specs as interchangeable . . . many usb chargers are rated as 5v 500ma ( or . 5a ) ; in most cases , you should be able to interchange them ( it may take excellent eyesight to actually read the specs ; on my motoroloa chargers , they are very faintly engraved ) . some apple chargers produce more current than the standard 500ma , so i would not use them to charge products other than the intended . since most computer usb ports are rated for 500ma , chargers with the same rating should charge any usb-chargeable device without problems .
production phones do not ship with root access , developer phones do . if you have a production phone ( likely : you had know if you bought a dev phone ) , you have to " root " them first . as @joe_casadonte points out , there are some great instructions here and elsewhere ( notably the cyanogenmod wiki and android rom 's google group ) to get you started rooting your phone . ( and if you get stuck . . . come back here with your questions ! ) . once you have rooted your phone , you can gain root privileges in the adb shell or the terminal emulator with the su command . note : it sounds from some of your responses like you have not yet rooted your phone . so you will need to start there .
see the following questions : what does " to root a phone " mean ? how do i root my phone ? i have rooted my phone . now what ?
type su and your terminal prompt should change from $ to # . this is assuming that your device is already rooted .
google play services can be disabled ( turned off ) , and it is possible you did so . to find out if this is the case , and to re-enable , use settings> application manager , and find the list of apps either ' all ' , or sometimes it is split into ' disabled ' ( turned off ) . the ' all ' or ' disabled ' lists are to the far right panel of this tabbed interface - scroll far right . if not in a disabled list , the disabled apps are at the bottom of the ' all ' list . find it alphabetically to re-enable ( turn on ) .
you cannot install cwm recovery onto the samsung galaxy tab p1000 via rom manager app . you will need to flash it via odin or heimdal utilities . xda-developers forums are a good start . i suggest reading up on the galaxy tab android development section . this thread seems to have good instructions for flashing clockworkmod v3 along with a euro-specific kernel . this should be a good start that will allow you to format the tab to ext4 file system , and allow for flashing other roms such as cm9 alpha/beta . what is in the package : galaxy tab ( euro ) kernel 1.4ghz clockspeed ( stock voltage ) voodoo sound patch v6 ( search the market for the voodoo control app ) 100 % mcr ext4 compatible and separate overcome version uv control by sysfs or app ( thanks to xan ) camera/key-backlight working uv lcd ( 3.3v to 2.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi uv ram ( 1.8v to 1.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi led flash for flash light apps thanks to koxudaxi filesystem support - ext2/ext3/ext4 frequencies 100/200/400/800/1000/1200/1400 rooted adb shell clockworkmod 3 ( thanks to paul obrien ) always backup your stuff before flashing anything . extract the zip and use heimdall to flash the zimage ( kernel directory ) . heimdall must be version 1.1.0 or greater . you must have the libusb drivers working in download mode before you can flash using heimdall . use the command line : heimdall flash --kernel zImage where zimage is the name of the kernel , full path names are allowed . downloadlink : galaxy tab 1.4ghz v16 - mcr version if you have a problem with the sensors just push this file to /system/lib/hw : http://xda.richardtrip.org/tab/sensors.default.so
i have three droid incredibles that we have replaced with different phones . the play store still works on all of them . check out this post for the most recent google play apk and side load it . if that does not work , i would recommend doing a factory reset . it seems like your system has gotten confused . alos , look into airplane mode wifi app to keep your wireless radio off but leave your wifi on .
it might be a long shot , but have you tried using adb to install apks ?
this is highly subjective in the context of hardware/software hacking . minix indeed uses the android platform ( judging by their website ) , however , it is a dedicated set top-box and maybe the protocol for talking to the remote is different to one of google tv kind . have the crowd behind it , shared some source code or protocol specifications ? might be worth checking around on forums to see if anyone has hacked the top-box that can do so . its a gamble having said that but it does sound fun trying to get the google tv remote to work with it : )
you could try booting into recovery . there may be an option to format from there , but i am fairly certain it would only be a feature of custom recoveries . . . worth trying though ! with the wildfire i think you hold down power and the volume button , which takes you into hboot . from there you can scroll ( with the volume buttons ) to recovery . that will take you to the recovery screen , where a series of options should be available .
in settings -> sd card and phone storage there is an option to format the sdcard . you first have to unmount the sdcard before you can format it .
after a bit of investigation , i found there is people already working on having cyanogenmod on this model : https://github.com/sebastian404/android_device_huawei_u8160
there are two places to look for more information on this . that would be the actual cyanogenmod website and the xda-developers forum . a search of both places shows that there is not anything readily available for the u8160 . this means that you would need to do a significant amount of hacking to get it working .
there may be an option in your settings , but easier , just open google maps , start using the compass and spin your phone in figure 8 pattern . that is all there is to it .
it depends on your model of phone . if there is no built-in compass calibration application from the manufacturer , then likely you can calibrate your compass by opening up any application that uses the compass , and moving the device in a certain manner . here are two types of movements to try : the " figure 8 pattern " easier said than understood . here 's what it looks like youtube video of figure 8 compass calibration . three axis rotations : rotate 360° around each of the three axes , so one full rotation with screen facing up , one full rotation " rolling " sideways , one full rotation " pitching " forward .
cleared dalvik cache and it worked .
if you are willing to look at wikis then wikipedia has a changelog for it > > > click me
as far as android is concerned , 4.2.1 to 4.2.2 contained only a few things . they include : show remaining time for downloads from the play store provide a system notification sound when wireless charging begins allows long-pressing on certain tiles in quick settings in reality , since you have a device that does not support wireless charging , the second point obviously does not apply to you . and since cm already heavily modified the tiles for quick settings and offers far more options that this update introduced , the only benefit you would get out of this update would be showing the remaining time . but , cm has new features being added all the time that are separate of the features added by google . if you look under settings -> about phone -> view changelog , you can see a big list of all the major features that cm 10.1 adds to google 's android 4.2.2 release . and if you want to look at all the specific changes ( usually around 10-50 per day , although , some are new features , some are bug fixes for devices not related to yours , and some are new/updated translations ) , you can see it online at http://changelog.bbqdroid.org and clicking on your device and cm version . you can browse through the changes for each nightly there , and although some of the subjects can be cryptic , you can still usually make out what new features are being introduced .
if you could see the official android web page , the section What's new in Android 4.2, Jelly Bean enumerates all the changes in detail . though it is the delta from 4.1 and not from 4.2.1 as you had asked for .
the " classic cwm " does not even support the touch screen . it is operated solely via hardware keys -- usually the volume up/down keys to navigate , and the power button to confirm actions . on devices featuring a trackball ( as the " classic htc-wildfire for example ) , this can be used as well to scroll the menus and confirm actions . note that there is also a touch-enabled cwm available -- but that is not the " classical one " . however , if your device comes from the manufacturer , it is not equipped with clockworkmod , but with a stock recovery . stock recovery does not support nandroid backups . so you would first need to flash the recovery in order to use that . depending on the device , there may be different installation instructions ( and different requirements ) , so make sure to check that first . cwm would then replace the existing "3e " recovery located on the /recovery partition , but should leave the other parts ( e . g . your /data and /system ) intact .
need a more concrete answer - the stock recovery is very different to cwm ( clockwork mod ) in that stock recovery cannot do what cwm can do ! as for asking what can i do to install clockworkmod without touchscreen support you will have to re-flash the device with a custom boot/recovery/system , inevitably you will lose everything when that is carried out . i could suggest , let the device boot up , and try get a rom-dumper tool installed into /data/local/tmp by way of shell script or similar tool that will save the data that would be compatible with clockwork mod ( disclaimer : you are on your own here ) , you are rooted anyway at least ! : )
there is the free and open source tunes viewer which is sadly not available in the play store ( apple probably does not allow it ) : the easiest way is to install the foss market f-droid which hosts such apps and install tunes viewer from there ( search for " tunesviewer" ) . it is also directly available as an . apk installation file here , but i would prefer the f-droid market installation because you get updates . the project 's homepage is on sourceforge . ps : the f-droid repository is an easily-installable catalogue of foss ( free and open source software ) applications for the android platform . the server contains the details of multiple versions of each application , and the android client makes it easy to browse , install them onto your device , and keep track of updates . *
unfortunately , you will have to download itunes . . then drag the downloaded courses over to your mobile device . .
iphone emoticons are not character combinations like :- but they are single utf-16 character of emoticons called emoji which are not by default supported in android . by using some third party sms apps such as go sms pro and installing its emoji plugin you would be able to send and receive such iphone emoticons to/from your friend .
sms , generally , uses the 7-bit gsm encoding standard , however a quick cursory glance with google-fu yielded this answer posted on stackoverflow which seems to say that apple uses utf-16 ( unicode encoding ) . this would explain why you got a rectangular box as the handset is not able to decipher the encoding . you can find out more here as per the standards document
you can very nearly do this with totally standard built-in features , most of which actually rely on support from the phone network rather than anything special on your phone . in fact i can not think of a real way to do absolutely everything you are asking without implementing it at the phone network , rather than on the phone . you can block " unknown " numbers very easily , but i do not think there is a standard way to play a message saying that the call has been blocked and why . after all your phone would have to answer the call itself in order to play the message , only the phone network can talk to callers without answering the call ! to block unknown callers : on your phone , go into settings , then into call settings , select all calls , select auto reject , tick the box to enable auto reject , select auto reject list and tick unknown . playing a message to callers after the phone has not been answered for a specific time is exactly what normal voicemail does . most voicemail kicks in after a small number of rings , but if you want to extend that most networks will allow you to set a longer time before the vooicemail divert happens , but you will probably need to call your network to arrange this . i have had to set this up for phones on two different networks in the past , for one i had to type a complicated *# dialler code into the phone to request the longer delay , on the other the phone company 's helpline could arrange this over the phone .
definitely it is related to low battery , i tried a couple of more tests and if the battery is &lt ; 20% this always happens .
take it back to wherever you bought it and demand a refund . regardless if this is a hardware or software problem , you should not have a problem with the sales staff -- show them the picture you linked to .
do not forget dlna using the allshare app , if your tv system supports it .
see this page for the galaxy s 's standard tv-out cable as sold by samsung , this plugs into the 3.5mm headphone port on the phone . it can also output hdmi via an adaptor that plugs into the micro-usb port , though this has the obvious disadvantage that you can not plug it into power to charge at the same time as playing .
according to this blog post , you need a 3.5mm -> rca/phono cable , and it goes in the headphone socket of the phone .
since you mentioned you were still seeing it after installing offline , i am going to assume you also tried the game while still offline . if the data was there , it could have made a folder to hold the data which you could get to and delete using a file explorer . there is a number of apps that make folders to hold data that do not get deleted when the app is uninstalled .
it is possible that the game progress is saved in the cloud , if you are using google play games . the google help page says you can clear this progress / data , but note that it will clear for all games : if you want to delete your saved data from all games that use cloud save , visit the google settings app and select menu > clear app data . this will clear all your data from all accounts . depending on your device , your menu icon may look different .
it is been reported as a known issue on code . google . com . there is a long list of 79 comments which seem to indicate that rooting and adding a program called " autostarts " fixes the problem . this is obviously not something everyone is going to want to do . . . be careful if you go that route .
you can use the headset blocker widget to disable that behavior .
had this problem for the past couple days , and finally was sick of it . this morning , i tried deleting all my sms messages . after that did not work , i did this : menu - settings - applications - manage applications - all - messages , then hit " clear data " . that resolved the issue . you can try doing this before deleting your sms messages , but it may delete them when you clear the data -- not 100% sure ( it does warn it will wipe them ) . problem solved !
i have the same problem sometimes with my thunderbolt too . i deleted all the drafts and it does nothing , but you are on track because mine have been text that i typed in before either by mistake or never finished . here is the problem . the way i cleared it out before was to create an entirely new conversation since it is limited for a particular person , in my case .
on the main messages screen open the menu , then select drafts-> menu-> delete drafts . select the messages you want deleted , then press delete .
menu - settings - applications - manage applications - all - messages -> clear data worked for my htc thunderbolt .
since you mentioned text-messages my guess is that maybe you have a draft that the messaging app wants you to finish , although with my htc evo it does not do what yours is doing . try opening the message app and on the screen where you can see " all messages " open the menu and you might see an option to select " drafts " ( looks like a old 3.5" floppy ) . if you have any drafts delete them and see if this fixes your issue .
-close all apps -open the app by clicking on the shortcut -navigate to multitasking screen -this will show the currently cached/running apps -locate the app name which corresponds to the app opened by the shortcut -you have now found the app .
is that an exchange email ? then yes , removing it will trigger a factory reset . this is standard operating procedure , for security purposes ( of the company ) . as dotvezz said , you should back-up all your data ( pictures , documents , downloaded files , etc ) . to back-up your apps and its data , you can use titanium backup ; needs root . just to be on the safe side , also copy the titanium folder ( contains apps and data ) to your pc . after doing a factory reset , just restore the files with titanium backup ( which you had need to download from google play after the factory reset ) .
strange behavior , sometimes it show me the " downloading . . . . do not turn off target ! ! ! " message in fact , this strange behavior is the downloading mode . if it is true , then i would suggest trying to re-install the driver for the phone and seeing whether odin recognizes it .
i am pretty sure there is no phone with that resolution and on-screen buttons . it should be theoretically possible , but no one in their right mind would do that .
seems that the ext sd card is not mounting after a while , it could be a hardware failure
i think the only solution you have there is to reformat your tablet . if there is a way you could connect your tablet to a computer , then try to back up everything like your photos . the apps will really be deleted so you have to manually download them again from the appstore . your problem shows that there is a program with recognizing the sd card . there is also another option which is check if the sd card you used was really okay and not broken or damaged . try to insert it to other device and see if it will be recognized or if you could save anything to it . if yes , then the problem is with your tablet that needs reformatting . if not , then try to replace your sd card and try again . good luck !
if you go to settings > security > device administrators do you see the app listed there ? if so uncheck the checkbox and you should be able to un-install the app ( using the play store app or from the application manager )
two devices with similar names , like the sony xperia z and the sony xperia z1 , do not necessarily have the same kind of hardware . sometimes there are even devices sold under one model name , such as the samsung galaxy sii , where the variants available in different countries have completely different systems-on-ship ( socs ) and other different hardware . devices with different hardware need different drivers and c . and a lot of system integration work that can not be shared between the two . testing an unstable release to find the problems with it is very time-intensive , and of course can only be done on the exact hardware being targeted . since cyanogenmod is made by enthusiast developers , rather than by people who are paid to do it , support depends on having an interested community of people with the system integration knowledge needed , and enough such people having that particular phone to run and test the rom images . it may be that there is not much more work required to support your device , but the people who might be able to do that do not happen to have one . or it may be that none of the porters who have your device have enough free time right now to dedicate to testing and fixing roms . lots of volunteer projects like this are stopped when members have children or start new jobs . even if you do not have the necessary knowledge , there are other ways you can help get your device supported . you might be able to help by contributing some money to support the developers , devices so that more enthusiasts can spend time working on it , or by testing and reporting bugs to make the process faster . if you ask the cyanogenmod community how you can get involved and what would help , i am sure they had respond positively to that .
stock ics and jelly bean already support this option . go to settings > security and uncheck the power button instantly locks option . now , your phone will lock only after the desired period of inactivity . note , you may have to set the automatically lock option to something other than " instantly " in order to get the delayed lock .
ok , i changed to another network and it started to working . it may be some permission which denied my app from working . thank you very much , onik , for assistance .
i recommend http://www.teamviewer.com . for personal use it is free .
just go to settings - apps - maps and uninstall updates . it may be that the new updates are the reason it crashes . it would be good if you can switch off location setting in google now because every time you use google now it starts locating via network or gps and starts up the map application in the background .
it means that the process has been running longer than 99 hours , 99 minutes , and 99 seconds . it is a formatting bug . the second hour digit , after reaching '9' , will simply continue with the next characted from the ascii alphabet : 0123456789:;&lt;=&gt;?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_`abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz{|}~  where in this case ':' means 10 , ' ; ' means 11 , '&lt ; ' means 12 , etc . for example , '&lt ; 5:12:34' means 125:12:34 and ' ? 5:12:34' means 155:12:34 . it is fixed in android 4.3 the related bug report is here : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=41401
i do not have a samsung galaxy s4 but based on the information provided it seems like this is the time frame since the services has been active ( i.e. . service " com . sec . phone " started about 1:46:26 ago ) . i can see that this is the case because a few other services have the same start time , at which point you either turn your phone on ( and android initiated those services automatically ) .
seems your application points to the app location which was altered or moved with the update . to solve this , simply delete the existing shortcut icon ( by dragging it on to the bin icon which appears after a long press on the shortcut ) then create a new shortcut icon for the application through the customizing menu . ( which appear after a tap or with the press of menu button whipe you are in your home screen ) you may want to reboot the device beforehand .
this happened on my nexus - you just have to reboot your device , and the icon will show up . most likely niantic changed the launcher activity , so the short cut is no longer pointing to the correct activity , hence the error message . rebooting the device/restarting the launcher , and then re-adding the home screen shortcut will fix this .
it will not be on the windows filesystem . the emulator makes a .img file that it then mounts as the virtual sd card . so , to answer your question , the file is stored in the sdcard .img file in the avd folder . ( you may be able to extract it using winrar or another unzip utility . check the C:\Users\&lt;your username&gt;\.android\avd\&lt;avd name&gt;\sdcard.img ) edit : this program claims to mount .img files . i am using ubuntu though , so cannot test sorry .
buzz launcher , as well as other launchers , i imagine , allows you to program gestures to preform certain actions . the issue though is that that gesture will only perform that action from the home screen if you use buzz launcher gestures . . . the good thing though is you do not have to root to do it . in addition , of course , if you root the phone you can assign gestures more freely and make them universal so that the gesture performs the action from any app , not just the home screen .
if you are using a custom rom , such as cyanogenmod , you can ' wire ' hardware keys to certain function . one thing you can do , is set it up so that a long press on the menu button will show the soft keyboard . if not , then there is no way to do this , although in theory an app could be produced that would place a notification in the taskbar when enabled and bring up the soft keyboard when clicked ! i am now off to make this app .
i based my opinion on the phones i have used so far , but it seems , new devices do not care about usb mode , they just work . i used mtp and my android ide recognized the device . it made my day .
your phone can have a lot of different ip 's on different interfaces but that one is not yours . it is internet gateway of your mobile operator . if i am wrong consider the point of describing to customers why they should pay for some pings or face the hell of icmp incapsulation of freebies masters .
either your phone silently drops pings , or the router it is behind , either your wifi router , or the 3g network 's router that nats your phone drops them .
i use rom toolbox for this . swipe left twice to get to the Interface section and chose Font Installer . if you are rooted , you will see the new font after a reboot/hot restart .
in gb 2.3 , the fonts folder is located in /system/fonts , how it works is this , for a font face , it copies the fonts to the original droid fonts names at the same time retaining the pre-defined font names in place . in my rom , i have this , from adb shell , notice how the names are retained but are in fact roboto fonts ! : ) sounds like the fonts are installed into a different name in which the rom is not picking it up . for example , suppose the font 's name is ' myfont . ttf ' and that gets copied over , but is not copied into ' droidsans . ttf ' . . . just a guess . btw , what android is that rom you are referring to ? edit : it has been ascertained that this is honeycomb ( android 3.2.1 ) . do the following : plug in cable to toshiba thrive from command line , issue this , adb shell ls /system/fonts select all the text of that output , copy to clipboard , and go to http://www.pastebin.com and create a new paste , paste in the contents and it will create a linky for everyone to see , put that linky into the comments below and will look at it : )
i found out that there was a bug in the samsung os that corrupted the desktop backup password . one day , my phone bootlooped and , after a reset , i could backup fine with no backup password set .
this icon simply means that there are more notifications to show , but there is not enough space left in the top status bar to show all notification icons ( that is why it does not have a matching notification ) .
several apps are available on playstore for ram cleanup . the cleaner is one of them .
yup even i have a xperia neo had i have also faced the same issue . i tried reporting it on the sony mobile forum but it seems it is a unresolved bug . seems the issue is with the current supply , which makes the screen too sensitive resulting in multi-touch . try disconnecting and try typing after sometime , seems to help in my case .
the bluetoothtest app is part of the stock image on most samsung devices . it is a system app , and as the name suggests , it is for testing the bluetooth hardware . if you root the device , it is safe to remove/"freeze " this app . it should not normally run or cause any problems at all , though some users have reported that in some cases it shows up in the battery usage list for their device . ( googling {samsung bluetoothtest} gives you some forum posts , but no solid information . ) as for the permission to " modify the battery statistics " , this label is wrong ( see this old android bug report ) , and is phrased differently in newer android versions . the permission only allows the app to read the battery statistics . an app might use this to help you identify which apps use the most power , or to find and disable power-hungry apps on low battery . there is no real need for bluetoothtest to use this permission , but as the app info screen explains , many system apps are bound together in a single process , because this is more ( power and memory ) efficient . as a result , all of the apps bound together in this way share the same permissions , which means the single process has more permissions than any one of the apps needs . this only applies to system ( i.e. . built-in ) apps : apps you download and install are kept separate for security .
this might sound crazy , and i do not recommend anyone try it , but . . . i had tried cleaning the female charging port on the tablet with alcohol and q-tips and had no luck . i decided to use the tip of a mechanical pencil ( metal tip ) to scrape the contacts to see if they had build up . i put the metal tip in to scuff them up and ( since the tablet was on ) , a huge spark shot out of the tablet and it immediately shut off . i assumed i fried it , but it turned back on . . . . . . and worked perfectly from that point on . it was then recognized by my computer . obviously , this is somewhat crazy and i do not recommend people try this . i had tried every method of connection from the far ends of the internet with no luck . somehow it worked normally after this point . could the spark/firework show have cleaned the contacts ? i know that some pins are for charging ( which it would do fine ) and other pins are for data . my tablet is now working .
i do not think there is one i have not seen one however you might try a third party tablet maker some times they have some
if you always wipe the device between roms ( clear system , boot , cache , etc [ not data ] ) , then there should never be any degradation of performance . while flash memory does have a theoretical write limit , you will not make any sort of noticeable dent in the life of the device by constantly switching roms to try out new ones . however , if you do not do a full wipe , you could see performance issues creep up . more likely , you will run into bugs and random crashes as files left over from a previous rom conflict with the new rom . this is why you should always do a full wipe if you are installing a brand new rom . as for how to flash a rom for your particular device , xda-developer forums for the galaxy s are a good place to look . they list instructions on how to root the phone , install roms , and other helpful guides .
found the answer . the image file goes on the sd card , and then execute the following commands in terminal emulator : su flash_image recovery /sdcard/&lt;filename&gt; 
the above mentioned gosms method will work . export them to xml . get a useful xml reader . i have done it with notepad but its a lot harder to read . you need to find all of the old number , and replace all with the new number . save . then delete all conversations on your phone . this will help you get a clean slate for messages to be added . then import to your device . i have done this with " sms backup and restore " app and it works . it is also worth noting that you can export and combine the conversations too . between old and new number . but you will have to change more in the xml such as the total number of sms messages usually in the beginning of the xml .
i have not tried this , but it might work : the go sms pro app has an export and import feature . you could export the conversation to an xml file , do a search and replace of the number , and import it back . i have no idea if it will override the conversation of the new number , so better do a back-up first . or you might as well export both conversations ( old and new numbers ) and merge them . just take note though that the xml file has an sms count ; you might want to update this value . as for the call log , i have no idea . i think call logs are not very useful anyway .
go to google play --> menu --> my apps --> update all the " update all " should be near the top right corner . the default for most apps is " allow automatic updating " . this can be changed for each app from this same screen by clicking on the app and checking the box " allow automatic updating " . btw sometimes an app requires a manual update . the update all function will leave those out you have to click on each app and hit the update button . i do know google play will not let you update an app if it thinks the update is not compatible with your version of software or hardware .
please be specific if you were asked for any security pin when you entered the wrong password 10 times ? and did you log in into any samsung account ? if yes , then try to recover your password by logging in to your samsung account . if you were not asked for any of the above options then factory reset is the only solution !
try the factory reset or the firmware update using samsung kies . note :-doing a factory reset may unlock your phone for sure but u will lose all the data ( applications installed , contacts on the phone memory etc )
had same problems b4 i tried calibrating the magnetic compass by the x , y , z axis here 8s the simple steps keep in mind all the rotations are clockwise directions first put your phone in a flat surface for me i placed it in a table and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise then pick up your phone and face it on your left with the but part nearest to you and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise and finally face your phone towards you like ussing it normaly and rotate it 3 full rotations clockwise and thats it , for me it solved my prorblem reg the pointer in my map do this while your map is active , hope this will help someone .
get titanium backup pro before you experiment with kernels and roms . it is a paid app , but the best one for backup/restore of all your apps and settings . you can wait for ics as patchie says , or you can head to xda developers to look for custom roms and kernels .
you might want to wait for the next big android update for sgs2 . its called android 4 or " ice cream sandwich " . for the 15 biggest changes in ics , you can take a look at this website . if you want to backup everything before a upgrade or reinstall , use " mybackup pro " . you can get it here .
the version number come alphabetically , so a xxkh# is newer than xxkg# . if you installed your apps from the market , they will be memorized and even installed back after update . if your update comes through kies , just go ahead . . . but if its more complicated and you are not sure what it brings then why bother ?
you can adjust that in in-game options and if that does not work in settings in developer options there is something to adjust resolution ( at least on the galaxy anyway )
as it is a software issue , and you have not used a custom rom , the best thing to do would be to send it to the sony repair centre .
gleeo does this . the one downside in my experience is that you can not track multiple tasks at once ; switching to a new task automatically stops what you were previously recording . ( but you can manually add/edit entries as well . )
bryan above is correct . there is no way to add a delay , at least not without a custom rom . to introduce a pause between the rings find an mp3 you like and use something like audacity to append a few seconds of silence after it . then use that file as your ring tone .
i use llama to do similar things on a schedule , e.g. put my phone on silent while i am at work during working hours , turn off wi-fi when i leave home , and so on . you can set events to occur based on where you are among other conditions such as time/date , screen on/off , battery level , etc . llama learns locations based on the cell towers that are in range rather than your wi-fi or gps location , so it does not eat into your battery at all . llama does not require root . i find it very easy to use and now that i have it configured the way i want , i do not ever look at it unless i want to change something .
i use tasker to do exactly that , and much ( much ) more . whether or not it can switch between 2g and 3g seems to depend on the handset , which you do not mention . here is an example from the tasker wiki , showing how to set the phone into airplane mode at night . note that the gps only uses power if something uses it , so turning it off is highly unlikely to make any meaningful difference to your battery life .
i use timeriffic ( free ) which will turn on/off wifi , gps , change ringer , brightness etc . based on timed schedules . unfortunately " use only 2g data networks " is not in the options .
if you do not mind paying for an app , then this is very similar to the sort of thing that locale for android does , you can set it to switch stuff on or off , or run apps on your phone when certain conditions like fine/coarse location , etc are met . there are also quite a few locale plugins ( many of them free ) available on the market that give it loads of extra functionality .
also , if you use juicedefender https://market.android.com/details?id=com.latedroid.juicedefenderhl=en that has an option for night mode with everything you were talking about and more , juicedefender is pretty awesome anyway . lastly , if you have rooted your phone , cyanogenmod http://www.cyanogenmod.com/ also has a night mode .
silence can toggle your ringer , wi-fi , bluetooth , and airplane mode settings automatically over scheduled intervals . features : simple , intuitive holo-themed interface schedule events that occur once , or repeat on certain days of the week change your ringer to silent , vibrate , or normal mode turn wi-fi , bluetooth , and airplane mode on and off change your settings back automatically when the scheduled event ends there is also a paid version without ads .
maybe sweetdreams can do the work for you . according to a ruleset it will turn off bluetooth , wifi and select the ringtone configuration of your choice during a determinate time range .
you can certainly do it based on your location : http://www.twofortyfouram.com/product.html i have enquired of their support whether you can use time as one of the switching criteria , i would be surprised if you could not . even if it is not available out of the box , there is a plugin system and scripting that i am sure would do it . i do not own the app so i cannot comment on it is efficacy , but i have seen good references . edit response from developer can locale be made to switch situations based on time alone , such as going silent at night regardless of location ? john - hi john , yes !
i do not know much about eclipse . but for your goal , it all depends on how the external stylesheets are defined . if they are using full-qualified urls ( e . g . http://www.example.com/example.css ) , there is no way you get them working offline . if they are using a relative path ( easiest : just their file name , residing in the same directory as the html file ) , you can simply copy them next/relative to your html files , and it should work . examples , assuming the html file is put to /sdcard/html/myfile.html: &lt;link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css"&gt;: simply copy style.css to /sdcard/html href="../style.css"&gt;: copy to /sdcard href="foo/bar/style.css": create /sdcard/html/foo/bar and place style.css there href="/style.css": sorry , nogo without root , as you cannot write to /
you need to open the html file on your browser , so that you can see the actual styling . you can also open a browser via eclipse . ps this really sounds like a dev-related issue . probably off-topic .
long tap in your main launcher window --> ( personalize menu pops ) --> click on " display " --> lockscreen --> settings . you can only switch between application , but you cannot have more than 4 .
as for being hacked , it is possible , but there could be a simple explanation . when using mobile data , the actual interconnection point with the internet or the servers handling the ip address assignment may be in a different physical location than you , resulting in your connections showing from a completely different town . heck , with verizon , i would frequently get a different state . as for the login issue , have you tried logging in on a pc to verify and/or reset your password ? you need to isolate if it is the phone or the account first . if it is definitely the phone , you can try clearing app data for all the google apps ( it will wipe settings for those apps so you will need to reconfigure them later--data will be re-downloaded from google . also , though i have not seen any reports today , yesterday there were issues accessing some google services including logging in . just in case that is the issue .
within the calendar app 's menu , see if the newly added calendar shows up in my calendars . select and sync your account . if it does not or you have problems , clear the data cache from within android 's main settings > applications section and resync .
it is samsung software , built into the system in certain samsung phones . like the dropbox app , it is a service to automatically upload photos you take on your phone ; it connects to your " samsung account " if you create one . it also integrates with dropbox to sync photos to the device gallery ; if you have " camera upload " turned on in dropbox as well , this probably results in your phone having two copies of each photo : the usual one , and one in cloudagent 's storage . you can change its settings by going into the main settings app and choosing cloud from the applications manager list ( in the device section ) . you can clear its data and disable it , or " freeze " the app if your device is rooted , and the only consequence is that photos from dropbox will not show up in gallery . if you have the dropbox app installed as well , dropbox can still sync ( and automatically upload photos ) without cloudagent running .
you could create a nandroid backup . clockworkmod does it well . that creates an yaffs2 img of the data and datadata partitions . i think this might not be a great solution though , if you want to flash to another device . this will contain all the info in data ( or data/data ) and may cause issues if the version of android is not the same , or even if the device is different .
no . you can only do what you describe on samsung devices with their " knox " feature . this uses special security hardware to provide separate , isolated environments on your phone , so there is no way that information can leak from the " business " environment to the " personal " environment . it is present on their high-end phones since the galaxy s3 , and you can learn more on the official knox website . a similar feature , but for all android devices , is said to be coming in android l , but it is not ready yet . normal user profiles on android do not provide enough isolation for corporate security purposes . it is still possible for the profiles to share information , and for rogue apps with the right permissions to access data from all user profiles . if your device is stolen , it is still necessary to wipe the whole device to prevent an attacker getting access to the private data .
use android-vnc-viewer to mirror the desktop pc screen , and control the desktop i had another question on android[dot]stackexchange.com: ( in using a vnc to control a computer , is it possible to have the cursor go to where you touch ? - android [ dot ] stackexchange [ dot ] com/questions/34668/in-using-a-vnc-to-control-a-computer-is-it-possible-to-have-the-cursor-go-to-wh ) in the question , i included a video : remote control of ubuntu with android-vnc-viewer - www.youtube.com/watch?v=stkx6qmbgck#t=0m30s android-vnc-viewer “see and control your computer 's desktop from your phone , from anywhere . androidvnc is the open source ( gpl ) remote desktop program for android devices . connects to most vnc servers : incl tightvnc , realvnc on win and linux , x11vnc , and apple remote desktop on os/x . ” . in the video , i do not know the input mode that is being demonstrated at 0:30 , but it looks like the mouse cursor goes to where he touches . http://code.google.com/p/android-vnc-viewer/ i am guessing that the input mode in the video was either : touch mouse pan and zoom this is the default input mode and is designed to work like the android browser . you can both pan the display and control the mouse using the touchscreen and gestures . you pan by dragging or flicking on the touchscreen ; you click the mouse by tapping on it . you right-click by double-tapping ( or by holding down the camera button while tapping ) . you drag the mouse by doing a long press on the display , and then dragging . in this mode the trackball or dpad ( if your phone has one ) can also be used to control the mouse ; this may give you finer control . you can zoom the screen size with the +/- buttons , or , if your device supports multi-touch and has android 2.0+ , you can pinch to zoom out and spread to zoom in . or : mouse control mode in this mode , use the touchscreen to control the mouse . touching the screen generates a mouse click at that point ; dragging on the screen creates a mouse drag . keyboard events are sent as normal . the trackball is used to send arrow-key events to the vnc server . pressing the trackball toggles between mouse pointer control and desktop panning modes . port forwarding if the pc you are connecting to accesses the internet through a router , this will be the wan address assigned to the router by your isp ; you will also need to forward the vnc port ( 5900 ) from the router to your pc ( exactly how you do this depends on the details of your router , so i can not give more explicit instructions here ) . hacker 's keyboard - use a full soft keyboard on android from what i have read , the stock android keyboard does not have buttons such as ctrl , alt , esc , arrow keys , home , end , and delete . you can use the free , open source , app call hacker 's keyboard to gain access to the buttons of a full keyboard : “are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . ” http://code[dot]google[dot]com/p/hackerskeyboard/ a patch that allows android-vnc-viewer to recognize all the keys of hacker 's keyboard in “frequently asked questions” of hacker 's keyboard , there is a section called “android vnc viewer does not recognize the extra keys” . it directs you to an issue called “issue 238: support additional keys , fix modifier handling” ( code [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/p/android-vnc-viewer/issues/detail ? id=238 ) . the patch there will make it so that android vnc viewer recognizes buttons of a full keyboard . update : bvnc bvnc is a secure , open source vnc client . tested with hackerskeyboard . using it is recommended ( get hackers keyboard from google play ) . play [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/store/apps/details ? id=com . iiordanov . freebvnc and hl=en github [ dot ] com/iiordanov/bvnc update 2: jump desktop vnc i currently and personally use jump desktop vnc because the “bring-out-the-keyboard” is close , and easily reachable . with bvnc , i have to tap near the middle of the screen , and then i press a keyboard button on the right to bring out the keyboard . jump desktop vnc also lets you use a google account , so you don’t have to deal with addresses .
there are some options . they all most likely start with making some room first by moving the pictures/videos already present on internal storage/internal sd to the external sd . then : use a 3 rd party camera app supporting to save on external sd . most of them do . my personal recommendation ( very subjective of course ) would be procapture free ( and if you like it , go pro ) . try some " advanced app2sd " app from the playstore , which might be able to move ( more ) apps to the external card . this might require rooting . for some devices , there are hacks to " switch " storage locations , i.e. making the device think the external sd card is the internal , and vice versa . they for sure require root . i would go with the first option . it is the most easy to realize , does not require root , and for sure does not have that much potential to " mess things up " . you even can make the " new camera app " the default one , or switch back to the stock one anytime .
of course you can upgrade htc magic to android 2.3 , you just need to do some research and do some simple technical stuff . more info in this question : install ginger yoshi 1.4 on htc magic 32a , which radio do i need ? ginger yoshi xda thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=932118
not sure which network you are on or which of the two magic versions you have got , but there is an official 2.2 release that many networks have pushed ota to their phones already , i know that a friend of mine who is still on a magic got 2.2 pushed to him by vodafone uk in december . if you have got one of the ones that htc update , rather than your network updating ota , then you may be able to download the update if you go to http://www.htc.com/ and pick your country , then the support section , then go through the downloads available for your phone .
first generation devices are not seeing much support any more . the best thing you can do is root your phone and install cyanogenmod on it . however , cyanogenmod support for the magic stopped at cm6 , which is android 2.2 . you will not be able to get cm7/android 2.3 on the device this way . there may be some way to get 2.3 on your phone , but you would have to see if there is anything about it on xda forums . start here for cyanogenmod , the wiki will tell you how to root and install cm on your phone . you will void your warranty by rooting your phone . make sure you fully understand what you are doing . dragons be here .
sankar , there is some speculative chatter on the internet to suggest you will have a hard time running 2.3-gingerbread on first generation android devices ( such as the htc dream and the htc magic ) . it looks like some folks on xda are working to port the os but you are definitely looking at cyanogenmod in that case . which means that . . . yes : you will have to root your phone to upgrade your os . it also means that you might consider doing something a little less drastic , like upgrading to a somewhat more stable rom . ( especially if the idea of rooting your phone is giving you the willies ! ) @matthew_read tipped me off to the rom bible which is a great place to identify roms that other htc magic users have successfully installed . the roms there will still require you to root your phone , tho . check out the htc site to see if they have any supported updates though -- it looks like htc india does offer at least one rom upgrade for the magic .
android does not support dolby ( digital ) / dts dont compare beats with dolby / dts beats is just an equalizer software layer in between your mixer in android it doesnt encode audio streams from applications , applications have to have build in support for that for music dolby playback its useless , for video playback it is impossible since android needs to have encoder support in the kernel itself then the application for playback needs to support it dolby digital is not giving licence to android platform , they are very picky ipad and macs have encoder support and licence for it for example cinexplayer for ios has exellent support for dolby/dts cinexplayer has also an android app , but no dolby/dts support duo android limitations i am android developer and tried all sorts of things by using code hacks in custom roms to get some kind of dolby playback if the music/video app doesnt support build in dolby/dts then obviously you cannot encode the audio stream for dolby/dts so it doesnt matter even if you have support in the kernel and beats audio and all that crap
though i found no concrete specs saying all ( or which ) android devices might ( or might not ) support it , there are strong indications that it is possible ( and at least partly supported ) : jabra advertizes its app for dolby sound . no explicit mention of " dolby digital , though . xda has a thread titled beats audio with dolby digital advanced audio ; as you can see , this explicitly mentions " dolby digital " . as this discusses an android app , this pre-supposes the technical possibility . androidayuda . com has a spanish article on this topic , which also implicates the availability there are about 5 million hits for a google search on ' android " dolby digital"' , which you might want to check some more from . the few i have picked did not state any restrictions as to the device ( though there are probably some , for what use does the support make if you have no appropriate output , such as hdmi ) . but it is clear that the android os is no hindrance to it . tl ; dr : android itself can obviously deal with it , if the device supports it .
it primarily means that the boot loader is unlocked so it is much easier to upload rom 's for testing . additionally the default installation will be the original aosp version of the code and include root access to the phone 's software . it does not mean that the hardware is a " test " model . it is a fully developed phone . what it does not have is more important than what it does have . what it does not have is the additional locks and proprietary junk that a carrier modified phone normally has .
it does mean that you will have a stock aosp android on it , and you will not have to do any tricks to get root access on your phone .
have froyo here running on samsung europa , latest version on this is , 4.1.6 . perhaps you need to let the old market run for a bit , then back out of it , it should auto-upgrade itself , provided you have a valid account and signed in .
i actually had this very same issue . i contacted nextbook and it was very hard to get in touch with them by phone or email . finally i got an email back with some ideas , including doing a reset for the whole tablet . however , i believe what actually fixed it is that i bought a cheap hdmi to mini-hdmi cable on amazon to plug into my tv ( which works quite nicely ) and once i plugged it in and out , that seemed to fix the problem of sound not working/screen rotating . i have not seen the problem happen again , so i think there was just some slight connection problem that is now okay . i hope it works for you .
it is not a built-in feature on nexus devices , but samsung devices have this in the accessibility settings . inverting all colours is not much use , as some apps have light text on a dark background , and some apps have dark text on a light background . making text easier to read is better achieved by increasing the text size , which is an option on all android devices ( also in the accessibility settings ) .
it means that the recovery does not mount the internal memory by default , and you need to do so manually . on your pc download and install android sdk tools which gets you the adb utility . reboot your phone in recovery mode and connect it to your pc via usb cable . install the drivers if prompted ( use drivers that ship with sdk tools under the \sdk\extras\google\usb_driver\ subfolder . ) now run command prompt , navigate to where you installed the tools ( e . g . cd C:\Android SDK\sdk\platform-tools\ ) and issue the following command : adb shell mount /data you now should be able to use the " adb push " command in windows command prompt to copy files from your pc to the phone using the following syntax : adb push [path-to-file-on-your-pc] /data/ after the copy completes , you should be able to find the copied file in the recovery 's file browser .
i remember this being asked before this should do
you might be having merged contact which you are trying to delete . to delete the whatsapp from the contact , you would have to delete the contact from phone list and then delete the contact from whatsapp . obvisouly , you and again save the numbers in the contact list .
delete the contacts directly from the sim card ! use the sim card manager !
you can pay for whatsapp with paypal on their own site , so it must have been from there . you can download the app here . . . http://www.whatsapp.com/android/ and , as it says on that page . . . if you already paid for the service you will not be asked to pay for it again .
if you bought it with paypal , it must not have been through the market . suggest you contact the developer for advice .
turned out that apparently on g+ the albums take the date of the most recent picture of that album , while on picasa web album there is a date for the album , i do not know why but sometimes the date for the album on picasa is the same as the one on g+ , others times is simply the date when you created the album . anyway it is possible to change that date from the web interface of picasa by selecting an album and editing his property , it is a bit annoying if you have a lot of them but finally now i have all my picasa album properly ordered in my gallery on android . : )
make sure that the phone that you get has a micro-hdmi port , in addition to the traditional usb port . this will allow you to transfer video more easily . as you noticed , there are two types of converters- the tiny ones , and the large bulky ones with a power supply . the difference is , as stated on the link you sent , that : unlike passive adapters ligawo converter has a power supply , thereby allowing a built-in signal amplification and processing of the image . provides the signal source sufficient current through hdmi this converter can also be used without power supply . so yes , the larger ones with power supplies would probably be better in terms of signal quality , and could still be used without being plugged in . however , due to their bulk , the better signal processing ( i am not an expert on signal processing , so i do not know how large of a difference it would make- i have used the small kind , although with a laptop , and it worked perfectly fine ) might not be worth it- it is up to you to decide which type is right for you . as of how the resolution is scaled , it should work automatically for all , if not most , converters . just double check if it says something like " input resolution hdmi up to 1080p possible 480p - output resolution vga " ( from the link you sent ) . it should not be a problem to downscale to a specific amount that you want- in the settings -> hdmi -> hdmi format , you should be able to change the output resolution . for more info , look here- it is two years old , but the features should still be the same with new phones running jb/kitkat . as of the software to run , there are many free and premium solutions available in the google play store that will work well . if you prefer presenting with pdfs , pdf reader or office suite 7 should work . however , pdfs are a somewhat unconventional presentation format ( although they can work ) , so you should consider using actual presentation software for a better experience . google drive for mobile would work well , since you could edit your presentation on a computer ( or your phone ) and then present it on your phone , plus it is free . you could also use presentation pal , or office 2012: presentations , or some other presentation software- there are lots out there , and there is bound to be one that works good for you . all presentation software in the play store should work well for your purpose . i hope this helps !
you can use a samsung galaxy beam as a projector if you have got such device . there must be second hand editions of it somewhere on the internet if you do not want to pay a lot for a brand new one .
i collected some information relevant to this question in an answer to how to connect your nexus phone to a vga projector ? – which is the question i actually wanted to ask here , but was told it is too much subject to change to induce answers of interest to future generations . ; - ) in short : it appears there is no real difference between hdmi-to-vga converters and hdmi-to-vga adapters , because also those devices that claim not to need a power supply actually need extra power under many circumstances . there are no " hdmi settings " on stock android , though manufacturer-specific android versions as well as " custom roms " of course may include them . additionally , there are android apps that appear to be able to change the output resolution . it appears that the biggest obstacle to getting a vga signal from an android device via an hdmi-to-vga converter is the circumstance that hdcp seems to be enabled by default for all content , and there is no ( simple ) way to disable it , at least on stock android . standard converters simply do not output a vga signal if the input is copy protected .
currently this functionality does not seem to be possible using voice search . there is a free app in the market called navigationpro which is a little funky to figure out at first . it allows you to save locations and name them in the app . you can then enable the feature in the preferences for the app so that whenever you run the app it automatically prompts you for a name you can speak . once it recognizes the name it automatically goes to google maps and starts navigation for the address .
try starring a place in google maps . sometimes when you say the name of a starred place it will work . however , it can be a bit patchy at times .
apparently the problem is with apps installing to the sd card . running the following command in the terminal fixed the problem for me : su rm /mnt/secure/asec/smdl2tmp1.asec 
removing smdl2tmp1.asec is the solution , but because " su " will lead to " permission denied " if you do not have a rooted phone , and because the /mnt/secure/ appears to be empty , removing the file can be hard . alternatively you can do the following : connect the phone to a computer with usb mount the sd card as a disk drive remove .android_secure/smdl2tmp1.asec
the governor is dependent on the oem 's choice . for example , some choose mpdecision , others use ondemand or interactive . still others use conservative . that being said , many of them are implemented differently ( ie conservative mode on a samsung may differ wildly from conservative on an htc ) . cyanogenmod though is just based on aosp code so ondemand/interactive governor performance under cyanogenmod should be comparable to the stock governors for that device ( oem 's implementation ) . this is assuming that the cyanogenmod branch for said device has proper hardware acceleration and what not . as cyanogenmod is built from aosp code , this is not a given . tldr : i have had a lot of phones with cyanogenmod . it feels snappier and is lightweight but for the heavy duty apps or games , i notice very little ( if any ) difference in performance .
it might be worthwhile to invest in a charge only cable . i use one for my tablet at home and in my car . the quality of the usb cable will also make a difference . cables do go bad . it sounds like you have ruled out all the other options so this might be worth trying .
i just checked charging details of my phone through this app : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.playfulgeeks.chargingreport
take a tooth brush and clean off the battery connector points in the battery casing of your phone .
charging is a simple process and can be represented by the below ( simplified ) equation : rate of charge = rate of electricity flow - rate of depletion to maximize the rate at which your phone charges at , you want to reduce the rate it is using up your battery as far as possible , and increase the speed at which current is flowing into your phone as much as possible . reducing battery usage this is pretty standard stuff , turn off all unnecessary toggles and apps . disable wifi , bluetooth , gps , and any constantly running apps . if you happen to be charging your phone in an area with poor or no cellular signal , the constant searching for mobile networks could be a significant contributing factor . go to settings-> battery usage ( or something similar , i do not own a samsung device so i can not be sure ) , and look at what is using up your battery . if possible , consider turning on airplane mode , or even turning your phone off completely to minimise battery usage . increasing speed of current flow look at the thing you are plugging your usb cable into . if you are charging it via your computer , chances are the current flow is around 1a or lower . that is okay , but not great . look around your house , or see if you can get your hands on a tablet charger . those often provide current at 1.5a or even 2a at times . that is twice the speed of a 1a charger . also , look at where you are plugging your charger into . if the socket is already heavily overloaded , consider plugging it in somewhere else , for safety 's sake at least still very slow . . . if at this stage , it is still charging very slowly , your battery may be the issue . since it seems to work fine in your friend 's phone , it may simply be your phone providing inaccurate information . try calibrating your phone 's battery and see if that helps .
using a 5v-2a charger will reduce the charging time . it works for me .
for applications installed from market , you can go to Market &gt; Downloads for application name and developer info ; however built-in applications ( e . g . phone , calendar , other applications installed by default ) often are not shown in market list ( neither will they show in manage application either ) .
i am stuck with 2.1 ( htc desire ) for the time-being , so the app2sd provided by froyo is not available to me . i use appbrain which allows you to keep a synchroised list of the apps installed on your phone in your own ( free ) online account - and then the appbrain app on the phone will then automatically allow you to reinstall the apps you had before . i have used it numerous times when re-flashing my rom . downside - it is a fresh install ; so you lose any data within the apps . upside - free , easy and takes the ball-ache out of reinstalling ; it also allows you to install apps on the phone directly from the appbrain site .
hopefully the next time you get a phone it is froyo or better . i installed froyo on my nexus one and it knew what apps i had installed on the previous system and started to downloand and install a fresh copy for the new os . only downside was that any data with those apps was lost ( like the data from my tracks ) but the next time i upgrade i would imagine even that data will be transfered to the next phone !
google has now launched ( a while back , i believe ) a website for the android market you will find on your phone at market . android . com - just log in with your google account that you have your phone registered to . from there , you can install apps , browse ones that are compatible with your device , and also view all of your purchase history and library of apps , books , and movies found on your device . i am not sure if it will let you transfer apps back and forth between phones , as i only have one device , but i am pretty sure that there is likely a way to re-download purchased apps from there after you de-activate your first phone . hope this helps !
this is a feature that requires froyo , so unless you have a nexus one you will need to either root your phone ( which you have already said you do not want to do ) and install a froyo rom or wait for your manufacturer/carrier to issue you froyo in an update . either way , moving apps to your sd card is pretty straightforward . go into settings , then manage applications . there you should have the option to move your apps to your sd card .
android , starting from 4.0 , does officially support a form of p2p wifi networking called wifi direct . a wifi direct-capable device can create an access point which any other wifi-capable device can access . i do not know about nexus 7 specifically , but galaxy nexus does support wifi direct so i would presume that so is nexus 7 .
cyanogenmod has its own ota updater . you will not get the official android updates , but the cm updates .
that is a standard android warning . you get that warning when you try to install any keyboard . nope , it will not collect any such data .
try " colornote " https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.socialnmobile.dictapps.notepad.color.notehl=en it stores the data on the ext sd card or usb storage , whatever applicable . so even when you wipe or reset your phone , your notes are still on the sd card .
read [ this ] : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1259739 after you flash the latest rom you could flash the usb host mode which is [ here ] : http://goo.im/devs/psyke83/roms/u8160/hotfixes called usbhost1-cm-7-20120729-madteam-u8160 . zip enjoy .
if your phone is rooted you can use link2sd : play store link home page but you will have to partition your sd card first using mini tool partition wizard and here 's the tutorial on how to partition your sd card this can move immovable and -of course- movable apps more efficiently than app2sd and saves more space because normal moving moves a small part of the app to sd card , while link2sd moves a big part of the app ( but not all of it ( user experience ) ) if your phone is not rooted : 1 . market apps : you can not know because market downloads apps and installs them instantly . 2 . apps which you have their apk you may find out by looking in the manifest . xml file inside the apk in android:installlocation="auto " as @rafael said .
if you have install . apk file you can open it ( eg . by apktool ) and in androidmanifet . xml file should be sth like android:installlocation="auto " if you cannot find that , app can be only install on device
you can do this by holding the power button + the home button simultaneously .
download a file mananger -- astro is quite popular -- and delete the contents of /mnt/sdcard/Downloads . the path may be different if your phone has large internal storage .
as of version 4.3.10 , the google play store now has a " recently updated " section under " my apps " , which is ultimately what i wanted .
you could try elixir 2 . if you go to applications , you could sort it by update time . elixier screenshot ( click image for larger variant )
also es file explorer has this feature . open the fast access menu from the top left corner , and select Tools -&gt; App manager . this will open a list of your installed apps . after this , you can sort the list from the bottom of the screen , and select the desired sort .
list my apps does this . though you might need some script-fu to sort the output by date .
you can try apk edit . launch apk edit . exe and load the apk file you need to change icon the exe will display the app icon and name under general tab you can change the icon and load the apk back to the phone note : this process will cause problem on update of the app . when google play notifies the update , you can uninstall the app , install the app again and change the icon .
most third-party launchers ( home screen apps ) let you replace an app 's icon with one of your choose , and they feature downloadable icon packs : often with co-ordinated icons for common apps , so you can have all your app icons matching , or just change one you do not like . the exact method depends on which launcher you choose , so check out that launcher 's help , or post a new question with the launcher you are using . if you are mainly interested in changing the icon of a shortcut ( not the icon in the app drawer ) , then you do not need to go to the hassle of installing and setting up a new launcher . some apps let you create a home screen shortcut using any picture or icon of your choice , and choose what app to launch from this icon . for example , my app showr ( free download from google play ) is a home screen widget with this feature . you can use a fixed icon that you pick from your phone or download , or you can even have the picture update from the web at set intervals ( e . g . create a shortcut to the facebook app with the latest photo from your timeline ) . if you choose to do it this way , the steps are as follows . install showr from google play add the widget to your home screen : from the app drawer , go to the list of widgets , find showr ( there might be several pages ) , and drag it to the right place on your screen . choose the image , icon , or photo you want from the gallery or another app , or if you want to download an image or rss feed , choose web address and paste the address . now the widget 's created , click on it and choose settings from the menu . in the widget settings , change when you click the widget to launch an app , and then click app to launch to choose which app . do not forget to rate/review showr , to help other android users find it . you can change the size of the shortcut in the usual way , by long-tapping it and then dragging the handles that appear .
a short google search for " spmo file " reveals that these are " speedview meta object " files and speed up the display of images . they are probably some sort of cache file and should be automatically recreated if you delete them .
you could try clicking the bottom right " repeat " icon , i.e. , if you have not tried that already .
charging my samsung galaxy note 1 ( gt-n7000 ) since 2 months with my nexus 7 charger without problems . the nexus 7 charger provides enough output and the phone manages this . but vice versa : most phone chargers have less output ( 1a ) so it needs longer to charge your nexus 7 tablet .
in short : yes , you can use your nexus7 charger to charge your android phone . if the connectors are compatible , it will work without problems . i always use a single 2a usb charger for every phone , tablet and ereader that i have at home , and also for the raspberry pi .
( 1 ) what are the non-google alternatives to gmail , talk , voice , maps , google calendar on the nexus one ? can not say specifically about nexus one , but the stock android platform does not come with google-branded apps ; so , yes , it is possible for the phone to live without google . however , imo if you are using android and avoiding google 's services , you are missing a lot . the stock email application can sync to gmail or other mail services through imap and pop . however , just like syncing gmail from desktop through thunderbird/outlook , you will not be able to use the unique gmail features , like priority inbox , archival , labeling , etc . applications that uses cloud to device messaging ( a . k.a. push-to-device ) requires a google account . without c2dm , applications would have to poll their servers periodically , therefore draining the battery . there are alternative implementations c2dm that does not connect to google 's servers , however most programs are not designed for those alternative implementations and may have problems . google 's android market is the largest android market place . needless to say , you will not be able to download as much apps as easily if you avoid google 's android market . google maps and navigations can be replaced by , e.g. waze , navdroyd , ndrive , rmaps , etc . i do not think there is a good replacement for streetview , however . there are certainly replacements for google calendar , however , i have not used any of them , so i cannot comment on how good they are . ( 2 ) do they really perform as fast as the " native " google apps/services ? yes , if we are to believe google 's words , none of the google 's apps use any " hidden " android apis that could magically cause their software to outperform other applications . however , because google is google , google 's own apps typically have the best integration to the android platform and 3rd party programs typically would prefer to integrate their own apps with google 's applications . also , since nexus one is a " pure google experience " phone , this means rooting and installing custom roms on a nexus one is among the easiest from all android devices .
android comes with an email app that lets you use any pop3 , imap , or exchange account . talk can be replaced by meebo , ebuddy messenger , and many others . voice is a fairly unique service but some features can be sort of replaced -- you can use a sip phone number and an app like sipdroid for calls , or something like kik messenger for text-like instant messages ( think blackberry messenger ) . searching " maps " in the market shows several results that look promising , same with calendar . the email app is very , very buggy and low on features . i am confident there are other mail apps that are better though . on the other hand , talk is also pretty buggy ; i find ebuddy to be much better . and many people have problems with calendar . when it really comes down to it , a quality app is a quality app , whether google wrote it or not . android does not seem to be as biased toward google 's apps as windows was towards microsoft 's apps . my hodgepodge of google and non-google apps works well for me and i am sure you can get a set of apps that will work at least as well overall as google 's apps do .
there are quite a few replacement dialer apps in the market - just search for ' dialer ' . there are quite a few , both paid and free . i have only tried one ( dialer one ) just to confirm that it can indeed replace the default dialer , but i do not think it is sensible to go into any particular dialer 's merits here .
use adbd insecure app then enable it ( also at boot ) . give it root permissions using superuser pro v1.0 and reboot your phone . i did it to gain default shell as root on my phone samsung galaxy star duos .
if there is a short in the usb port on the phone it can cause charging to stop and heating up to occur . i guess that is well past your warranty period , but you could still take it into a phone shop and ask about getting the port replaced . i just had that done on my galaxy nexus and it only took about 15 minutes once the part came in .
there are 90% chances of it should be a hardware defect . most probably the micro usb pins inside your nexus might have been damaged . also there is a possibility of your battery nearing its lifetime . sometimes one in a million batteries die young . so i advice you to check your phone with another compatible battery .
i had the same problem with my samsung galaxy sii plus , i found a solution on youtube : here is the link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8pyqcopera but notice that not all games can be moved , following that video will show you jut how to do it for some games like mxoffroad and shadowgun . i find it really disappointing to save apps only in the internal memory , it is a dump idea . . but in some old android versions have the possibility to move apps to the external sdcard . i hope this will help you a little bit . . better than nothing . thanks to directorybind app , i could move two games until now , 2xl mxoffroad and csr racing . note : you will not find directorybind app on googleplay , to download it , look in the video description you will find the download link . connect your mobile via usb cable to a computer and copy and past the downloaded app in phone 's memory . eject your phone . go to googleplay and search for apk installer . download this latest and open it to search for directoryband app , while found install it and follow the video on youtube . goodluck .
i think an app called titanium backup has a feature like that . it is also full of other features . it is a must have for any rooted android . practically why i rooted in the first place .
there is a big chapter on that in andrew hoog 's android forensics book on that ( see this amazon list for available copies ) . unfortunately , that book does not come for free ( but from elsevier ; so prices range from ~usd 20 for the kindle edition to ~usd 50 for the print , with some crazy offers for ~usd 170+ as well ) , but it explains a lot of background not only interesting for forensik specialists . a german version of this book now is available for eur 35 , published by franzis ( which can be found e.g. on its german amazon page as well as on the publishers site , see this link ) . while the link to androiduserland given in a comment on the question contains a very rudimentary list , a better ( though also incomplete ) documentation can be found at robotz.com. as said , this is far from being complete , but better for understanding . i remember having seen another documentation at android . com -- some hints can be found there e.g. in the storage options ( check " internal storage " and " external storage " here ) . but a complete documentation of the file system hierarchy is missing here as well . so again , the most complete documentation known to me is hoog 's forensics book . german speakers might also be interested in taking a look into the chapter dateisysteme und datenstrukturen of my book " die androiden-toolbox " , which ( in this community edition ) is freely available in html , mobipocket and pdf versions here on my ebook server ( if you prefer a printed copy with a few more details , the ( extended ) franzis edition das inoffizielle android-systemhandbuch will be available end of this month , i.e. starting around the 26.11.2012 ) . disclosure : as said , i am the author of the second book mentioned . and , not yet mentioned , the translator for the german version of andrew hoog 's book . but that does not mean i hold back other sources here , of course .
when you create a new event , you should be able to select which calendar to add the event to . if you select an exchange-based calendar , the event will be synced to the server . by default the events are created in the phone 's local calendar .
depending on the set up of your profile use the following : in the task step add the if statement : %CNUM ~ 9*/8* this means that the step will be executed only for number starting with 9 or 8 . alternatively , set up the whole profile to only activate if the caller 's number starts with 8 or 9 . in event ( like incoming call ) settings : caller ( normally says optional ) specify 9*/8* this means the profile will be only activated if the number starts with 9 or 8 . hopefully , this will work for you . for more info see : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
i do not believe this is a hardware limitation , but just the way the phone 's manufacturer chose to implement the battery reporting code . my droid 2 also only showed by 10% increments . however , on my current setup i am using the Circle Battery Widget available on the market and it displays the percentage in 1% increments .
if you visit the market page for battstatt , the developer 's site for battery left widget , and this motorola owners ' forum thread you will start to notice a theme . several motorola phones do not report their battery levels in increments of 1% .
most likely it is a battery saving feature . polling the battery state too often will drain it quicker , so manufacturers adjust the polling periods to sacrifice accuracy for better battery life .
i do not have an htc one , but i use go sms pro which is a third party sms/mms app that has a easy setting in there to only show a " new message " notification instead of actually showing the message 's contents . you said you did not want another application , so you might be able to look through the settings of the default messaging app on the one and see if there is something similar . if not , i highly recommend go sms pro to solve this issue and several others .
not going to happen . sorry . while msm8655 supports gsm - play verizon 's version of radio software makes no use of it . you can not reflash the radio software because the bootloader is locked . and even if you could - the gsm bands are not " phased " in your phone . " phasing " is a process of calibrating the phone during manufacturing - without it you would get no 3g , at best you could probably get very poor 2g performance if any at all .
enhanced email claims to support outgoing html emails .
so i flashed the twrp recovery instead of clockworkrom , and this was able to activate mass storage mode . the rest was history - copied the rom zip file and installed it as usual . sadly , my internal 32 gb storage was totally wiped out , so i have lost my titaniumbackup folder , a bunch of songs ( that i can copy again anyway ) and some photos .
if your phone is rooted , you can try to install meltus ' galaxy volume modifier . this is for the samsung galaxy siii international version only . requirements : an international samsung galaxy s iii with root access and busybox the rom you are running must be a samsung rom ( i.e. . not cm ) a knowledge of adb , fastboot and the flashing process , just in case .
this might seem silly , but i had this problem on my razr maxx hd and my solution was to use a canned air blower ( with a thin straw ) into the earphone jack . it blew out ridiculous amounts of lint that must have been accumulating from the phone being in my pants pockets .
there are two cases : you are logged in your google account on your device browser you are not logged in in case 1 , go to www.google.com, scroll down and click on " settings " at the bottom . you will get to a page which gives you the option of wiping your search history in case 2 , go to www.google.com, start typing something in the search box , you will see in the autocomplete the option to wipe your search results . what matthew suggested wipes the search history of your device not on google 's servers . you have to do both if you wanna clear everything .
history in the browser is your history of visited sites . saved form information ( your searches ) is different and separate . hit the Clear form data option in the browser settings .
go to settings , more at the top right of the screen , then click on storage , then click applications , find the google maps application in the list and click it . once inside click clear data and clear cache . this should fix the problem
offline browser app sounds exactly like what you are looking for . you can specify a list of web pages to download for offline reading , along with a per-page configurable link depth ( so that it does not just pull down the home page . )
its too late , but might help somebody landing on this page . i using android paperspan app for this and it downloads original whole page ( no article/pdf ) . so can click on a link from offline page if internet is back . to read them on computer , i copy from phone to computer , then can read as any saved web page . hope this helps .
here is a site that has the specs for the g510 , and it does say that it supports gps . maybe there is a problem with the hardware on the device that the gps chip does not work or something , and the software does not see the chip so it does not show the option . you can try using the " power control " widget if you have it ( i think its part of stock android ) . it has a toggle for gps , and you can see if it lets you turn it on/off .
if it would use the only partition of your sdcard , apps would become unavailable if that card is mounted to e.g. your pc via ums ( usb mass storage ) . that is what happens with app2sd , and link2sd wants to avoid that . ever tried creating links on fat ( which is the file-system used on your card ) . this adds to the problem . using a separate partition , link2sd can make use of " advanced " file-system types , e.g. ext3/ext4 , which leads ( amongst other things ) to better performance . doing so with your only sdcard partition , this would introduce problems for windows users , as windows does not support ext file systems out-of-the-box these are the most obvious reasons for this decision . it might very well be i missed some more -- but these alone are enough to make it a wise decision : )
catch notes should accomplish this very well . they even have a widget that allows you to take a picture and go straight into their editor to comment and add notes . highly recommended . they also have a web counterpart which may make viewing/managing your notes easier . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.threebanana.notes
keepass is an option . you can set up the keepassdroid app to use a password database that you keep synced with dropbox ( a good tutorial is available at androidpolice ) . not very elegant , but it might be what you are looking for .
you might like to try http://phonemarks.blogspot.com/
i do not think this precise behavior exists in adw at the moment . however , you can lock your desktop entirely if you want to , which prevents you from moving any of the icons or adding new icons ( or widgets ) . you will have to unlock it whenever you want add widgets/icons but it is only three clicks ( Menu button-&gt;More-&gt;(un)Lock Desktop ) .
different wallpapers drain the battery differently . it really depends on how many different factors the wallpaper is paying attention to . is it just being pretty or is it altering itself based on every movement of your phone ? the best way to find out is to simply test it yourself . spend one charge of your phone running a live wallpaper . when you get near the end of the battery charge , open up your phone 's settings . go to " about phone " -> " battery " -> " battery use " . this screen will show you all services that have used up more than 2% of your battery 's charge . your first reaction will probably be that it is taking up a lot when you see " display " draining the most but that is not taking into account wallpaper . the live wallpaper , if it has used more than 2% ( some do not ) , will show up as it is own service . they will pull more than a normal wallpaper ( that is a given ) but some will not effect it the battery charge nearly as much as say your widgets or the brightness of the display . turn down the brightness and you could probably offset the difference in battery charge of running a live wallpaper .
if it is not rooted and not running a custom rom , a factory reset will reset everything back to stock and wipe the internal sd card . if you also wipe the external sd card , you will have a clean slate . checkout chapter update and reset , section resetting htc evo 3d , ( page 209 ) of the manual : http://www.htc.com/managed-assets/support/user-guide/user-manual/htc-evo-3d/110803_shooteru_htc_wwe_um.pdf quoting the manual : resetting htc evo 3d do a factory reset to return htc evo 3d to its original state before the first time you turned it on . if you’re passing htc evo 3d on to someone else or htc evo 3d has a persistent problem that cannot be solved , you can perform a factory reset ( also called a hard reset ) . factory reset is not a step to be taken lightly . it’ll permanently delete all your data and customized settings , and will remove any applications you’ve downloaded and installed . be sure to back up any data and files you want to keep before you do a factory reset .
the easiest way , without using any specialised tools is just to visit that app 's page in the android market . all apps in the market have their package name as part of their url , so you can just take your package name and prefix it with https://market.android.com/details?id= to get https://market.android.com/details?id=com.letang.game103.en which will take you to the page for king fighter ⅱ by letang , inc .
you can not ( reliably ) combine a kernel with a ramdisk from a different kernel . the ramdisk contains the kernel modules you build , so it has to go with the exact same kernel build . if you build a kernel , you have to flash the ramdisk produced by that build along with the kernel image ( and vice-versa ) .
when starting your phone in step 2 of your example , hold the volume down only . once the warning screen appears , then press volume up .
apps on android do not change their icon to show that there are new notifications , the notifications appear in the notification bar at the top of the screen instead , so that they are always available at a glance , even when you are running other apps . in android apps manage their own notifications , so to change whatsapp 's notification settings you need to open the whatsapp app , and then press your device 's menu button ( or press the ... ellipses icon in the top right of the screen ) then select settings and then select notifications , you can then see the various options that whatsapp has for alerting you about different types of messages .
the android developer documentation explains how to specify an intent in the argument to the am command . in your case you want -a to specify the action , -d to specify the data uri , and --ez to specify a boolean extra . you can find the action name by looking up Intent.ACTION_VIEW in the documentation . putting all of that together , you get:- am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW -d com.glass.videoglass:// --ez startFromWS true 
if it is a supported device , then this should basically be the process as it is the same for every supported device i have experienced . put the cyanogenmod update zip file on the device sdcard ( or internal storage ) also put the google apps update package that corresponds to the cm version on the sdcard boot the device in to recovery mode you can create a backup in the recovery image ( probably clockworkmod recovery ) clear the cache and wipe the data install zip from sdcard ( selecting the cyanogenmod zip ) install zip from sdcard ( selecting the google apps zip ) reboot the device . if you have rom manager , a lot of this process may even be easier . with rom manager , which can also install clockworkmod recovery if it is supported on the device , you can download cyanogenmod , the google apps package , clear the cache and user data , and perform the backup . it will then reboot the device and perform all those steps . now , as i said , i am not 100% sure that cm is supported on this device , so there may be other steps required to get an unofficial version working on the device . with that said , samsung devices are usually pretty easy to get back to the stock version if something goes wrong ( soft brick ) . it is pretty hard to brick these devices , i have had a couple scares , but i have always been able to revert back to original stock rom by using odin .
from previous experience , rebooting the device should fix the issue .
i say go to play store , when you will open my apps section the backed up apps will be downloaded automatically . make sure that you are connected to wifi or 3g .
no , it is entirely possible to buy from the play store several times a day . if this were not the case , the microtransaction-based games industry would be in huge trouble ! likely your first transaction tripped an intrusion detection algorithm at the bank . card-not-present ( cnp ) transactions get scrutinised more closely , and online purchases of digital goods even more so , because they are easier to use for fraudulent purposes . if you have never used google play with this card before , and especially if you have previously been a victim of card fraud , then the computers at the bank might have got suspicious . you need to call your card issuer to sort this out .
only apps that are coded to use the google service will back-up and restore data . see this post for more information . does the built-in google app data backup work ?
i use kitkat 4.4 , moto x . you cannot use any phrase you wish . i tried , and it does not work .
use " open mic " app from google play store
you can use the attempts described in louis 's post here , but they have limited success . as of now , there is no way to change the touchless control hotword to anything you want , but as per the " hack " you requested , using autovoice with tasker would be the way to go . you can set up autovoice to listen continuously for any hotword you want , then use that hotword through tasker to trigger google now . a tutorial for the setup can be found here that also uses autoshare . be aware that this workaround will not give voice responses , as it essentially records your voice and uses the input to do a text search . if i find a more usable example , i will share it here , but this may be as good as can be done without root .
apparently you can use the training software it includes and just train it to hear something else . as in , if it says " read this : " just say whatever you like .
you could also produce a web application with gwt and deploy it natively to multiple devices using phone gap .
yes most android browsers support javascript quite well , and since gwt " translates " the java to javascript it should be fine . obviously it might require some tweaking to accommodate the screen formats . edit : note , it will be a web application , with all limitations that come with that
the privacy guard is not available on stable builds , only on nightlies . source : privacy guard probably will not make it to the stable build until the next major release ( 10.2 ) .
you could try to install sim contacts . i have not seen how to make it your default app for managing contacts , but i suppose you could drag the app icon to your homescreen or to the dock , so you can just access it quickly from there . with the sim contacts app , you can add , edit ( long-press on a contact and a menu will appear ) , or delete sim contacts . you can also choose to copy them on your phone . update #1: from izzy : also , if you do not want anything to be synced to google , make sure to turn off all sync options in settings → accounts and sync . by default , that is all enabled . as long as you add new contacts as sim contacts , they will not be synched to google . only contacts added as google contacts will be synched .
i have used myphoneexplorer in the past with my sony ericcson phone and it worked just great as a file manager to sync my phone with my laptop and to back up my contacts , notes , tasks , appointments , sms messages , alarms , photos , videos etc . now the same developer has a new free app called mylocalaccount ( available on google play ) . i have been using it for a couple of weeks now and it works well enough so far ( on my nexus 4 with android 4.3 update ) . you can add contacts and make changes ( add , edit , delete ) . also installed myphoneexplorer client on my phone and am able to use it to back up my contacts et al . also turn off auto-sync options if you do not want your data sync'ed with your google account .
from your situation , the most likely cause is that the message centre is not set correctly . first , find out the correct setting from your carrier : it is probably on their website , or you can phone their support line and ask . once you know the correct setting , find the message centre option in the settings for the stock sms app , and set it correctly .
what you need to do is to enter the account information on the new tablet . it should ask you for it ( along with the other stuff like the time and date ) when you first power the device up . alternatively , it will ask you for it when you open up the play store/market app on the device . there is no need to remove the previous device from your account nor is there any way to . you can have at least 10 devices associated to the same google account at the same time . also , the device will automatically get removed from your account after it has not been in contact with the play store for about 9 months .
this device is not listed in google 's list of devices supported by google play . not all android devices have ( or can run ) google play : android is open-source , so anyone can make an android device , but only those certified by the open handset alliance are allowed the google apps and google play . it does not seem likely you will be able to use google play with this device . the manufacturer 's website looks like it was made by children , and shopnbc is the only retailer that advertises the device . i would suggest you stop buying tablets that are cheaply made for shopping channels and buy one from a reputable manufacturer .
next to the settings pointed out by peanut 's answer , it might be worth to check some special roaming apps like e.g. roaming control : roaming control automatically enables or disables mobile data connection , airplane mode or auto sync based on the currently active network operator . ( emphasis mine ) . if your mail client obeys the sync settings , this should be an excellent alternative : have it checking mails in background usually , but just not while in roaming . best explained by a screenshot : roaming control ( click for larger variant )
if you go into settings -> data usage you can see which apps are using the most data . it is possible to turn them off using data in the background by clicking on the app and then selecting " restrict background data " . see this and this for pictures and further detail . also if it is just email you are using you can probably turn it off automatically checking depending on the client and email service you are using . if you are using gmail then go into the gmail app , go to the settings for your account and turn off " sync gmail " .
is that for the cm9 rc1 that was released yesterday ? :d there is two things you need to do : remove the simlock first ! ( flashing a rom with simlock on could spell disaster ) unlock the bootloader to enable you to run custom roms . as for the way things are , there is no true cwm recovery for the sony due to the inherent nature of how sony does it ( its different ! ) - when you unlock the bootloader , you are also unlocking recovery but , the boot and recovery are residing on the one partition so do not try flash cwm into it otherwise bam , goodbye ! there is an app on the market , for a cwm which is not a real cwm ( it dumps its binaries into the /system directory ) which by the way , must remind you need root for this ! you will need se1tool ( iirc ) to flash the latest rom , you could also check out the freexperia project for information on this , freexperia is by jerpelea , which is now what you are seeing , as cm9 .
rotation locker says that it supports this : lock your screen 's rotation in landscape , portrait or auto . when you launch the app , you are faced with these three options . for doing this quickly , it does also include a widget to lock whatever your current orientation is : a widget is provided so you can lock into whatever your current orientation is . ( useful for reverse landscape for example ) .
you can install airbubble on your android , which works as a speaker using apple 's airplay ( daap ) protocol . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bubblesoft.android.airbubble pulseaudio can be configured to stream to any airplay receiver - check this answer for details on setting that up : http://superuser.com/questions/331126/how-can-you-stream-music-from-ubuntu-to-airplay-speakers-on-your-network-with-ub with airbubble running , it should show up as a speaker option in the ubuntu sound menu .
ubuntu has built ubuntu one mobile for that very purpose . the service is free to try for one month , then $3.99/month ( or $39.99 yearly ) . it is worth mentioning that the paid account gives you 25gb of storage and unlimited streaming for devices running android 2.1+ , ios 3.1+ as well as windows xp , vista and 7 ( and there are rates for additional storage ) . ( for those who do not wish to stream music , ubuntu one provides 5gb of cloud storage for free . )
check out subsonic . www.subsonic.org it has its own app in the market and should play nice with phone calls . takes about 2 seconds to setup on an internal only network and 3 min to access it from anywhere .
you could try bluetooth , either by an adapter or a new set of speakers .
yes ! there is an app called remote audio which tunnels your computer 's audio output over either ssh or 1 or 2 other protocols . i just installed it and have not set it up yet , but i plan on using it alongside a remote vnc connection to my desktop at home so i can use energy xt remotely to sequence song ideas from wherever in the world i happen to be . = ) i am sure the ubuntu thing works awesome for music , and probably involves a simpler set-up , but this will stream any sound your computer makes , and it is free ( and works with any *nix system ) . the rhythembox thing you posted about would work awesome too , but you need to set up an icecast media streaming server first .
i use the old winamp shoutcast streaming server tools . then use one of the apps that play shoutcast stations . winamp ( official app , but shoutcast streaming still in development as of 11/8/2010 ) or xiialive ( appbrain link ) .
have you thought of an upnp av approach ? the protocol allows streaming of media between various devices in the same network ( e . g . wifi ) . there is a large variety of servers and clients for all the oses . for example , mediatomb is a well-known media server also available for ubuntu . for playback on the phone you could use allshare , which comes preinstalled on some phones , or a free client like bubbleupnp or skifta .
your touch screen needs to replace now . please contact nearest sony service centre .
try this link for huawei ascend i how to edit own sms photo
if you use google+ and have your google account connected to your phone , your profile picture will be used as your " me " picture .
assuming you are using the aosp browser , you can opt to sync your bookmarks with your google account by enabling bookmarks in the sync menu for google ( in settings app ) .
probably you need this app : import/export browser bookmark . as mentioned in google play , this app backups your bookmarks from your android browser ( stock browser , firefox , etc ) and restore them in your browser in pc . . hope it helps you .
personally , i use quickcopy - it may be as close as you will get to your ideal . the only part it will not do is automatically paste into the field you want it to , but it does provide quick access .
try clipnote
you could try smart clipboard : http://www.appbrain.com/app/smart-clipboard/net.xdevelop.cp it claims to do just what you are asking . personally i use uber keyboard : http://www.appbrain.com/app/uber-keyboard-%28text-voice%29/com.pwnwithyourphone.talktomekbd it give you suggestions while you type which i usually ignore but it also let 's you set custom mappings . so i set it up so the 1st two letters of my email are mapped to my full email address so when i type in mw it shows my full email as a suggestion so i can insert it without having to open another app . i have set a bunch of other custom mappins as well for commonly entered things .
i am the creator of clipper , a free clipboard manager app . in addition to the clipboard history feature , you can also store snippets , which is what you are looking for .
meridian media player has support for lyrics - i believe , embedded as well as . lrc files , but you might need the payware pro version for that functionality to be enabled . update : you are right ! turns out i had . lrc files in my music folder which is why i was seeing lyrics .
i have not actually researched this answer , so take it with a grain of salt . basing it off of other development work i have done with mp3s in the past . i do not think there would be any reason that android would limit an application from reading the embedded lyrics ( or , rather lyrics from the id3 tag ) . because the tag supports this , really all you would need is a java library that you can bring into your android app that will read the lyrics . with that said , the lyrics tag tends to be a little more in the " advanced support " for many applications . everybody reads the title and artist tags . most people will even display the album art ( which is also part of the id3 ) . i have not researched any recent libraries , but if you are curious about the id3 tag in general , read this id3 easy article . so , the short answer is : no , nothing is stopping anybody from supporting it other than library support . either a library does not exist , or nobody cares to utilize that feature within an android media player . hope that helps !
is there something in the android architecture that prevents people from creating mp3 players that read embedded lyrics ? apparently the answer is " yes . " there is an open issue in android 's issue tracker on this very problem . only users with commit permission may comment , but you can star and follow the issue and perhaps help it get more attention .
well , its okay to leave the device plugged over to the charger with a ruined battery . let me tell you a little secrete i am doing the same thing thing from last month , what i need was a router so , i got the idea the same way like you are talking about i plugged my s2 with the charger with tethering switched on and viola i no need of spending few extra bucks for router . i use it to tether the internet over my notebook and s5 . still no sign of any unusual problem , i usually switch the charger off when i am at my workplace . so , i would say instead of keeping it switch on continuously switch it off when not in use you will never encounter any problem .
definitely a yes based on the conditions of the battery . if the battery is not more then 1 year old ( frequently charging or extreme usage of the device for the most of the time ) if the battery has any dent 's etc . if the battery is showing early signs of disfiguring . ( battery starts to swell due to overcharging which leads to overheating and thereby it will not fit in your device leaving your device useless for any purpose you desire which require using the battery i.e. dead phone without battery ) if the your battery satisfies anyone condition from the above then you have to replace the battery with a new one .
1 : yes , android does have many partitions as mentioned here 2 : by default it is locked unless you unlock it as mentioned here 3 : yes , it must be unlocked as mentioned in xda-developers 's flashing guide 4: a : no you do not have to b:it depends on your vendor . 5:yes , it can as mentioned in xda-developers 's root i9100g 6:it might brick your phone but for me it stopped in the middle and it did not brick .
to answer your questions individually : not all handsets have those partitions - sony has boot and recovery combined into one . most bootloaders are locked by the appropriate manufacturer . some are willing to allow you to unlock the bootloader through their website ( check with that first ) yes , the bootloader must be unlocked , that is to enable the overwriting of the boot loader with a custom kernel , in some cases , see sony above , if overwriting the boot , you are hosed ! see 3 above . for 4 and 5 , the ics has a different method of exploiting root unlike previous versions , zergrush is the latest for gingerbread , as for ics and later , not 100% sure . as for bricking , now , let 's clear up something , bricking is a wrong terminology to use . the only true way of bricking is , doing a firmware update , and halfway through that process , pull the cable . . . you are well and truly hosed . by firmware definition , i am not referring to rom updates mind you , its more of hardware update - think of bios updates on desktop pcs , then you are not far off the mark there , such as radio firmware . the problem is the word brick has become a common parlance among new beginners to android and often associated with the ' rooting process ' , and that is fud . think about it , a brick used to build a wall , that is a brick . phones can be brought back from the dead so to speak with specialized jtag cables and stripping down the phone to the circuitary level ( some have it accessible to avoid stripping down ) . that is a hardware-brick - can only happen with the above scenario in firmware update - pull the cable halfway through or even , attempting to do a firmware update when the battery is &lt ; 5% and the battery dies , that is another way . that is why it is recommended to have the battery have sufficient charge capacity > 85% prior to doing a firmware update . soft brick on the other hand - is commonly associated with boot-loops , incorrect rom flashing . that is salvageable . you will know if a brick has happened , phone is dead , no power , not responding with a fully charged battery . if on the other hand , you see a boot logo appear , and responds to power , leds lights on , its not bricked . that is a very simple but important concept to understand to aid in distinguishing when doing the procedures such as rooting it , updating roms .
i am also using a asus transformer prime tablet but the play runs very well in that . i would suggest the following , restart the tablet . try to charge for atleast 8 hours also did u install the latest firmware that is being provided by asus , that firmware is a bug filled update . do not update that . if you have updated it then it could be because of that .
i was on the verge of packing the tablet up and returning it to amazon and thought i would try one last thing . i took the tablet to a friends house and tried it on their wifi just to double check it was not my network . the table worked first time and i used google play to install a number of apps . i then took the tablet back to my house and google play continued to work and i installed some more apps . i have no idea what my router was blocking that prevented google play from working but it seems fine now . if the problem returns i know the issue is with my router now , not the tablet .
to answer your question about launchers : yes , they are like explorer . exe on windows . most launchers will replace the home screens and app-launching window . some may even affect the app-switching , but you might have to play around with them . a short list ( note : not complete ) of alternative launcher apps : nova launcher adwlauncher / adwlauncher ex ( paid ) go launcher ex launcherpro / launcherpro plus unlocker ( paid ) looking at the above apps you can see how they change the look-and-feel of the bulk of android 's ui . i have tried most of the above , and each have extensive options and tweaking abilities to get your home screens and app launchers to look the way you want them .
try actually pasting it . you could try the often-built-in memo app , gmail , email , or something like docs to go if you want to save it .
google offers a tutorial on how to delete auto backups on their support site : how to delete auto backups
i have occasionally seen a new ( or factory reset ) n7 refuse to appear on a pc until you change the storage mode to camera then back to mtp . from memory ( i do not have my n7 to hand ) go to settings , storage , tap the three dot menu and there is an option to change the storage mode there .
most likely a hardware issue . i recommend you get your device repaired by sending it to google/asus .
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en our vmlite vnc server does exactly what you asked . remotely view and control any android devices from desktop or another phone/tablet , rooting is not required . you can use vnc viewer or html browser to control the remote phone .
if you have a samsung phone you can check out teamviewer quicksupport which lets you fully control your phone . there are also ways to use it with other roms and phones . see : quicksupport mod
you can hae a look at airdroid for desktop sms . it works as a kind of web server on your phone , which means you have to access it from a secure web page ( downside : works only inside the same wifi network ) . but next to smses you can do a lot more with it , but i recommend you have a look at it yourself .
android mouse and keyboard might be able to do what you want . install it on one device , use it in bluetooth mode , and then sync that device 's virtual bluetooth keyboard and mouse to the other device just as you would a real bluetooth keyboard or mouse .
as for uninstalling apps , i do not think so . standard apps ( ones that do not use root access ) have at most three parts : a single executable file a .apk archive containing the entire app -- similar to windows apps that are entirely contained in a .exe file ( like most installers : it not only carries all the code it needs but also all pictures , config files it needs , etc . ) it is stored in /data/app usually a single folder containing all userdata this is for things like settings storage , or caches although this is comparable to yoir appdata folder it does not get cluttered because apps are only allowed a single folder here that is managed completely by the system and is easily deleted when uninstalled stored in /data/data possibly another folder in /sdcard/Android/data basically the same as the /data/data folder but if the app needs a lot of space for extra files it puts them here when an app is uninstalled , all these parts are destroyed by the system , so i can not think of anything that would get cluttered but the fragmentation of the sdcard . do not download any defrag apps ( i have not found a single one that was not some sort of scam ) . instead , get a card reader and defrag it on your pc if need be . edit : as suggested by izzy below , sd maid is a nice manager/cleaner
if it is an ad-hoc network vanilla android does not support ad-hoc wi-fi networks . but there is a patch for the wpa_supplicant , that allows you to connect to ad-hoc networks ( root required ) : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/android-ad-hoc-wireless-network-support/ http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=754961 http://szym.net/2010/12/adhoc-wifi-in-android/ http://szym.net/2010/12/prospects-of-ad-hoc-wifi-in-android/ but android 4.0 supports wi-fi direct , which can be seen as a more enhanced version of the ad-hoc protocol . if you have an soft-ap this sounds like you ap is transmitting on a channel that is not avaiable on your android phones . try setting the wi-fi channel to something &lt ; 12 e.g. 5 .
a vast majority of it . my device says i have up to 5gb of internal storage that i can use . additionally you can throw in an sd card . in my experience about 98% of the apps on the market will work on your rooted ( stock ) nook color . if you flash cyanogenmod 7 or similar , then they all should work . if you remain with stock , there are some minor quirky issues because there are a few things missing from the os . for example , trying to create a " shortcut " will cause a force close .
below is the output of " df -h -a " command on my nook color running cyanogenmod 7.0 rom ( 2.3.3 ) which gives you a break-down of the mounted partitions : out of 8 gigabytes of internal memory ~500 mb is reserved for the rom itself ( /rom and /system ) , ~1.5 gb is for app storage ( /data and /cache ) , 5 gb is for data storage ( /mnt/emmc ) and another ~500mb reserved for other miscellaneous android operations . you can also see my 8gb sd card mounted on /mnt/sdcard . keep in mind that these partitions can be ( and usually are ) remapped based on the needs of a given rom . in terms of your question regarding apps from the market , there are some limitations that mostly depend on the type and version of the rom you are planning to run . the biggest concern the screen resolution and lcd density . several apps , including the market itself ( vending . apk ) are quite picky about how well ( or even if ) they will work properly . most common side-effect is apps displaying in a tiny window instead of properly scaling . most can be fixed by disabling compatibility mode in spare parts , but some ( e . g . google reader ) will only function with a certain lcd density that could be in conflict with other apps . keep in mind that most of the custom roms for nook color are works in progress , so expect to see better compatibility with all apps going forward . also , if rumors of froyo ( 2.2 ) update for the official nook color firmware are true , we could see better performance once the official display/video/audio/etc . driver upgrades are rolled into custom roms .
to root a nook hd or hd+ you can use clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery , a tool to install modifications to an android device . follow the instructions on this xda thread to create bootable micro sd from one the provided images . i used win32diskimager on a windows xp net-book with a built-in card-reader to burn a sd with the nookhd-bootable-cwm-6025-for-emmc-stock-small-rev2 . zip image . and i copied nookhd-hdplus-universal-root-rev1 . zip into it . once i could boot my nook from the cwm sd i made a backup and used " install zip from sd " to apply the nookhd-hdplus-universal-root-rev1 . zip more information and tips to be found at the xda thread
russian keyboard is a free app that allows you to choose different layouts ( languages ) for the hardware keyboard and the combination for switching between them ( alt+shift , alt+space or shift+space ) . works perfectly on my samsung with android 4.4 kitkat . note that selected layouts and the switching combination works as long as the app is selected as a current input method .
you can try ctrl+shift . this option better works for the xp . may be it can also work with you .
your ending question differs in a little but significant point from your introductionary question . but let 's go step by step : sure it is possible to install an older version of an app over an already installed newer version . for a user app : make sure you have permitted installation from unknown-sources ( see its tag-wiki for details ) open/launch the .apk file using a file manager , web browser , or similar the package installer should fire , asking you if you want to replace the installed app by this " older version " . but be aware that though installation most likely succeeds , the app might experience problems if the newer version e.g. had updated the structure of its database ( i had this only once yet , and the affected app just force-closed when trying to start it ) . if in such a case you insist on using the old version , the only way to make it work is to clear its cache and data . now to your final question . this is not just about installing an older version , but about signing it . yes , that can be done as well . you have simply got to ask the developer of the original app to give you his signing key . trouble is , his answer will ( and should ) be " no " . alternatively , you might give him the files and ask him to sign them with his key . assuming it is the manufacturer 's company behind it , the expected answer again is a " no " , though . so your real question rather reads : i have got an app already installed on my device . is it possible to install a different ( older ) version of it which has a different signature ­– without rooting and patching system with lucky patcher or previously uninstalling the newer version ? the answer is : no , that is not possible : signature check will fail , so you had have to uninstall the app first when using the " normal approach " as shown above overriding this signature check without root imho is not possible changing the signature to match imho is not possible unless you have got the developers key
if you are using apex launcher , i remember that you can disable scrolling wallpaper in apex settings , just try to find this option yourself . fyi : touchwiz launcher does not have scrolling wallpaper from jelly bean up .
i use wallpaper wallpaper wizardrii™ from google play store which exactly matches your requirement . you can find details in the app 's wiki .
most of the difference you see is likely the result of an addition to jelly bean ( initially in 4.1 and tweaked a bit in 4.2 and 4.3 ) called project butter . it basically consisted of vsyncing all graphics , using triple buffering , synchronizing touch response with the vsync , and working to predict and prepare for your next action . those seem like small things , but they make a considerable difference . you can see a slow-motion side-by-side comparison here . both devices are galaxy nexuses , one with ics and the other with jb 4.1 . the difference is rather striking , especially with the quick contacts demonstration at 0:45 . as such , the new smoothness is not going to depend so much on the hardware but on how much the device manufacture has tinkered with things , such as with htc and samsung using their own sense and touchwiz uis rather than google 's stock one , and thus benefiting less from butter .
here is the free version of maps . me if you cannot afford buying the pro version . you can download . apk file directly to pc via apkleecher but you can not download maps of countries . you should install . apk to the mobile and then download required country 's map .
have you checked with maps . me — world offline maps ?
try wifi file explorer ( also available in pro version with more features ) . it reads your sd card just like astro does , allows you to view it from a computer browser , and does not require root . you may be able to view your files from here , and if so , you can download them via wifi network . let us know if it works ! : )
simple painless can be with dropbox application where you can share files between various platforms . no need for cable just wireless access ; )
you may try install the android sdk and use adb-pull under command-line .
apparently android versions 3.1+ support mtp for file transfers . this is a better protocol than usb mass storage for media files ( music , photos , videos ) but will not necessarily work with all files as well . probably since this mode is meant for media transfer , the system and data folders are hidden from the user .
same issue on an htc desire ( android 2.3.3 ) i had a crazy scrolling when tapping a text input field ( the field get the focus but was scrolled out of the screen ) and even worst : when entering values from the native keypad , each keytap was creating an arbitrary scroll . . after seeing this article i looked for some specific -webkit-transform tags and after removing them the issue is gone ! the lines were not even used , it was leftovers from previous attempts staying aside in a css file ! ! !
go on this forum , maybe it will help you http://androidforums.com/international-galaxy-s4-all-things-root/732797-rooting-galaxy-s4-dummies-guide.html
try way2sms.com. you have to subscribe or create an account with them , but then you can send unlimited messages through their gateway .
the only way to accomplish this is to use an online sms gateway , which means you send the message to the service provider via the internet , and they forward it to the recipient over sms . there are several service providers for this , but mostly they require a subscription , i.e. they are not free . just google for " sms gateway " to find them . some service providers have android app support , but this depends on your region and the selected service provider . note that most service providers do not allow you to use your own number as the sender , therefore the recipient may have a hard time replying to you .
according to their dev blog , the appstore does download a small token for drm'd apps which it uses to validate them at launch : how can you verify that the user has an entitlement to the app without internet access ? during the installation process for an app , the amazon appstore client downloads a small token that grants the user the right to access the application . a valid token permits the user that purchased the app to access their app offline . the amazon appstore client will periodically communicate with amazon servers to refresh the token . my guess as to why you see the error is that the token is either out of date or just got corrupted somehow ( bug in the appstore maybe ) . re-downloading probably refreshes the token since it is originally retrieved at install time , but it sounds like you may also be able to clear the appstore data and sign in to get a valid token , or possibly just launch the appstore and let it connect/refresh itself ( have not tried these myself as i have not had this error yet ) .
i just learned this lesson the hard way . amazon requires at least a once daily connection to the internet or you will not be able to access your apps purchased from them . i was overseas with spotty internet service and after one day all apps gave me the same error message . amazon made no apologies when i complained , but they refunded my purchases so i could buy them again through the android market , which does not have such idiotic requirements .
i could solve the problem by updating to the newest firmware with kies . now my build number is froyo . xxjq3 and everythings works as it should .
i have found meridian player transcend and it is what i needed . i can play all the mp3 files from a folder ( all songs in an album )
i have found that if i am using another app in the background that polls for location ( e . g . latitude in maps ) i tend to get much more accurate geo-tags in photos . ymmv , but perhaps if you know you are going to be shooting photos you can open up maps or similar first to start the process going . wrt your battery life question , leaving maps open tends to destroy my battery in a few ( 5-7 ) hours ( dinc 1 , known for horrible battery life anyway , even among android phones ) , especially if i am shooting a number of photos . when i know i am going to be using my phone in that manner i typically bring a second battery along , so that when i am done i can still make calls .
i am starting gpsfix before any app that use gps https://market.android.com/details?id=com.androidlab.gpsfix
you can try the browsers that do not use the internal webkit rendering engine , i.e. opera mobile , firefox , opera mini or skyfire . for android 2.2 there is also persian browser which uses webkit and connects the letters after loading the page .
android does not have great arabic support , although this has supposedly been improved in the latest version of android . this is currently the number one most-requested android issue . an upgrade to android 2.3 probably would not make a difference , but as power-inside mentioned , cyanogenmod does have improved arabic support . because the support is not built into android , improved arabic support must be built into the apps using libraries such as the better arabic reshaper . arabic text reader is an app that claims to support twitter in arabic . you could also contact the developer of tweetcaster and ask them about improving their arabic support . here 's an overview of arabic support in android by version : the evolution of android arabic support
android 4.3 has protection by default to disallow lock screen widgets : firstly you need to go to Settings &gt; My Device &gt; Lock Screen as above and enable " multiple widgets " you can change the sms notifications in the sms app > settings > notifications as an alternative for anyone interested i would recommend dash clock lock screen widget this is a highly customisable lock screen widget . you can have sms/missed calls/stardate ( seriously ) /hangouts/battery and lots more via extensions . you can customise the look and feel of the clock to be jellybean , kitkat etc too !
just figured this one out having had the same problem myself ( htc desire hd , android 2.2 ) . . . . from the " all messages " view , press the menu button . a " drafts " icon appears ( a floppy disk icon ) - press that , and it takes you to a view of all your drafts . press and hold a draft message to view/delete or press the menu button again and select delete drafts to go to a view where you can bulk mark the drafts you want to delete . hope that helps !
just clear the text of the draft message , and it will automatically disappear
have you tried pressing and holding on the text of the draft message and then using the context menu to delete that single draft message ?
i was having this issue too . apparently google does not deem pptp secure enough , so they disable it from the " always on " menu .
i figured it out , the problem was originating from nanopc-t1 config which used the usart port for output debug . it was over-writing the gps output . i used android serial port api , and rooted my device . because accessing ttysac0 port , needs root access . i wrote my own nmea parser to receive gps fixes .
not necessary . . . no need to downgrade . . .
if your device is rooted/unlocked , and you already use a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod or twrp ) , there is no need to downgrade first . flashing the custom-rom will either replace the complete system , regardless of the installed version : usually , the images contain complete " disk images " for all relevant partitions . if , on the other hand , your device is not rooted , and there does not exist any rooting solution for the currently installed android version , but only for ics : then yes , you might need to downgrade so you can gain root access to your device , and flash a custom recovery . on some devices it might be sufficient to simply unlock the bootloader in order to install a custom recovery or flash a custom rom . if that applies to your device , i must leave for someone else to answer .
since you do have working fastboot access , you have a few options from there : you can . . . get a custom recovery like twrp . then run fastboot flash recovery /path/to/twrp.img . with twrp , you can to try to reinstall roms , do factory resets , and make backups of your current system ( which may be a good idea , even if it is bricked ) . do a factory reset with fastboot format data and fastboot format cache . try to install stock android ( keeping data ) from the factory images by running included flash-base.sh , included in the image download . if all else fails , you can unbrick it by running the flash-all.sh - which will essentially reset it to a like-new state , with the stock os and no data . if you wind up doing a factory reset after all , you can use titanium backup to extract the apps and settings from the twrp backups .
ok solved ! we have operation ! here is what happened . Fastboot format data failed " cannot format partition type ' ' please enter password : error popped up in twrp when i had never set one and when i tried to do anything it could never mount /system or /cache or anything i did fastboot flash recovery clockwork recovery zip and from there i got the error ' cannot read sideload ' . luckily the answer to that was a google search away with the fix of putting the file in the same dir as adb . so by using clockwork recovery " install from sideload " option andadb sideload rom.zip i was able to install a custom rom and boot into it ! woooohooo unbricked ! thanks !
the only solution is to download another dialer app
i know that android 4.1 , 4.2 and 4.3 do not allow that by default ( i.e. , there is no setting for it . ) you could , however , get another dialer or locker app . go locker is both a great locker and dialer , but it can get annoying , as it sometimes needs you to answer the android os dialer screen as well .
i will answer my own question in the hope in helps others : i just had to reboot my device , and now when i start kindle the mobi files which i had copied to the kindle folder are present in the main screen . so obviously the kindle application must be restarted when you add ebooks to its folder ( without downloading them via the kindle store ) . update added the kindle folder : /sdcard/kindle  force closing and/or clearing the data , does not bring up an epub file i just copied to the folder . will let you know after some more testing . update 2 for those interested : the calibre software , can convert any e-book between numerous formats ( including epb and mobi ) . so , if the epub format is not recognized , just convert it to mobi and use the converted file .
my phone has no ambient light sensor and i had exactly the same problem . i have been using automateit , it is an application of similar vein to tasker/locale , except that there is a free version as well as a paid version . it can change brightness settings based on triggers , such as time of the day , or whether you are connected to your home wifi . the paid version allows you to combine multiple triggers into composite rules using and/or boolean logic .
if you do not mind paying a few bucks , i highly recommend tasker . this automation utility allows you to set up many built-in ( and some 3rd-party app ) android actions based on various parameters , including time of day . in tasker you will need to create 2 separate profiles , and to each add 2 actions . 1st action will be identical in both profiles - disabling the auto brightness . second one will be similar - a time-based action to change the display brightness , with time of day and brightness level being the differences . start tasker and tap the + button on the bottom o the main screen to create a new profile . give it a descriptive name , such as " brightness down " for example . choose the " time " context on the presented menu . for the " from:" option select the time of day you wish to have brightness lowered . un-check the " to:" option , and tap the green " accept " button . on the " task selection " dialog tap the " new task " button and name it " lower screen brightness " and tap the " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add an action , select " display " category , select the " auto brightness " action , select the " off " option on the " set " drop-down , and press the green " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add another action , select " display " category , elect the " display brightness " action , set the desirable low level ( 20 being the lowest recommended setting ) , ensure that both " ignore current level " and " immediate effect " options are checked , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . on the main screen tap the " brightness down " profile once , then tap on its wrench button , and select the " clone " option . tap the newly-cloned profile , tap its wrench button , select the " rename " option and name it " brightness up " . tap on the clock icon , select the " edit " option , change the " from:" time to the time of day when you had like brightness increased , and tap the green " accept " button . now tap on the task itself ( name you gave it in step 5 ) , select " rename " option , name it " increase screen brightness " , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the task again , and select the " edit " option . tap on the " display brightness " action , set the level to a higher setting , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . ensure that on the main screen , the button on bottom-right reads " on " , and exit the tasker app . you should now be all set .
not sure what phone you have got but most of the higher end android phones have light sensors , and you can set the screen to adjust its brightness automatically depending on the ambient light at the time . if you have got the power bar widget on your home screen ( its one of the built-in android widgets since donut ) just tap the far-right brightness icon until it shows an " a " for automatic brightness . alternatively go into settings -> display -> brightness and tick the " automatic brightness " option .
after investigating further and looking at the partitions again , it turns out that i did have a totally full /data/data ( as described in a previous question ) . for posterity , here 's what i did : because diskusage , the app i normally use to investigate partition usage , had locked up as well i fired up terminal emulator ( luckily it was still working ) and followed this advice i found in an xda thread : you can check [ the partition utilization ] by running this command as root : df /data/data if you see % used = 100 then this is your problem . it was , in fact , 100% full . as soon as i moved some apps to my sd card my phone immediately started working again . i must've misread the free space of the partition when i first looked into it ( doh ! ) . the radio issues i was sure were involved ended up being a red herring .
i could have found the solution by myself . not sure because i have not tested it yet . for the backup/restore : titanium backup ( tutorial ) for the downgrade/unroot thing : first i could restore acer 's original recovery via acer recovery installer , then i could downgrade to hc3.0.1 with this i will give it a try it works perfectly ! ! !
a good keyword combination is already given by your question : a music player which should play folder-wise should be found using the keywords " folder play " , " folder player " , and similar combinations . in fact , there are even some players named exactly such , e.g. music folder player , folder player , and many more .
from the email app , press the menu key , then choose settings . pick account settings , then click the account you want to change on the next screen . after that , you have to scroll to the bottom to get more settings , and to the bottom again to change the incoming settings and outgoing settings . samsung appears to have taken lessons from microsoft on hiding important settings behind " advanced " buttons !
android magic not found in boot . img . giving up . i got similar error , when i tried with the rom . zip . then i extracted the zip file " unzip rom . zip " . which gave the following structure . then i extracted the boot . img . drwxr-xr-x 3 vramaraj sw-team 4096 oct 9 2011 data/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 70 may 16 2012 installbusybox drwxr-xr-x 4 vramaraj sw-team 4096 oct 6 19:03 sdcard/ drwxr-xr-x 16 vramaraj sw-team 4096 nov 28 22:14 system/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 4073472 dec 2 22:27 boot . img -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 302938 dec 3 21:14 logo . bin -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 236601691 jan 31 22:18 rom . zip -rwxr-xr-x 1 vramaraj sw-team 6773 jan 31 22:18 split_bootimg . pl* drwxr-xr-x 3 vramaraj sw-team 4096 jan 31 22:19 meta-inf/ -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 3477896 jan 31 22:21 boot . img-kernel -rw-r--r-- 1 vramaraj sw-team 591679 jan 31 22:21 boot . img-ramdisk . gz drwxr-xr-x 2 vramaraj sw-team 4096 jan 31 22:21 ramdisk/
after reading the comment , i spotted the error . . . anirudh@kat ~/downloads/mkboot $ . /unpack-bootimg . pl /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img kernel written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-kernel . gz ramdisk written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz gzip : . . //home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz : no such file or directory cpio : premature end of archive extracted ramdisk contents to directory /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk/ for the boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz - this needs special handling . . . try this : gzip -dc boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i  the way to do it is after unpacking the boot.img , create a directory called something like ramdisk , go into that directory and use gzip -dc ../boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i , the reason is , to organize the structure and files with minimum clutter . gzip decompresses the ramdisk archive to stdout , pipe it into cpio with the -i switch to read from stdin and it will correctly extract the data . to do the reverse , say after making a change here and there within the ramdisk directory : mkbootfs ramdisk/ | gzip &gt; my_new_ramdisk.gz 
that depends on multiple things : if you remove your account from the device , the paid apps most likely will stop working ( if they use google license services to verify their validity ) . so concerning this it was a bad idea to buy those apps specifically for your parents using your account if the device is running at least android 4.2 , you can create separate accounts for your parents , with your own account staying the " owner " ( which means , you would administrate the device for them -- certain actions as e.g. factory reset are limited to the " owner account" ) . in this case you would need to re-install all apps with the new account -- but it would be a " fake-reinstall " ( they will not be doenloaded another time ) . still , above mentioned license issue will remain : each user must pay for the app separateley . no issue for free apps , however -- though if changing the account they might no longer update , as they are " registered " with the old account . this update issue could be fixed using the appbrain app market , which lets you sync the list of apps you have installed with your account ( just one example , there might be other solutions i am currently unaware of , or which might require root ) i know it is possible to have multiple accounts on a device ( see e.g. multiple google accounts and the market ) . but never having tried this , i do not know how that works out . i think it is your parents , so you probably trust them enough to keep your account on the device , just adding a new one for them to use . this might solve the issue with the license stuff for the apps you already bought for them . but keep in mind that , depending on to which account the playstore app defaults then , they might still ending up buying apps with your account . and , of course , they can read your mail -- not only those mails you explicitly send them , but all mail on the bound gmail account : ) however : transfering payed apps between accounts is ( currently ? ) not possible . update : if your tablet is rooted , take a look at multi-user app share . this app permits the " owner " ( first user of the device ) to share apps with other accounts without having them re-download those from google 's playstore . as for now , it is not tested thoroughly with paid apps , but should ( at least partly ) work . check the app 's description and comments for details .
if any app takes significant time to open , it means that app is heavy on resources and/or there is high load on system . before bringing any app in memory , android first makes room for it in memory ( technically , it happens based on minfree value even if there is room for that app ) . so , to solve the issue , do these things : reduce load from system . less running apps in memory means less probability of minfree based ju-ju . use a lightweight camera app . lightweight apps are loaded in memory faster and again there is less probability of minfree based ju-ju . there are many lightweight camera apps in play store . just , search " fast camera " .
try instacamera pro from google play store . it starts very fast and has preferences to start camera and takes photo just by a single touch from home screen of your phone : instacamera is the quickest way to take a photo with your phone . there is no long process : just press the widget and it takes a photo , then closes just as quickly . the paid pro version is supposed to be faster than the free version .
actually there is plenty android anti-malware solutions . here 's a list ordered by the best results according to av-test - the independent it-security institute and the latest test results performed during february and march 2012 , where were reviewed 41 different solutions . detection rates of 90% and above : avast ! free mobile security dr . web anti-virus light f-secure mobile security ikarus mobile . security lite kaspersky mobile security lookout security and antivirus mcafee mobile security myandroid protection nq mobile security zoner antivirus free to quote : the best products in our tests ( with detection rates of 90% and above ) come from the following top 10 companies , listed in alphabetic order : avast , dr . web , f-secure , ikarus , kaspersky , lookout , mcafee , myandroid protection , nq mobile and zoner . users of products made by these companies can be assured that they are protected against malware .
there is no incompatibility for backups/restores between cwm versions 2 . x , 3 . x and 4 . x . both the filenames and the contents of the backup files will be the same . with the cwm version 5 . x : it can read and restore the backup files created by all the older versions of cwm . if you create a backup with 5 . x , an try to restore it in one of the older cwm versions , two issues come up : file formats : the contents of /data and /sdcard/.android_secure are now in tar files instead of the old yaffs2 image files . filenames : the backup filenames have changed from partition_name.img to partition_name.fstype.ext . to answer your question : since you have files like the partition_name.fstype.ext , they refer to a backup from the cwm version 5 . x . e.g. , your file system.ext3.tar is from the partition system , using file system ext3 and backed up within a .tar file .
the droid 2 does not have fastboot mode ; its bootloader is locked . fastboot mode is really just the bootloader mode in other phones , like nexus phones . out of curiosity , where exactly did you hear that the d2 had a fastboot mode , and why do you want to access it ?
there is currently no way to set a system-wide policy for this . some apps do support doing things on wifi only , however . here 's some info on the apps you mentioned : you can go into the browser settings and uncheck load images . gmail does not load images unless you view a message and click a button to display them . i believe the touiteur twitter client allows you to disable images .
i believe this could be done with tasker but it would be a very long and complex setup ( actually several ) and you had need to know the specific intents that turn the images off in each application .
you can indeed . disclaimer : rooting may brick your device and invalidate your carrier and manufacturer warranty . i did not write the guide below ( full credit is due to the poster on xda developers , and i have left the words ' my ' in place but it is his work ) , and it is your responsibility to check you are happy to proceed . here be dragons . this guide was written in july of 2013 and i can not say for sure if it will work on android 4.3 and your particular bootloader at all . i have not tested this method . rooting form a pc is easier and has less scope for human errors and is liklier to work in general . this xda thread is relating to the sprint version but should apply to the s3 general . prerequisites the following files are attached to this post for convenience . download and install the apps , download and extract the zip file somewhere convenient . superuser by koush ( must be this one . you can change it later if you so desire . ) terminal emulator by jack palevich ( must be this one ) zip file , extracted somewhere convenient the goods these generic names will be used : /path/to/motochopperdir - this is the full path to the extracted motochopper-mobile directory or folder . example : /sdcard/motochopper-mobile ( will vary depending on where you extracted the files ) . note : after running the script , motochopper may or may not print " failed " , but the exploit does indeed work regardless of this . make sure you reboot for changes to take effect . download the attached zip file and both apps . install terminal emulator and superuser ( use a file manager , navigate to the downloaded . apk files and click on each file to install them ) . open up terminal emulator and type the following commands . press the enter key after each command . code : from there , my setup . sh script will handle the rest of the process . if you are still unsure , see my sample run below . sample run ( files were extracted to /sdcard/moto ) the links : android term . apk super user motochopper
to my knowledge , there is no computer-less method of rooting the samsung galaxy s3 unfortunately .
so a new qmobile user ? let me explain buddy ! the roms you get from these developers ( incpak for example ) are neither tested nor developed correctly . they just create a rom and upload it somewhere just to show off there names . what you are facing is something like a rom issue , the rom you installed is not able to access the kernel or firmware or blabla , or is having some other issues . i would like to advise you to please reinstall the rom ! if you can . secondly please try to understand that when you install a new rom , everything from previous rom is removed , and new are installed ( flashed ) . so , when you install a new rom cwm is also removed , and stock recovery is placed there ! so you cannot access cwm now . and unfortunately you know that when you are not able to use cwm you cannot flash new roms ( without any issues ; stock roms can also update the firmware or other stuff ) . now what happened to your phone is , that its not bricked ! if it was bricked , then it might not even had started as the name suggests " brick " . its working but accessing the cache , or booloader ! you must try to wipe everything ! what you can do will be : reinstall the rom but this time try to wipe out all data , wipe data/ factory reset wipe cache advanced --> wide dalvik cache install rom from sdcard --> choose --> rom_name . zip i try this everytime to install the rom for my qmobile noir a8 ( yes , i was bit by same snake named incpak ) . so this method should work ! you cannot replace the system files , without being rooted ! and you said you are having a new rom , so this is almost impossible ! however , if you manage to remove this cwm , and go back to the basic recovery , you might get lucky to replace the cwm by using the install zip from sdcard and enter the zip for cwm and believe me , never ever try to flash a rom created or shared by them ! they are not developers they are kid messing stuff out ! try to spread this message too . hope you get something , if not the stock rom , then atleast some rom to run your phone !
which method did you use to install cwm recovery ? this guide states that installing from rom manager is not ok . personally , i did not get my mtk device working with cwm recovery . you should probably try some other recoveries ( e . g . twrp ) and flash it through spflashtool ( as the most stable method ) .
there are lots of scanners like that . query " bluetooth document scanner for android " about 15 will show up . 5 at least from amazon
android has usb host capabilities as of 3.2 . accusoft usb scanner is a well made app that lets you take advantage of this and connect many usb scanner models directly to your phone or tablet . accusoft usb scanner accusoft usb scanner on play store
as far as i know , there is not a way to connect a usb scanner to an android device - most if not all phones do not have a usb host in any form . i suppose someone could hack an adapter into the microsd port , but it would be a lot of work . you will have to use a laptop or computer .
try to look for bluetooth scanners . android supports bluetooth and there is sdk api for it so you could create your own app to receive and process data from scanner . one such device i could find : http://www.planon.com/products/docupen/xseries
easiest way . check your packaging . look for model describtion on the back of the other label . either z520 or z560 , the z520 is s4 , 560 is s3 . from wikipedia : processor and memory one version of the one s uses a qualcomm snapdragon s4 . . . in certain markets the one s uses the older snapdragon s3 . . . the two versions have slightly different packaging , the s4 is model z520e/z520m and states " processor : dual core , 1.5ghz"/"cpu speed 1.5 ghz , dual core , whereas the s3 is model z560e and states " processor : dual core " .
what other apps related to mobile data are you using ? is there any battery saver app that are using ? they can turn your data on or off automatically . whatsapp does not have the permission to enable mobile data . so it must be some other app . still you can use 3g watchdog to check if whatsapp is the culprit .
the talk app has now been replaced with hangouts . unlike talk , hangouts allows switching from one account to another . however , like most apps , you can not have two apps that are the same ( i.e. . a copy of an app ) running at the same time . so , it would not be possible to have multiple hangouts accounts active simultaneously on the same phone .
using the llama app , you can set up a “silent” profile with ring and notification volume set to zero , then add some people to the “noisy” contacts list in the profile to be able to hear rings from them ( not sure about sms ) . you can either select the needed profile manually , or add rules to switch them automatically ( according to the current time or any other events supported by llama — there are lots of automation possibilities there ) . note that in this case people who call you will just get no answer ( although your operator might support some form of call redirection after a timeout ) . other call blocking apps may have different behavior ( e . g . , immediately redirect unwanted calls to voicemail ) , but llama cannot do anything with incoming calls except silencing the ring .
i think ultimate call blocker free might be what you are looking for . you could also try some of these : call control call blocker
try this : take/ generate a public key of your android device . do not you ever hardcode your password into scripts : ) put it into .ssh/authorized_keys on main computer then use "from=" mask to limit ip/hostname to your lan , like from="192.168.1.*" . if ip range will not work , set up a fixed hostname for mac address of your device on wlan . some ap firmwares , like openwrt , allow it .
in order to do this , you would need a rooted phone , and flash a custom rom with the htc interface ( called sense ) built in . depending on your phone , it may or may not be there ( more likely not ) .
if you can not turn the phone on , you are screwed . i am not sure what you think the internal storage is apart from " electronics": it is a chip soldered to the main board of your phone . next time , try to make a backup before you get your phone wet . it is much easier that way .
internal storage does not not use the circuitry in the phone . there is no telling what is been fried , but an audible sound is not good . next time you drop your phone in water , let it dry before you try using it . plug the phone into a pc using it is data cable . if it mounts , extract the data . if it does not mount , check the pc 's device manager and see if any devices are showing up in the list that are not being recognized by your os . if there is nothing there , then you are pretty much out of luck .
i have noticed that when i connect my phone with high voltage socket for charging it always shows charging percentage , but when i use a low voltage socket ( using extension box , spike or similar things ) it shows only " charging " .
open the phone app . tap the number *#*#4636#*#* before you can hit dial , a screen with some info will pop up , including an option for battery info . tap that and it will list . source : droid incredible
go into your contacts tab . press menu > display options you can then select ' display only contacts with phones ' also there is a list of accounts with ' choose contacts to display ' above it . if you select each one of these you can choose which groups to hide or show , this may be were the numbers are being hidden . also within your text messaging app , you can press : menu > settings and there is a setting that says ' only mobile numbers ' deselect this as sometimes it hides numbers thinking they are not phone numbers when they are !
i finally found the solution for this problem . follow these steps : backup all your contacts open appmanager and goto " all " tab search for this app " contacts storage " and clear its data reboot device restore your contacts . . . done .
hiromacro auto-touch macro works well for me .
i am the author of macrodroid and i have some experimental ( root only ) features in development to do this but have not yet released anything in the public version . i have an action called " launch and press " that allows you to launch an app and record a series of touch events and they will then be played back at the same rate . basic touch events work ok , but scrolling is handled very poorly . there is also the issue of device compatibility as i am testing on a few devices but handling all devices may be problematic . i will probably first introduce a more simplified action called touch screen which will just produce a single screen touch . by combining a sequence of touch events simple app navigation should be do-able . if you are interested in beta testing any of this please send an email to : support@macrodroid . com
autotap might work for your needs . it can be found on the google play market . this post was written by the author of autotap . more info can be found on our website auto-tap.com.
the only app i know of that works fine is " android bot maker " ( xda link here ) sadly , it can not record the touches , but you can set it manually yourself , by finding out the coordinates by enabling " show pointer location " on the developers category of the os settings .
i have developed such an app called repetitouch . it is currently in beta stage and aimed at developers , but a limited free version is available here . however , it needs a rooted device running android 2.3 or later . as far as i know , currently no other app with this functionality exists , but there are some tools/scripts providing such features using a computer and an usb connection , e.g. , here . anyway , i discourage any use of any such apps or tools for farming .
have you tried im+ ? it mentions that for the skype function you need to use an in-app purchase . however it has good reviews overall , however i am not sure what the battery drain is like .
i use this im+ pro . it has a option to add skype too but i have not used skype on im pro coz i dont have an skype account . this is a paid application .
this is very likely to be a problem with the touchscfeen hardware . to test this , try installing a drawing/painting app from google play . open the app , get into painting mode , and leave it for a minute . if you start getting paint appearing at the same point ( where the 2 abc soft key shows up ) , you know that part of the touchscreen is not working . in the same way , try painting in the app and check whether any parts of the screen can not be painted on . if there are any stuck parts of the screen , you can try giving them a wipe with a slightly damp , soapy cloth . turn the phone off to do that , and make sure you dry the screen before trying to use it again . if that does not solve the problem , you are left with sending the phone back to the shop , or making a warranty claim , depending on how long you have had the problem .
it uses wifi , rather than bluetooth , but other than that it sounds like you could use an app like sharetext ? from sharetext 's description : share text with wifi on pc or other device using your browser . copy/paste between phone and pc . you can copy the text from pc to phone , from phone to pc , from this phone to another phone , from phone to any browser .
i had the same symptoms while cooking a rom when the symlink of /system/bin/sh to mksh was missing .
try mind map memo . easy to add new branches with a simple swipe but not as powerful as thinking space .
i have been using the app thinking space . certainly not as efficient but good if i want to map a quick idea out .
i am wondering if this is not a knockoff android with a different os that is skinned to look like android , or one that is running some kind of weird custom rom . there are a huge number of " android " tablets and phones coming out of china lately ; some are legit and some are not . if you look at sites like dealextreme.com, you will see some pretty wild stuff . if it is an actual android phone , the contacts can be synced from a gmail account , or manually added in contacts . unless the phone has a sim card and you are saving contacts directly to the sim , you will not really run into a hard limit on phonebook entries . the small phonebook , the " unsupported media " error and the missing applications menu makes me a little suspicious that the phone might not be what it seems . i would be extremely interested to see some pictures of the phone if possible . aside from general interest ( i am sort of a knockoff phone enthusiast , if there is such a thing ) , maybe some photos would help us figure out what type of phone it is and whether or not you will be able to load any apps on it somehow .
i have heard from various sources that facebook ( and other companies , frankly ) do track geo-locations for various purposes , the first and foremost being that they want to serve you ads that you usually see around the web . i have also seen that they really do snoop around a lot ( on all of your devices , and yes , even without an account ) , so geo-locations are probably just the tip of the iceberg . you might want to check your privacy settings for facebook just to see what data is being collected . if you are tired of facebook eating up the storage on your mom 's phone , uninstalling should take care of that . of course , if you want your mom to be out of facebook 's peering eyes , good luck , because you really can never escape facebook trackers unless you suspend yourself from technology . hope this helped .
newer android versions let you disable applications you do not want but cannot uninstall . these pre-installed apps are usually in /system/app/youtube . apk as an example . to remove : - root your device - uninstall app updates using normal settings -> app manager - make a backup of your /system/app/appname . apk adb shell , su , - mount -o remount , rw /system - rm /system/app/appname . * - sync , reboot ( do press enter where i did a ' , ' ) - as long as your adb is still working , you can safely restore apps you removed and want back again . but do not forget the file permissions ! do a ls -laf in this folder before , note the permissions , and set them again accordingly after restoring . have fun !
what is your final goal ? you can try to root it using towelroot ( its an apk that just roots the device ) . or something else . exploit roots are nice , as they are not changing your boot partition and let you clone the original one later on . i never used the command you mentioned , i always used dd . adb shell su dd if=/dev/block/platform/ . . . . /by-name/boot of=/data/local/tmp/oboot . img chmod 777 /data/local/tmp/oboot . img exit exit adb pull /data/local/tmp/oboot . img there is another option : download the official firmware from the net , unzip and untar it and you will have all your partition images ready . this is an example for samsung devices : http://samsung-updates.com/ if you would tell us more about the device you are using , we could help you much better . ( device name , hardware tag/number like gt-i9505 , android and firmware version ) good luck !
according to this thread on blenderartists , sensor size is 4.54 × 3.42 mm and focal length is 3.7mm , which gives a crop factor of 7.7 and a 35mm-equiv . focal length of 28.5 mm . be careful to check if the video is cropped in comparison to the still images , reducing the effective sensor size .
actually , with 2.3.5 . x version of gmail app , google added more notification options , although well hidden within the settings . in the main screen of the gmail app : press the menu key , go to more -> settings . tap on your google account , scroll down to the Notification settings section and ensure the Email notifications option is enabled . on the same screen , tap on the Labels to notify option . here " inbox " and " priority inbox " are always listed , as well as any labels you have created on the gmail 's web interface . for each label that you want to specify or change notification options , tap on the label , and in the pop-up window you will be able to select the following options : email notifications : whether or not to display the icon in the notification area when new e-mail comes in . ringtone : allows you to specify a custom ringtone , or set to " silent " for none . vibrate : specifies options for when/if to also vibrate on new mail . notify once : when checked , will only display notifications ( and sound/vibrate ) once for new mail until you dismiss it , otherwise will notify for each new e-mail . tap OK button , exit out of the settings , and you should be all set .
odin is samsung-only , you are right . ( and as far as i know it is not for all samsung phones either , though i could be wrong on that . ) since heimdall is , as far as i know , just an unofficial port of odin i would assume it is the same , but i have never used it . odin3 has a " dump " function that i had never used . it seems to be disabled in v1.8x and v1.7 , but not in v1.52 . i just tried it in v1.52 and it did not work . you hit the dump checkmark under Option , select an output file via the dump button under File [Dump] , then hit start . odin will say " onenand dump start " or similar as it backs up the device . it only backed up 1 kb of something before halting , though . odin just sat there without giving an error message . you might have different results with a different device ( i have a vibrant ) . i am also wondering whether my ext4 lagfix might be affecting this . perhaps later i will flash to stock 2.1 and try again . edit : no change on stock 2.1 jfd .
do you use any custom kernel or do you have stock factory default ? if you do not have stock then there is no recovery . if you have a custom kernel , you should press the vol down button when you see the kernel logo . that is because custom kernels have cwm recovery integrated , because xperia 2011 phones do not have a the recovery partition . for solution to your problem , you should use seus , that is the only way to fix a bootloop with stock kernel . you can download it from here : http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/tools/update-service/ the software is self-explanatory and will guide you how to enter into flash mode . here 's a tutorial on how to use seus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_ocgb6asqq
is your boot-loader unlocked via sony unlocking tool ? caveat emptor you will lose data proceeding below ! quoted directly : what phones can be unlocked ? to check if you phone can be unlocked , follow the steps below : first , you should confirm that it is possible to unlock the boot loader of your phone by checking the service menu . in your phone , open the dialler and enter # #7378423# # to access the service menu . in your phone , tap service info > configuration > rooting status . if bootloader unlock allowed says yes , then you can continue with the next step . if it says no , or if the status is missing , your device cannot be unlocked . if the above says it cannot be unlocked , then you cannot unlock it and flash a custom rom , you are out of luck ! follow the answer below by another poster who is 100% correct in usage of sus ( see below further down in my answer ) to reset it . if it says it can , then go ahead and follow the instructions to unlock the boot-loader . you will lose your settings . then go to xda and install legacyxperia which has the custom clockworkmod recovery which can be activated by toggling the volume buttons upon start-up . the quirk about the semc 2011 line of handsets is - there is no actual recovery partition , the custom boot image found within legacyxperia handles the necessary loading of the recovery if the volume keys are pressed , and if not , continues loading android as usual . oh and by the way , you might notice on some websites , where it governs using fastboot , it will say something like this : fastboot flash boot boot.img - that is incorrect ! you must specify fastboot -i 0xfce flash boot boot.img , its the -i 0xfce part that is omitted . it will not work without it . if you wish to use a more powerful tool unlike sus tool ( sony companion tool that checks for firmware updates ) , you can use this tool called flashtool which can do a lot more than the sus software itself , such as re-locking the boot-loader ( if reverting back to stock ) . the above is for the more adventurous kind of person , if not the other answer by the poster is more suited .
i use both google+ instant upload and dropbox photo uploading features . you can indicate whether or not to upload on wifi only if you prefer preventing surprise overages if you do not have an unlimited data plan . this also provides a nice cloud backup/storage facility .
bluetooth is a rather slow choice when it comes to transferring bigger files : to transfer 10 mb , you'ld need . . . bt 2 . * ( 2.1 mbit/s ) ~ 40s bt 3 . * ( 24 mbit/s ) ~ 4s wifi g ( 54 mbit/s ) ~ 2s and with bt , the range is quite limited as well . most devices probably still use bt 2 standard . how to transfer your files then ? you might want to check the most frequented questions of the " file-transfer " tag for that . the usual method ( if you do not want any " questionable third-party tools " involved ) is to connect your device to your pc using the usb cable -- which then should mount your device storage like a drive . you could also use some third-party tools ( they are not all " questionable" ) to manage your device via wifi -- airdroid would be a good choice for that . for transferring data between android devices , you could use wifi-direct . again , there are some good 3rd party tools to help , as e.g. superbeam or wifishare .
just wanted to update this in case anyone else cares . this and many other streaming audio issues seem fixed in the latest ota : 3.70.651.1
you are probably sol since the battery is dead by now . still , on the off-chance it is not , check out plan b ( described at http://www.digitaltrends.com/mobile/how-to-track-a-cell-phone/ ) . when you install an app through the play store on the computer , it is automatically installed on your phone . if you used some service that syncs photos or other data somewhere else ( e . g . syncing photos to picasa ) then you could find everything you backed up there . if you did not , then you assumed this risk by placing all your eggs in one basket and never transferring data off of your phone . perhaps your service provider had some automatic backup software running ( e . g . verizon backup ) in which case you could contact them to ask how to recover data . the fact is , if your data was that important , you should have taken steps to protect it ahead of time , and you should not have waited so long to try and locate the device ; and now you are faced with the consequences of that negligence . if you choose to keep all of your critical data on , say , a thumb drive , or an external hard drive , or a cd/dvd-rom , and you have no backups and you lose that device , then , whoops , that is the risk you assumed by keeping it all in one place . it is the same with your smartphone . steps to protect it include anything that generally backs up your data elsewhere ( be it specialized software that syncs photos , or general software e.g. mybackup pro ) , and any software that may help you locate the phone if it is lost ( see the link above for more tips there ) .
after moving the app off the sd card to the phone i did not even have to take the sd card out , it updated fine . check with following links 1: http://www.androidpolice.com/2011/04/19/fixing-the-couldnt-install-on-usb-storage-or-sd-card-problem-on-android/ 2: http://www.newbiehelper.net/2011/05/solve-install-on-usb-storage-or-sd-card.html
you can find the file smdl2tmp1.asec in the folder /mnt/secure/asec/ . as dario said erase it : )
a fix i have found and that works is to mount the sd card on a pc , open the * . android_secure* folder and delete a file named smdl2tmp1 . asec . it seems that it is a leftover file from a previous ( failed ? ) installation/update that prevents another update to run correctly .
found out that firefox mobile can do this by going to about:config  in adressbar and setting permissions.default.images 3  1=load all images , 2=no images 3=only images from current url saves a lot of bandwidth ( e . g . user avatars on stackexchange not loaded , while with " no image loading " one doesnt see voting arrows ) . i just do not like mobile views of sites that much . add-on would be nice to easily switch this config setting for single website like quick image addon on firefox desktop . if dolphin hd had this feature it would be unbeatable . unfortunately firefox is lacking speed and tap gestures of dolphin .
kindle has a built-in dictionary that you can download . when you highlight a word , it shows the meaning to you . is that not good enough ? screenshot ( click for larger variant )
boat browser has a floating tab feature that can minimize to the notification bar ( pulldown menu ) . you can also resize this window . it is the closest i can recommend . boat browser ( click for larger image )
the answer to this question is that no , neither android nor my carrier are arbitrarily blocking traffic on high-numbered ports . the problem is that i had forgotten how paranoid i am about security and that , in addition to making ssh listen on a non-standard port , i had also created an iptables rule to only allow connections to that port from my home ip address and my work ip address . obviously i was using a different ip address when attempting to connect via my phone , hence the failure to connect . ( and i probably did not look hard enough when prompted by @izzy to check server logs , because i am sure there is a record of the blocked connection attempt in there somewhere ) . d'oh . . . my apologies for wasting people 's time , but in case anybody else thinks they have a problem with android or their carrier arbitrarily blocking ports , hopefully this answer will prompt them to triple check everything about their connection , including their server firewall , before they go off logging tickets .
odd that it was not pre-installed . i think your best bet would probably be to search xda-dev and install a separate google talk apk .
i thought that may be i could share the apk file through bluetooth from another phone and i succeed . here are the steps : all the steps are for the phone which already has gtalk installed . open file manager . go to system ( outside sdcard ) -> applications . search talk . apk . send it to the phone where you want to install gtalk by bluetooth ( or any other way ) . once talk . apk is already in your phone , just click it to install the app . i think ( not sure ) the second step requires rooting . also i am pretty sure that the native file manager does not allow you to go up from sdcard . i would need something like es file manager or astro file manager .
i had this problem too for a long time but have found that the key to stopping this glitch is to turn off the predictive text option in the keyboard settings every time you experience the 1st character input only problem . personally , i like the predictive text being on 99% of the time , but some web pages ( email providers mainly ) are not configured for predictive text to be used , so i keep predictive text on and just turn it off whenever i come across a web page where i experience the 1st character input only problem . to turn it on/off simply hit the cog button on the keyboard and where it says predictive text , just swipe the slider to the left , to the off position . this will allow whole words to be typed instead of just 1 character at a time . then , once you have finished typing , you can hit the cog again and turn predictive text back on .
not really , no . it is generally up to each individual app to control how often it checks for updates and raises notifications . not all apps allow you to control that ( except , of course , for turning off notifications for that app altogether . )
the way whatsapp authentication works , is that it sends a sms to the number for verification . this means that you will not be able to re-authenticate to that account without access to the phone number ( as you have said in your comment ) a possible work around is if you root your device , you can backup the whatsapp data using something like titanium backup and then restore it on the fresh install . depending on how their authentication keys work you may trick the app into still using your old account .
i managed to fix the problem myself in the end . the solution : i has to flash the boot . img file . to do this : download the cm update from here that matches the update you installed . make sure you choose the correct device as well . ( htc one x is " endeavoru" ) unzip the file , and copy the boot . img file to c:\android\android-sdk\tools ( or wherever you have the android dev stuff installed ) . boot your phone into the bootloader ( power button + volume down for htc one x ) and choose fastboot from the menu , using the volume buttons to go up and down the list and the power button to choose . connect your phone to your pc via usb . it will install fastboot drivers . open a command prompt window and cd to the \tools directory mentioned above . run the command fastboot devices to make sure your phone is connected . if it shows , run fastboot flash boot boot.img to flash the boot . img file to your phone . finally run fastboot reboot to restart the phone . your phone will go through the " android is upgrading " process and you should be back in business once that finishes . you will also need to flash gapps or any other custom mods/addons you had installed before upgrading . there are plenty of guides online explaining how to do this .
have you tried to wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition ? this worked for me when i flashed the rom on my galaxy s3 .
a faster way odo it is download the cm rom to yu micro sd card and istall the update ( by the waythis only works if you have a clowckwokod or teamwin recovery ) then install then go to installupdatefromsdcard1> downloads ( or whatever folder it may be in ) > yes and let it insall , the n re-root the device after update is installed then after root file is complete reboot into recovery and reset device and reboot after that it works
it does not look like you can control the data connection for your facebook notifications . you can have notifications on or off . you might consider increasing your notification interval to reduce the impact of the notifications . ( i see no need to receive fbook notifications every 30 minutes . ) there may be a tasker ( et al . ) " recipe " which can turn on/off facebook notifications based on location , existence of wi-fi , etc . , but i do not have any knowledge there .
try installing an app firewall such as droidwall ( needs root ) and disallow 3g access for the facebook app .
switch the sim , answer no when whatsapp asks you to switch numbers . ref : stackexchange-url if you switch sim after installing whatsapp , you are good to go with the old number . the servers " save " your activation phone number during that initial sms . i tested it on my own phone ( it is a gingerbread p1000n - all hail the venerable p1000 ) with a borrowed sim card , the app just kept sending messages with my old phone number . whatsapp did not ask to switch numbers . there is a " change number " setting . if you reinstall the app while switching sim , then you have to restart and get a new number . about what is usually done when travelling , i can say from the world cup visitors we received , several just bought a new temporary sim card after arriving here in brazil . the local phone companies even set up special and attractive prepaid plans for the football fans . ymmv anyway , and you should check your home carrier overseas fees and the local fares . usually you can get a better deal buying a trowaway sim . here in brazil we even do it when traveling to another state . if you want to keep your number and still enjoy the reduced local mobile internet fees , you can try and get any old android device that can do tethering ( or buy a unlocked mobile hotspot ) , and then insert the other sim into that device , then tether the internet to your main phone using the old phone as a mobile hotspot . just turn off data and use wi-fi . on verizon 's global ( not really global ) plan , i urge you to read what peter shankman wrote of his personal experiences with that . my advice , is : do not . or if you do , monitor closely your fees .
from the question comments , you have not calibrated your battery ( in a long time or ever ) . you need to do a proper calibration : do a full charge of the device 's battery . use the device until it turns off on its own . do a full discharge of the battery . one neat trick is to get some game that has wakelock ( does not let the screen turns off ) and leave it running with the device on a well-ventilated place . after the device dies of low battery , wait for it to cool down and turn it on and use it a bit more . when it refuses to turn on at all , its fully discharged . plug it in and let it charge to max . this will set the flags for full and empty battery , and the meters should be accurate . if the problem persists , your battery may be damaged . if the device 's battery is still under warranty , take it to the service center .
have you tried plan b ? you can install it from the market after you have lost your phone and use it to find it is current location . for your next phone , i would recommend cerberus - i reviewed a bunch of security apps , and it is definitely the clear winner .
if the data was not encrypted : everything . the data on the removable sd-card can be easily accessed , just like a lost usb-memory-stick . the internal flash storage can also be read out via some , admittedly sophisticated but practical possible , approaches . afaik no data that you sync with the google cloud is encrypted . it is always wise to install some remote wipe tool , like pyko said . even if they are not foolproof and can not provide a " secure delete " functionality , they provide some security and raise the bar to read out your data . hint : the an . sx security tag provides some further related information for such cases .
you can back up your sd card to a pc by mounting it from the pc or over the network with a number of different syncing tools . this will not backup each application 's state unless they specifically have exported configuration to the sd card . this will include all your pictures . you cannot back up application state ( to a pc ) without root . see the other " possible duplicates " and " related " questions for how and why this is . there is supposedly a backup api built into android ( developer guide ) but i have yet to see that actually be used , or see any reports by others of it working .
best bet would be to check System settings &gt; My device &gt; Language and input &gt; Samsung keyboard (gear icon) &gt; Predictive text (make sure this is on / green) . you might want to check on the Learn from (word) items there .
when the suggestion is shown above the keyboard , just tap and hold on that word . it will give you the option to delete it . you do not need to clear the complete database just for that !
goto system settings> applications open the tab of all applications open the info of the keyboard you use and click on the button ' clear data ' then press back and open the info of ' user dictionary ' and press on ' clear data ' all your auto-correct saves have been cleared . . . . enjoy !
an older question , would apple earpods work on my android phone ? , says the earpods do not work for android phones . however , a question on apple 's site , will the earpods work with other smartphones and audio devices ? , says it works on some android phones , especially on newer ones . in google play , there is remotecontrol for earphones , which might be useful , but i can not say for sure . i do not have an earpod .
without root : no , for security reasons this command is only accessible for the superuser . standard firmware , rooted : yes , if the partition you like to remount is not in a locked flash region ( htc calls that s-on/s-off )
you have to go to the path /sdcard/data/colornote/BACKUP/ and there should be the idx and dat files . if you have them and you want to backthem up , it asks for the password . i solved this problem by adding another android device . take another android phone and install colornote make a new note and save it go to settings and turn off auto sync . now you can backup manual it will ask you about a new master password ( type in 0000 or whatever ) now connect your android phone and copy the whole folder and paste it into the second device in the same colornote folder /sdcard/data/colornote/backup/ start colornote on the second device . if you go to backups , you will see the backup from your first device the backup will work now and you can easily write it down or take pictures of your notes to put them back on your first device .
check out this page on the app inventor website on how to use app inventor with an emulator .
there is a bluetooth connect and play app that can intercept the incoming " play " command . while it was originally designed to let you start a specific music app playing when a specific bluetooth device connects , you can instead select " stop music from playing " to keep any app from starting when the car connects .
i got it back . for answer check the xda forum with same question . . anybody in same condition . . please visit the link . .
the nearest i can think of is - generate a pdf and use that with some pdf reader such as ezpdf reader . . . but . . . having said that - android does not have any facility to support printing ( in any shape or form ) so you may be out of luck with that ! developers have often struggled with this and resorted to using the option to generate a pdf . . it is an oft-common question on stackoverflow on how to accomplish this ! who knows , maybe google noticed and realized that , just wait and see with the often rumoured key-lemon pie or lemon meringue later on , just watch this space ! : ) edit : there was another question that was asked here previously . google cloud printing , printershare as per the answers on that question was mentioned . amendment #1: the reason no print facility is there is because it is not a wysiwg environment ( what you see is what you get ) unlike windows which has a huge range of print driver support for all sorts including pdf . the itext library is what developers struggle with - different pages , fonts , etc - it is a big technical feat . . . just saying : )
one idea would be to use the kindle for android app on your device and email the documents to your kindle app using your send-to-kindle email address . the missing link is a printer driver that sends print jobs via email . a quick search indicates that several are available . here 's a seemingly popular one for windows .
i would go with a print-to-pdf driver on the windows or mac end , and set it up to save stuff to a dropbox . on the android side , keep dropsync or equivalent running on the android device , auto-downloading stuff as it shows up . to get the ' instant ' , you will have to set dropsync up to check frequently , or trigger it manually . without writing it yourself , you are very unlikely to find something running on android that pretends to be a printer - it is just not a normal thing that most people want to do .
you can download this app ( adbwireless ) and connect to it via wireless , using the wifi without the cable you can connect directly via a address as shown by the widget/app . usually its the following : adb connect 192.168.1.x:5555 
you have to tell adb to use tcpip adb tcpip 5555 adb connect 10.0.0.2  then to go back to usb mode adb usb 
you need this soft which capture packet on android http://lost-and-found-narihiro.blogspot.ru/2012/11/packet-capture-on-android-tpacket.html
how to find out what is going on as this problem can have many causes , it is important to first figure out the real culprit . without knowing that , attempted solutions are nothing but guesswork , and the process nothing but try-and-err . so here are a few steps : is it a hardware error on the card ? put the card in a different device . it the same problems occur there , we can rule out your problem is with the device , and it is rather the card . is the card corrupted ? you can put the card in a card reader , attach it to your computer , and have it checked there . with a terminal app , you could try the same from within your device , using the /sbin/fsck.vfat tool – but on your computer , graphical tools might assist you . check the android logs for related errors : our logging tag-wiki gives you some hints on how to do this . especially useful might be our question on how can i view and examine the android log ? the third step lead directly to the cultprit ( s ) in your case : corrupted files . deleting those made the card usable again . so next , let 's check a few possible causes : what could be possible culprits ? the card could be physically corrupted . in this case , the same errors should occur on other devices , and as well on your computer when using a card reader . only solution for this is to replace the card with a new one , as a " physical repair " is not possible . there might be problems with the contacts . here a few things could be tried , like cleaning the contacts of the card . if the same problem occurs with any card you put in your device , it is rather the device itself – in which case you had have to send it in for service . logical corruption of the cards file-system : the file system can get corrupted . this e.g. happens when you disconnect the card without cleanly unmounting it first . while in such a case the same problems should show up in any device using the card , some might be " more tolerant " on errors than others . so it does not hurt to check the file-system for errors – see step 2 in " how to find out " for checking . if there are errors found , the same tools usually can solve them . re-formatting the card would be a last resort for this as well . corrupted files on the card : the card might be physically perfect , and have no issues in the file-system . but in some cases , corrupted files might led to problems as well – especially if occuring on " central files " android is always looking for on the card when it is mounted ( in the /Android subdirectory , or while scanning for media ) . if you can read the card using a card-reader on your pc , you can make a backup there and then format the card – copying the files back one-by-one until the error occurs again , and then skip those corrupted files . easier approach is the one you have taken on my recommendation in the comments : check androids logs ( see step 3 on " how to find out" ) , and simply delete the culprits ( again , via a card reader – as you cannot do so on the device itself , which does not correctly mount the card anymore ) . possible solutions have already be mentioned along the lines , together with the related causes : cleaning the contacts of the card checking the card for file-system errors and , if there are any , have them repaired formatting the card 1 checking the android logs for other hints ( e . g . corrupted files , which then should be removed ) 1: remark : switching to an alternative file-system type does not affect whether formatting helps , but rather might lead to additional issues – as not all file-system types are supported by android . which are , differs from device to device , and depends on the rom used : vfat is the default shipping with most cards , and hence always supported . extfs is mostly supported as android uses it internally ( but might not be automatically detected , as it is not expected here ) . other types such as ntfs or hfs are very unlikely to be supported
try your sdcard with other mobile or a card reader . make sure its properly working .
looks like this phone does not support flashing partitions via the fastboot utility . according to this guide you will first need to root the phone by following the instructions from here : download the latest version of framaroot and side-load the apk . open framaroot select the action to perform . select “install supersu” . in the rooting menu , select an exploit in list above to potentially root your device as barahir or boromir and proceed further . the rooting has now started and you will be getting an awesome success message . after the end of the installation process , reboot your device and you can now enjoy the rooted lenovo s920 . after the phone is rooted , you will need to do the following : download cwm for lenovo s920 and extract it to the root of your sd card . install mobile uncle app from google play store . once installed , launch it from your app drawer . select “recovery update” from the menu . the tool will search your sdcard automatically and find your “recovery . img” file . select the recovery under “recovery file in sdcard” . click “ok” it will ask you if you want to reboot into recovery . click ok to confirm that your phone boots in cwm recovery . if installing recovery . img doesn’t work on first time , no problem , after reboot install it again through same procedure . this installs the recovery temporarily . if you wish to install it permanently , also do the following : install root explorer and run it . mount the system partition to read/write . navigate to /system/ and delete the file named " recovery-from-boot . p " . re-install cwm as described above .
is this a sd card that you have used for a long time on other devices ? do you , or have you , done a lot of writing to it ? sd cards have a limited lifespan , so the less amount of writing you can do to it , the better . you might want to do a chkdsk on it to see if it finds any bad sectors . if you find any , that would be your culprit . i have had sd cards last for about a year and then files start disappearing , etc . that is when i would use it for everything - as the main sd card ( swapping it ) , which means a lot of writing as apps save their data , backing up nightly with titanium backup , saving photos , caching , etc . once i learned about the limited lifespan of sd cards , i finally retrained myself to not use it as the main sd card . now , i do weekly backups , once a week and i only store my music on the sd card , and photos that i take with the camera . the latest sd card i have has now lasted over a year which is longer than the others before it . also , quality of sd cards is a given . do not go for the cheaper , off-name brands . they do not last long . it is better to shell out a few extra bucks and get a name brand .
this happened to me both with my samsung galaxy s4 and with my galaxy note tablet several times . samsung products in particular are very specific about which microsd cards they can work with . the general advice for this situation is to buy a samsung brand memory card for the phone , as there should be less issues with it . before you try that , make sure to format your current card on your tablet . formatting it on your pc will result in a slightly different memory format that may not be as compatible with your tab . here are instructions on how to format your card : http://eguides.sprint.com/support/eguides/samsunggalaxytab3/index.html#samsung_galaxy_tab_3_ug/format_a_memory_card.html this will delete all data on the card , so make sure to back up your important files ( if any still remain ) before you format the card . best of luck to you !
best guess at real intent of question : for my samsung galaxy s iii ( wifi ) , how should i best connect to the internet ? should i try to get my laptop ( with usb modem ) to be a wifi ' hot spot ' , or try connecting the usb modem directly to the galaxy s iii smartphone ? answer 1: ( based on your two options ) your best approach would be to setup the laptop as a wifi hot-spot . it is already working , and you will still be able to use the laptop at the same time . this will require some knowledge of how to do this ( for windows or linux ? ) on your laptop . to connect the galaxy s iii directly would also require an additional otg usb cable , and would be a higher drain on the s iii ' s battery . answer 2: ( looking at other solutions ) a portable wifi router , either 3g or 4g , would more easily provide internet access for both the laptop and galaxy s iii . it is much simpler to setup , and some models would even support using the usb modem you already have . it also has its own battery , for longer internet time between charging .
there are other apps which allow users to view whatsapp conversations without starting the official whatsapp application . whatsapp also performs a backup of your conversations and stores it on the sd card ( internal or external , depending on device ) . it is possible that when the new user entered his credentials , the app detected a previous backup and allowed the new user to import the old conversations in . afaik , whatsapp authenticates the app with the sim card that is present in the device . so , your new chats should not be visible . in any case , prudence dictates that when selling a phone , always perform a factory reset and wipe the data off the internal / external sd card ( s ) .
there are a few camera app in the market that can capture image and replace the background with chroma key . one of them , is aptly named simply green screen . in stock camera app of android 4.0 and above , in the video recording there is a live effects called background , that allows you to replace the background with an image or video . the live effect works by capturing the background without you in it , so it knows which part of the captured image to subtract when you enter the recording area . it works best if you put the device on a stable surface , have a good lighting , and does not need it to be perfect . it is best however , to post process the video on desktop instead . green screening in the phone is an expensive process since it has to be done real time while the video is captured , better quality processing can be achieved by chroma keying on a desktop video editing software since it is not constrained by time .
its indeed quite possible that either the two directories residing on the filesystem , /data/local/download or /cache/download is probably full of temporary files and is not deleted which contributes to the symptoms of the app not installing after 100% downloaded . some roms do have this facility or feature in place , called run-parts , which is invoked by the busybox which does this clean up on boot to clear out the temporary downloaded files saved in the specified directories . again , this is dependant on the rom . maybe that is what you should try doing , reboot to force the system to clean up the directories and try again upon bootup ? if that fails , then it sounds likely that the /cache partition is very small not to hold the downloaded files . the trick employed by roms is this , the /cache/download is either sym-linked to /data on the /data partition . the other trick is that /data/local/download is re-binded to the /cache/download directory . ( see this script below to see what the second trick is about ) why /cache and /data/local/download ? it is found in the init . rc script in the ramdisk of the rom in question which has the following environment variables that tells the google play store , where to save the downloaded apps . export ANDROID_CACHE /cache export DOWNLOAD_CACHE /cache/download  the only thing i would suggest is to use file explorer ( just as i type this i realised yeah , root . . . but i digress ) , and clean out the directory manually for a start .
i was having a similar problem . when trying to install an app from the market , it would get to 100% download , then say download failed . also , the same behavior occurred with updates to previously installed apps . tried all sorts of things from various forms and nothing worked . i am running eclair , and decided that my phone was becoming a paperweight without these updates . . . so i resolved to install a new rom , thankfully i did not have to go that far . i ran a one-click root application , and afterwards i could download updates and install new apps without issue . pretty sure rooting your phone will void the warranty , if that is not of concern and your at a dead end . . . perhaps give it try , it worked for me .
you either ran out of space , or you had updated google play .
someone already solved this without rooting the phone by uninstalling updates for google play store app : go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; all ( tab ) , scroll down and tap " google play store " , then " uninstall updates " . source : samsunggalaxyforums
llama ( free ! ) can also do this for you , and some say it is better than tasker . with llama , you can configure certain " areas " that trigger " events " when you enter them , or leave them , or are in them . you can also trigger events by time of day , or combine areas and times . a trigger can change the sound profile but also turn other services on or off - for instance , it could turn off wifi while you are neither home nor at work except during weekends .
you need to install tasker and then install profile 4 tasker which will allow you to manipulate your cm profiles via tasker .
another good app for changing the volume is  audio mode switcher . there you can do everything according to automatically switching the audio-profile in one app . you can define a weekly schedules to switch to a given profile . you can schedule multiple start and end times ( i.e. . when you go to sleep etc . ) . it also offers a calendar integration , where you can choose to switch to a certain mode at a defined event . these events can be chosen according to their calendar and/or keyword based - i think this is very useful i.e. i can mute the phone if the word " cinema " is in the title and mute at all events in my work-calendar . furthermore location-based switching is also possible .
it " should not " change anything other than adding permission to su , and perhaps adding superuser permissions app and busybox . it really depends on what method you use , though , there could be glitches that might delete something .
i am doing this rooting and all day long . . . . rooting does not erase anything or delete anything but if rooting method does not apply properly you motherboard can be locked or damaged . it is always prefer to take backup before doing anything . . you can get your contacts from your email account but notes , tasks are stores in phone memory by default . but after rooting you can install clockwork recovery but do not wipe anything . . . .
will that erase anything on the phone rooting itself should not erase anything ( except for , maybe , temporary files created during the process ) . however , on some devices rooting requires to first unlock the bootloader -- and that usually includes a factory-reset ( which means : all data and user-installed apps are gone -- which you can work around on android 4.0+ performing an adb backup \u2013apk \u2013shared \u2013all \u2013f /path/to/backup.ab before performing the unlock , and adb restore /path/to/backup.ab afterwards , as compro01 pointed out in below comment ) . will it change anything other than the ability to run app ( s ) as rooted ? yes . as the necessary binaries ( usually su , SuperUser.apk/SuperSU.apk , and busybox with all its symlinks ) are pushed to the /system partition ( which otherwise is mounted read-only ) , it will change that partition . might sound trivial now , but the thing is : some ota-update s ( and other updates shipping directly from the manufacturer/provider ) first compare the partitions checksum . if that does not match ( and it will not after rooting ) , updates might be refused/failing . on the other hand : if those updates would not fail , you might lose root when they are applied . if they include a full /system image , that is .
i have rooted before and it does not erase anything .
no rooting does not erase anything in most of the cases , it instead provides you with extraordinary backup capabilities . when you are rooted , you can backup almost anything ( user apps , system apps , all app data , call logs , sms , game progress , wi-fi access points , . . . ) that can be easily and seamlessly restored in case of a factory reset or otherwise so loss of the data . i have listed some aspects of rooting at my blog- http://www.androidandrooting.blogspot.in/2013/05/all-about-rooting.html
i too have the problem with wifi sometimes . wifi fixer seems to do the job of fixing it in most cases . except from that , as said before , this is a bug , so you may use that temporary fix until they hopefully fix that bug .
this bug report seems to describe a similar issue . the thread is a mixed bag of reports of various versions/apps/phones/networks either fixing or causing the issue , so you may need to dig through it and try some things to diagnose . fyi , i do not have the problem on my nexus one ( o2 uk ) .
just a part-answer : i am using a nice app for resizing images : image shrink ( there is also a lite version ) . it works via the share intent - you " share " an image to it , the app does its job and the result can be shared again ( e . g . if you want to send a large image via mail and want to resize it first , easily done with that app ) .
if you have a tablet , adobe have just released a whole suite of tablet focussed ( paid ) apps , including photoshop touch . whilst i have not tried it out yet , it does look like it should be able to do resizing tasks , i can definitely see a " resize " menu option in one of the screenshots on the features page .
developers can choose to target specific devices or not . presumably these apps are either limited to devices that are known to work , or have blacklisted the galaxy player due to incompatibility . another option is that some apps might be available only while connected to a cell network or a particular cell network . there are some at and t apps that are only available to those on at and t , for example , and i imagine this might be more broadly the case . here are some workarounds : get the app via another ( legitimate ) means , possibly the developer 's site or another app market . use an app like marketenabler ( requires root ) to fake a different network . edit your /system/build.prop file to report your device as a different device . only edit the device name and versions and so on , not other settings , or your device may stop working ! you should be able to google the various fields for other devices and see what to use if you want to mimic one . note that doing 2 or 3 in order to circumvent distribution controls may not be legal in your region . the onus is on you to ensure you are acting legally . i am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice . etc .
you have to write the mount command using -t nfs ... nfsvers=4
i can tell you that is is not the mount command , it is the nfs . ko module that probably does not support nfs4 . when you call mount -t nfs ... the mount command is going to look for the filesystem type of nfs . if it does not find it , then you get the no such device error . if it does find it , it basically hands off the " mount " to the module . for the mount manager issue , if you do not have a cifs module , cifs will not work with mount manager . andsmb uses its own cifs/samaba implementation , and that is fine , but in order to accomplish something that allows any application to access the mounted share , it has to be cifs . ko module . i have to do some more looking in to the nfs issue you are still having .
might not be what you want but i do this busybox mount -o rw , intr , soft , nolock , nfsvers=2 192.168.0.7:/mnt/hd/hd_a2 /mnt/sdcard/nfs
you have different options here : scp : as dan already pointed out , android soesn't ship with any ssh server by default . this means , to use scp as described in your question , you will first have to install an ssh server app on your device . ftp : other than you are assuming in your question , ftp can be scripted . but that might not come as easy as a simple scp command . and like with ssh , you first will need to install an ftp server app on your device as well . important note : many ftp clients/connections default to ascii transfer mode . if you want to copy binary ( basically : non-text ) files like images , audio/video , etc . , make sure you are in binary mode ( when using the command-line , that can be done by issuing the bin command ) . otherwise you might get " broken files " on the receiving end . adb : this is an option android even ships with , but by default bound to an usb connection . you had just need to enable usb debugging in developer settings , connect your device via usb , and then can use commands like adb push or adb pull to put files on your device or retrieve them from there . as you prefer doing that via wifi , there are several apps providing this as well . there might be additional possiblities , but the three mentioned above are the most used .
if you are on the same wi-fi network as your mobile phone is and you have got the option to use adb i would recommend using wireless adb . setup wireless adb on your phone and adb on your pc . then just hit adb connect &lt;Local IP of your phone&gt; and when the device is connected you can use adb push /path/local/file /path/remote/location/
you can use scp if you like , but you first have to install a ssh server on the phone . android does not come with one enabled by default : that would be a security nightmare . there are many to choose from on google play .
your old mobile phone was not really " off " when you turned it off .
i did an " experiment " with my phone ( samsung nexus s , android 2.3 ) : settings --> date and time --> automatic --> off then i manually set the time to a wrong value ( real time + 5 minutes ) . i switched the phone off . with off i mean really off , not standby , the status when the alarm does not work . after a few minutes i turned it on again . the time displayed was still the wrong value i set before , i.e. the updated current real time + 5 minutes . this means that the phone should have an internal clock that works even when it is off . in reality it may not have one , but it should store the delta between the current time obtained from the network and the time i set ; however this seems to be quite unrealistic . so , this makes me think that android phones have an internal clock with its own battery , and this should be able to make the phone boot at the appropriate time . could be something missing in the android os itself ? p.s. : does anyone know if it it possible to make the phone wake up at a specific time ? if it was , we just should make it boot five minutes before the alarm is set . . .
there is no power to the phone when it is off . it is actually off . the android os is designed to use minimal power when not in use . if you have a problem with the battery dying overnight , it is probably due to a third-party app .
after setting your alarm , instead of powering off the phone , turn airplane mode on . this way the operating system is closed to an idle state with the clock running . htc could link holding the power button to turning airplane mode on and going to standby . an then when the user holds the power button again to turn the phone on , the phone would actually perform a restart . the power on/off function would appear the same as before .
not in the general case , no . it is possible to send an intent to start an activity or service ( or broadcast an intent to receivers ) using the am tool from the android shell ( and therefore from a pc using adb shell ) . what you can do that way depends on what intent filters the app 's developer has chosen to offer , and in most apps it does not include actions like deleting individual data items . an alternative approach is the monkeyrunner tool . this is a testing tool , and it lets you write a python script to send input events ( and the like ) via adb to an app running on your device . however , because it is designed for testing your own app , it is very limited in what it can do . to send a touch event , you have to program in the exact x and y co-ordinates that you want to touch : it can not record input and play it back later , like a general macro tool .
android market is not a free service , it requires the tablet to be licensed by google . usually the cheap tablets do not have the license , and can not access the market . there are ways to install it afterwards , but i think that they are usually model specific .
if you are looking for an updated os , you should contact the device manufacturer and ask them about it . generally for cheap tablets the installed stock rom is all you ever get . your best bet is to root and unlock your tablet and install a rom that has google apps available for it . since you do not list your tablet model , that is the most specific advice on that score i can give . failing that , there are lots of third party sites around that you let download the apks ( installation files ) for apps independently of the market place . you can install them so long as you have Unknown Sources checked in Settings-&gt;Applications you can either visit those sites directly on your tablet or visit them on your pc and transfer the download apks to your tablet via your home network . you should be able to install them just by navigating to them in a file explorer and clicking on them ( "sideloading" ) . i like android community myself . caution : you run a much higher risk of getting malware installed on your device this way . i would advise installing an anti-malware app like prey on your device .
if you have ' rooted ' your device , and installed recovery onto it , then you can use a gapps package located here to install the android market onto it : gapps download
i am having the exact same problem and just received the following message from samsung : the kies software does not detect the handsets , there are several causes for this and a process of checks will discover the cause and show the solution : check the system specification is correct for the kies software . check the correct and up to date version of the software is being used . check that handset is set on the correct mode which is samsung kies . be sure that the handset show connected ‘not connecting’ on home screen . try to test a different usb port and restart pc . check in device manager that the driver has been installed and update if required if handset has device manager ( download one from market place for android 2.1 or higher ) ensure that all tasks have been ended and handset is in the idle mode before connecting ‘download the task killer , it is an application used to close all the applications ( not just minimizing them ) ’ completely remove current version of the kies software and re-install the latest version from the website . test with different pc . it is quite a number of possibilities being mentioned .
had same problem . open the app drawer , tap on settings > storage , tap on unmount sd card then you have to physically remove the sd card . worked now !
works in 2.3.6 i have 2.3.6 version ( galaxy y ) . i am not sure if this works in 2.3 alone but this answer could help others as this ( text forwarding ) is tricky in android which you will not find any menu options directly . even i had trouble forwarding initially but i found the actual answer from hedgeterimmer 's answer . long tap the message text ( message options menu appears ) scroll down the menu and look for forward option ( button ) and that is what you wanted
you could long-tap the message , select " copy message text " , then paste that into the input field of a thread with the new recipient .
you should just be able to connect your computer to wifi and then the emulator will use your computer 's wifi connection . the avd is just an emulation of an android device . the avd uses your computer 's hardware to simulate the hardware of a real device the best that it can . the avd will also be ' connected to 3g/4g ' if you are connected through ethernet . edit : when i tried this myself on my own editor , it appears that you can not enable wifi on the emulator , it will always be set to '3g ' or '4g ' . if you want to enable wifi for development purposes , you should just use a real device . there is no way to enable wifi on the android emulator . this question has been asked on stackoverflow : stackexchange-url
the only solution i know of for the level of syncing you want to achieve is companionlink . it will sync contacts , calendar , tasks and notes between outlook and android , it will also cost you $49.95 .
apart from the grand old man of the syncing world that ryan 's pointed out above , there is also goats and touchdown as other notables . there is a fairly detailed table at http://www.syncdroid.net/ that illustrates and lists software designed to sync data to android devices .
updating is sufficient . i think clear is for cases where you are offline and can not update .
just in case you are not aware . hope this is relatedly helpful . be sure to not press and hold when finishing a session . just a quick press and it will go into suspend . to resume , another quick press and the screen comes back in about 1 second .
it may be worth noting that the boot time for the nexus one is about a minute . i think the expected use pattern of android devices is ' always on ' , so it is been optimized for everything but boot time .
unless they are something physically defective with your device your options are pretty limited : install a rom designed to boot quickly ( not sure that any exist ) install a rom based on a less resource-intensive version of android ( but there is no point in getting a xoom if you do not run 3.0 imo ) use an app like autostarts to prevent some apps from loading upon boot ( this probably will not help your boot time before you see the initial lock screen , however ) all three of these options require root access , so if you do not want to root your xoom then i can not think of anything you can do to decrease your boot time .
while in this case it turned out to be a carrier issue ( and solved on the carrier 's end , see this comment ) , in other cases one of the test menus might prove helpful . for a starter , you can find a lot of " secret codes " in this list for the sgs , together with a short explanation . but use them on your own risk : )
you can specify quite a bit of logic in just the contexts . having a profile with multiple contexts would be the easiest way to accomplish this . remember that all contexts have to be met sequentially before the task ( s ) will fire . also , the wifi connected context will accept multiple ssids by using pattern matching . in this case a / equals logical or . try the following : profile : context : [ wifi connected ] ssid="networka " , invert=yes context : [ wifi connected ] ssid="networkb/networkc " task ( s ) : ringtone silence settings of your choice this means that the task ( s ) will fire if network a is not connected and network b or network c are connected . as soon either condition is lost the task will exit .
the concept is the same with a pc . if you have too many programs running at the same time on your computer , the you will notice that it becomes slow or sluggish over time . and if you look at the xperia j 's specs , it only has a single-core processor . so , you can not really expect it to run as snappy as a samsung galaxy s4 which has a quad-core processor .
while this might appear to temporarily " speed up " your device , this kind of " chuck norris roundhouse kick " is rather contra-productive for the system , especially for two things : your battery load time to access one of the killed apps again android usually does a good job managing ram . but some apps sometimes make it hard to do so ( mostly by not behaving properly : hogging lots of ram and trying to " stay alive " even if the user wishes them to quit ) . so to have the same " speed-up feeling " without the nasty side-effects , you had better identify those bad-behaving apps which you killed along the others ( like the wild-west saying : " kill'em all and let the lord sort out the bad from the good" ) . i have just added two tags to your question . you might wish to consult their tag-wikis and most frequented questions for more details . to do so , simply click them ( or hover your mouse over them and select the links to " info " for the tag-wiki , etc . ) .
seems like you need to turn either camera or storage in settings > storage > ( overflow menu ) > usb computer connection ( on your nexus7 2013 ) to install the adb driver
when changing mode and looking at device manager : mtp : i see only the " nexus 7" device under " portable devices " , not updatable ptp : i see " nexus 7" under both " portable devices " and " other devices " none : i see only " unknown device " under " other devices " , not updatable so , to fully install drivers , with adb interface , i had to put it first into ptp mode ( +debubbing mode ) . then update the drivers of the nexus 7 device under " other devices " manually with the google drivers . now put the tablet in mtp mode and update the nexus 7 driver under " portable devices " . choose " let me pick . . . " , then " composite . . " . the " android composite adb interface " now appear under " android device " . et voila . .
i ended up doing a variation of this . . . the problem i had was the portable/other devices issue . the mtp portion of the driver seemed to be working so i was not getting a warning in device manager . . . ergo , i did not even know that existed until you mentioned it in this post . updated from the " portable devices " bit and it worked right off .
i am posting the solution ( as @danhulme asked me ) despite the fact that it is trivial . if you already use latest drivers and have no option to reinstall a part or entire system , the only way is to keep trying with what you have again and again . i do not know what exactly happened , but after a day of trials ( plugging the new device and removing it , pointing the system to the drivers in this way or another ) it was finally connected . as for the other side-question about mtp , it was actually answered by @eldarerathis in comments : mtp mode can be enabled/disabled in settings > storage > ( overflow menu ) > usb computer connection .
i have looked for that kind of app in all my installed apps but no photo viewer requests such permission . i really doubt there is a photo viewer that keeps your screen awake , because of battery drain ( which is not exactly what an average user would be looking for ) maybe what you should do instead is to search in google play for an app made specifically for keeping your screen awake , and use it with your favorite photo viewer . there are lots of them , and many are free , like this one ( keep screen on )
first , have you tried to search for this device on http://forum.xda-developers.com ? they should have got the rom and the rooting method for you . note : never try to root or install a rom from someone you do not trust ! again never root the device when its still in use , because rooting the device would remove the warranty of its ! you might brick your device too . you can try to search for the rom by the name . secondly i know the good rooting software , search for bin4ry root ! they will root you device , you can follow steps ! hehehe , you must see the note i provided before continuing the process . by that software , you can first root the device . then check for the cwm support for your device on their site . or you can google it to find the best solution for that phone . after installing the cwm , you can easily install a rom , but again , becarefull while installing the rom , you might brick the phone . good luck , cheers !
a quick google search leads me to believe that the device in question is extremely osbscure . rooting it is probably possible , but almost definitely will not be easy . i was unable to find any methods for rooting it . a custom rom is almost entirely out of the question . i do not think there are any custom roms compatible with the device at all . additionally , i do not think there are any custom recovery options available to you at all . i would say that unless you are very experienced with treading where none have tread before for the device - gaining root manually , hacking , compiling kernels , compiling roms for the device - you are more or less out of luck . anyone feel free to correct me if i am wrong .
your os is supported . your phone should be as well . do not know about your country . i hate to speculate without know exactly what is going on , but honestly i have never seen anyone have all the trouble that rovio is having getting their app visible to anyone in the market . since the beta its been randomly blocked from rather unusual groups ( like samsung vibrant owners in the us ) -- and all rovio does is blame geographic restrictions in the market . anyway , all that explanation aside -- here 's an alternative download for an ad-supported version : http://www.getjar.com/adp/angry-birds mobile version : http://m.getjar.com/adp/angry-birds
getjar is where they first posted it and it got hammered . they got it on the android market pretty quickly , but rovio 's complaint ( and why they went with an alternate market in the first place ) is that a lot of people complained they could not find the beta in the android market . a few people who were able to get it set up mirrors , including a torrent . a quick web search should find an alternative download location for you , if you have not already got it .
this is what i have : http://www.appbrain.com/app/angry-birds/com.rovio.angrybirds
on a uk galaxy s , i know that i could not find the beta version in the market for ages , then samsung released "2.1 update 1" and straight after i upgraded i could see angry birds in the market , now the full versions there i can see that too . have your network released 2.1-update1 ( aka build jm x ) for you yet , try checking with the samsung kies software .
this seems to be a known bug in the play store app from v4.8.20 . try uninstalling the updates to the play store app . this could be a temporary fix until the bug if fixed in a future version of the app .
in some cases appbrain does not check app compatibility restrictions correctly when deciding to offer the update . e.g. , i have android 4.0.4 ( cm9 ) with the google search app version 1.4.1.299849 installed as a system app ( included in gapps-ics-20120429-signed.zip ) . appbrain shows that an update ( version 2.6.7.721924arm ) is available for this app , but when i attempt to install the update , play market shows “not supported on your device” , because apparently all versions of this app offered on google play require android > = 4.1 .
were these pre-installed apps ? you will not get market update notificatins for apps that are pre-installed , you have to go to the market and manually install any newer versions of the app and then you will get future updates via the market . the same thing happened with my droid . i heard about an update for facebook ( which came on my phone ) , but never saw an update in the market until i searched for it and manually installed the app .
not a physical keyboard , but the hacker 's keyboard soft keyboard has control and alt keys on the keyboard .
since android does not really have control or alt , you might be able to get a virtual keyboard with them but i very much doubt there is a device with them on a physical keyboard . your best bet is a shell with support for these keys . terminal emulator does ctrl+key by holding volume down and pressing the key , for example .
i use the app brain app on my phone , https://market.android.com/details?id=com.appspot.swisscodemonkeys.appsfeature=search_result you can choose which order to show installed apps ( name , date installed , size , storage location )
afaik , android market shows the list of installed apps in chronological order . so the latest app you have installed should be on the top ( first ) of the list . the app that was installed before this - should be the second .
and to continue what dan wrote , if you mean for the stock android or samasung browser ( it is not the same app , but it is in the same place ) , it is what @dan hulme answer . but if the browser is chrome press on the 3 dots > " history " > " clear browsing data . . " > pick " clear the cache " , here is a picture : hope it is been helpful !
go to android settings from there select application manager . under the tab " all " scroll down to " internet " . you can find options to clear cache data as well as other data such as saved passwords . etc
clear the browser by hitting the settings on your phone . navigate to privacy settings hit clear cache .
maybe the error is not in your phone , or your friend 's one . maybe the error is from your provider , or the provider of your friend . in some situations the network will not deliver a sms due to overload , or many other causes , if this occurs some carriers delay the deliver some time , maybe this is the case , the network detected some problem and delayed the delivery of the sms , and now you received a message send some time ago ( like sometimes happens on december 31th with overloaded networks , you end up receiving a " happy new year ! ! " on january 4th )
i have discovered the solution ( at least for my nexus 7 ) ! here 's what happens : tap take bug report take bug report " take a while " popup displays - tap report after about 30 seconds , the words " bug report captured " appear for about 2 seconds on left side of the top manu bar ( the one with time and wi-fi and other icons ) . an adroid icon then displays on the left side ( where downloads and other status indicators display ) . swiping down on those icons displays an item " bug report captured " tapping on the item brings up a " complete action using " popup that includes gmail . tapping the gmail icon allow you to send the bug report text and its associated screen capture to yourself . pretty nice , but very easy to miss .
based on what i have read , Make Bug Report is supposed to e-mail the bug report to the gmail account that is tied to your device . i tried it , but i did not get any emails . i will update this answer if i find anything new .
after searching the internet for similar issues , i did the following : i unplugged my phone from the usb cable . on the home screen , i pressed the bottom left settings button and chose settings . i selected " . . . more " . i pressed " developer options " in the list below . i turned on the developer options at the top . under the debugging section , i checked " usb debugging " . i reinstalled samsung kies . i started kies . after kies started , i plugged in my phone to the usb cable . after connecting my phone with kies running , the windows update form appeared and a new entry was in the list . after the driver installation , everything worked . i do not even have to run kies first before connecting my phone to get windows 7 to recognize it . it just works . i do not know exactly what series of events caused this to start working , but now i can actually copy stuff to and from my phone . ( yay ! )
when you connect your galaxy s4 to the pc via usb , open the notification center and you will see a message that says something like Connected to USB. Click for more options . click it , and then select View as camera . after that you , should be able to copy files from the pc to your phone .
yes you will get your memory back . during the reboot process , android will have to optimize all apps , so this will take some time . about 15 min . to 60 min . for this to complete , that all depends on how many apps you have . make sure you device is fully charged . you also can manually edit the file with runtime values , which is located : /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib libart . so and libdvm . so are the values . command : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib ' or adb shell setprop persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib libdvm . so
the before and after screenshots of the about screen confirm that i had the exact same android , baseband , and kernel versions , as well as the same build number actually , they do not . the first screenshot shows a build number of jwr66 v , and the second is jwr66 y . an official changelog has not been released , but t-mobile 's documentation indicates that the update contains " security " updates . you can also find some ( unofficial ) discussion of the actual code commits in this article . so although the version number was not incremented , it is a different build than you previously had .
are you using screen filtering apps ? because your screenshot looks red-dim . if yes , disable the screen filter app and it will work again . if you are not using any filtering app , try looking for screen-related apps installed on your phone . this kind of problem mostly related to screen-related apps . try disable them one by one in your settings-> apps and find which one is causing the problem .
there is a provision in whatsapp to change numbers . in the old phone ( assuming you still has it with functional whatsapp ) in whatsapp app goto Settings &gt; Account &gt; Change number and enter both the numbers ( old and new ) and confirm . it should be able to migrate the numbers . then you can register whatsapp with the new number in the new device . good luck . disclaimer : i have not tried it , i am providing solution only from one of my friend 's experience .
if you are concerned about the contacts and not the chat history then backup the contact in your old phone and import in your new phone . sign in whatsapp with your new number and it will read all the contacts in your new phone and your contact will be updated . only downside is you need to send a whatsapp message to all the contacts saying that you changed your number
try this : backup your whatsapp from old phone using helium backup . follow the instructions for backing up whatsapp ( or any other application for that matter ) . once the backup is complete , you will find a folder named " carbon " on your phone storage . install helium on the new phone and get this backed up folder on your new phone and place on the same location on the storage . start helium and backup whatsapp using the " restore and sync " tab available in the app . note that , unless rooted , you need to connect your phone to pc using usb cable to start the backup . follow the instructions given on play store page .
i have released an app called soundabout on the google play store that may help .
you can install the diskusage app toy our phone to see what is consuming the most disk usage and if you can free it up . it is a free app , and is only 155kb in size . i would also recommend es file manager , but it is a few mb in size . but it allows you to view all the directories on your sd card . finally , get dropbox or google+ , they will backup your photos over wifi , so you can delete them from your phone to save space .
this may seem drastic but in the long run it may save you time : have you tried doing a factory reset ?
for me , it was the plex service . i had to clear it from  Apps -&gt; Running  and from  Apps -&gt; Running -&gt; Show Cached Processes  i used iptraf to verify ( like top for network traffic ) if that helps any . . .
there are many roms available for the desire based on stock android / the open souce project . i currently run cyanogen 's rom on my desire , but i have also used opendesire and many others . take a look on the xda forums . there is no ' official ' stock rom for the desire , because no one is selling in without the htc rom , but opendesire is as close to the open source project as you are likely to get , where as cyanogen 's rom is more feature packed ! you will of course need to root your phone to install custom roms . this is easily done on the desire using unrevoked .
linux is absolutely the best way to do this sort of things . this is a thread on xda about how to set the development environment on linux ubuntu in particular http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2302780 follow these steps and you will have fastboot command set up to do the unlocking process . plus you will not need any driver to let the system recognize the device .
this may be solved by clearing the cache and data of the dialler app . to do this , go to Settings › Apps › swipe to All › select the dialler application from the list › clear Cache and Data .
you could open drive-app , select the file you want to send , long-press on it and choose " send " . there you can choose gmail and it automatically creates a new mail with the file attached .
yes , you can use a usb game controller without root and without needing any prior setup . just plug it in and android will recognise it . by default , the d-pad on the controller will work like a d-pad or trackball on the device itself ( if you remember when android phones used to have little trackballs built in ) , and it will allow you to move focus between controls in most apps . stock apps are completely accessible using the controller without the touch screen , but not all third-party apps are . many games ( especially emulators for games consoles ) support using a bluetooth or usb game controller , but not all games do . the idea of apps like the one you mention is to make button presses on the game controller trigger touch screen events , so if you play a game that has on-screen controls but does not support controllers , the controller will trigger the game 's on-screen controls . generally you will get a better playing experience , as well as easy setup , by choosing a game that supports game controllers . if you just plug the controller in , it'll work in any supported apps and games right away . games with controller support usually advertise it in the description on the store , but if you are not sure you can ask the developer through their support email address .
that very much depends on the update . the manufacturer/vendor might have made only " bug fixes " with this update -- but he might as well have decided to replace the entire system . in neither case you end up with an " empty shell " ( i wish that would be the case ! ) , as manufacturers/vendors are rather known to add stuff nobody really wants ( see : bloatware ) rather than to remove apps that ship with android by default -- but it might very well be that some apps got replaced or will simply be removed . what surely will be gone , according to the description you gave , are all your data and the apps you have installed yourself , as obviously the update implies a factory-reset . if your device is already running android 4.0 or higher , you might wish to take a look at full backup of non-rooted devices for how to make a good backup . at least apps+data should be restorable to a newer version of android then ; for other things ( sms , call logs , etc . ) you might rather prefer some dedicated tool -- or rely on your google-cloud-synced data and pray they will restore automatically ( if they start to , do not interrupt them : you cannot re-start the restore , which is one thing making it so unreliable ) . see also the backup tag and especially its tag-wiki for details on available backup methods plus hints for recommended readings on this topic .
i used to play ingress before , and i was able to update to newer versions using apks uploaded by other players . i do not know if google 's verification process has changed , but as long as it is an official apk ( i.e. . not modified ) , it should be fine . also , according to this google+ thread , the verification process uses google play services .
in go sms you can also : click the menu button click folders go the the outbox folder delete all the failed messages there worked for me - this was driving me crazy !
none of the options above worked for me and i searched everywhere ! eventually , frustration made me look through my previous mms texts sent and i found 3 or 4 that had not been sent with a little yellow warning icon on the corner . one was to a family group with 14 recipients ! ! i went through and deleted those messages/mms with warning icons and then resent the problematic mms . . . and it sent fine ! i have worked it out . samsung galaxy note ii 7105
i figured it out myself . here 's how i fixed it : as it turns out , the message that says " too many unsent multimedia messages " actually means that there are too many unset multimedia messages ( who would have thought it ! ) . i went into the stock message client ( the one that came with the phone ) , clicked the menu button , and selected the " unsent " menu tab . then i clicked the menu button again , and selected the " delete " tab . then i just deleted all of the unsent messages . now it works fine . not sure why there was a limit on how many unsent messages there could be , and i am still not sure why it worked with the stock client , and handcent , but not go sms , but , now it works !
i have a note 3 and had the same issues . go in your settings and check to make sure sms is your default . under the sms program is a setting to make sms your default as well . your default notification on your phone system needs to be turned off so that you do not have multiple notifications . hope this helps .
this has happened to me at least once before . very annoying . in my case i had to check every thread , and scroll up to look for failed mms messages in the thread ( red ! ) . once one fails , apparently nothing else except regular txt will go through until the offender is deleted for some reason . i think i narrowed it down to a message i sent from my garage . with the doors shut and if i am in the back , i get one signal bar if i do not move . i think i attached a pic , hit send , then stuck it in my pocket while it was trying to send . why it does not send later when i get a better signal is beyond me . but , by checking all my threads , and deleteing each one the had a red ! eventually i was able to send the one i really needed to send . if it happens again , i will update the post with more solid information . phone is g'zone commando , android version 2.3.3 hope this helps someone .
asc is an app that allow you to record your screen without root , but only for non-tegra devices . i never tested because my galaxy nexus is not supported .
the best and the most simple way and the more beautiful , how to capture/record android screen without root http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k2udfp4ln8feature=youtu.be
if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . for example a Blackmagic Design : UltraStudio Mini Recorder is only $145 for an hd-sdi and hdmi thunderbolt device , and a micro usb to hdmi cable can go for as little as $10 . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
well , the reason screencast and similar apps require root permission is that the video data has to be accessed using the administrative privileges ( i.e. . roots access ) but you can always use an app such as no root screen recorder to video record your screen . but the problem with this option is that you have to connect your device to a windows computer in order to capture . this is the only option which is available to given you have no root access .
afaik the temperature sensor that measures the battery is built-in ( in the battery ) . in your case either the battery is defective , because it get 's to hot immediately when charging or the sensor is defective . either way , i think you have to replace the battery with a new one . before you replace the battery you should rule out a software error by doing a factory reset to see if the problem persists .
i know this is an old post but , i just had this problem and found a good solution so thought i would post the answer here in case someone else is looking for the same help . power down the phone . take the battery out for 20+ seconds . plug in the charger . put the battery back in . turn the phone back on .
i left my phone in the car on a cold night , and it said it could not charge because the temperature was too high or too low . all i did was let it warm up in my house for 15 minutes . then , i plugged it in , and everything was fine .
stabilitytest is a stress-testing tool for android devices with error reporting .
if you have an ( w ) lan network connected to an adsl modem at your home , a mobile access point is like that adsl modem ; a mobile access point ( ap ) translates between the protocol of the mobile network to the protocol of the wider internet . imagine the mobile network as a lan , and access points are the nodes in the lan that have direct access to the internet , all communication between the inner network and the outer network must go through an access point . access points can have rules about what data can pass through it , how it works is similar to how a firewall works . at a minimum , the firewall will have rules on which ports that applications can connect to . by default , http uses port 80 and https uses port 443 , but any protocol can use any port number as long as both the client and the server agrees on which one to use . a more aggressive firewall will also inspect the destination of a data packet , and an even more aggressive one could inspect the actual content of the packets , as long as they are not encrypted . the job of a proxy is to tunnel a data transmission through a remote server ; so if you configured your phone to use proxy 123.123.123.123 at port 80 or 443 , the firewall will have no way of distinguishing between this and normal http/https connection , especially with https proxy as the data is encrypted from the client to the proxy . the remote proxy server , which is ideally located in an unrestricted network , will then relay the data to their true destination . the network operator can block a proxy by blacklisting their ip address and configuring their firewall to block any access to the ip address of a known proxy , but since there are 4 billion ipv4 addresses and the ip addresses used by some proxies change all the time , it is difficult if not impossible task to blacklist every proxy in existence . anyone can also create their own proxy server using their own home connection or purchase a server that they use for proxying , this makes it impossible to filter all proxies . most networks that blocks only for browser connections does that to limit usage of bandwidth sucking applications , like torrents ; so , as long as your proxy usage does not burden the network too much and you are not using it to access illegal materials , they usually would not hunt you down for it .
i would gues that access point is sending you pac - proxy auto configuration . if you ignore this you can browse freely .
you would need a rooted device to do this . first browse the photos you want to download . now open any file explorer app like root explorer . navigate to /data/data/com.instagram.android/cache via root explorer . the files here would be named something like ccf3a266.0 , copy the file you want or entire folder and paste it on your sd card . now open these .0 files in your pc via a image viewer like irfanview . you can sort the files by size to determine large images . the .0 files are cahce files and some of these are essentially JPG image files and quality may depend upon your device i believe because it would download compressed image if the device screen/density is small . ( that is just a theory ) .
use easy downloader for instagram app in android
if your tablet supports a usb hub , you might try connecting both devices to a hub and then connecting that hub to your tablet .
i would suggest a cable hub . you should be able to find one that takes only one usb port of device , and provides 2 ( or 3 ) usb ports . for example : cable hub , usb 2.0 3-port hub with micro 5p
two times yes : of course it can be removed , and of course it can be useful . at that place clockworkmod stores the nandroid backups you have created with it , and from that place you can restore them when need for that arrives . in case of an external sdcard , and when space on it is precious to you , you could simply copy its contents to your computer , and then empty the directory . or just keep the latest backup on it . if you need to restore one of the removed backups , it then would be possible to use a card reader , copy them back , and re-insert the card to your device so they can be found .
you can boot into recovery and check how the "/sdcard " is mounted using the command " mount " . if it is not mounted , you can mount it and should be able to get rid of this directory using " rm -rf" ( however , you might like to check the significance of this data first ) . if it is mounted as read-only , remount it with " rw " option and go for deletion . as for moving it to the pc , "/sdcard " is usually visible when the device is connected to windows ( underlying partition is usually formatted with fat ) . have you already tried that ?
i have an " all calls " option on my galaxy s vibrant running 2.2 ( the nero v5 rom specifically ) . i am not sure if it was there on stock .
is not all logs equivalent to all calls ? edit : oh no i see now , it also shows the messages ( i do not have many messages on my phone , so for me this seemed to be the solution ) . sorry , i have not found an answer here .
there is an " all calls " option in " call history " on my phone . ( running 2.2 but on a htc with their ui , which may be different , as pointed out below . ) when i hit " view " , the option buttons are : all calls incoming calls outgoing calls missed calls is this what you are after , or have i mis-interpreted your question ?
will i be able to get ota updates if i install this ? csc of XSA or VUA works for australia . as long as it is stock rom , you should be able to get ota update . if it does not work , try to update via kies on your pc . i have read that it might have problems if the modem and csc do not match up . it is ok for modem and csc to be different , but csc must be correct if you want ota updates .
if you type/paste the url with the time behind #t= into your browser on android ( i use chrome , but others would presumably work the same way ) you should get a popup asking you if you want to open the link in youtube . this will open the video in the youtube app and jump straight to the time defined . matt cutts explains how to do this with the youtube url on his blog . try copy/pasting http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjDw3azfZWI#t=31m08s into your browser as an example .
youtube now has updated their player and to jump to small area , there is now a popup slider for us to pick the point .
well , you can not do that in the youtube app . i tried some third party apps as well and nothing came up . in addition , the youtube app 's website also tells you to . . . slide the scrubber below the video to jump to a different part of the video . . . so i guess the only option for you is to use your browser to view videos . hope this helps .
download mode is for flashing radio firmware/rom upgrade through official means . some devices uses u-boot over the generic boot , it is a boot-loader code found in read-only rom chip on the board , which uses a certain memory address offset , in which the kernel from the /boot partition gets loaded into that specific certain memory address offset and jumps into that address and the kernel starts running . for details of the generic lk boot which is employed by most , if not all , qualcomm based devices , see this as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example .
if you install the yahoo mail app from the play store , it will synchronize your contacts to your phone 's address book , and pull them up in any app , including gmail . the advantage of this method is that you will have an ongoing sync , meaning any contacts you add via yahoo website will automatically appear on your phone , and vice-verse . if you do not want to install the yahoo mail app , you will need to use a computer . first , export contacts on yahoo website as a csv file as described in this walk-through : go to yahoo mail website on your computer . click on the " contacts " button , and then go to actions -> export . . . select the " yahoo csv " option , click the " export now " button , select somewhere on your computer where to save this file , and click " ok " . then you import the csv file into your google account as described here : sign into gmail . click gmail at the top-left corner of your gmail page , then choose contacts . click the more button above the contacts list and select " import . . . " click the choose file button . select the csv file you generated from yahoo , and click the import button . this method is a one-time import , and any modifications you make to your contacts via yahoo website will not propagate to your phone . instead , your contacts will appear in your google account .
with the nook color it is possible to both root the tablet and install a custom rom . some users have even gone so far as to setup their nook color to dual boot . in this scenario , the unit will boot the stock nook os when allowed to boot from internal memory , or boot a custom rom when instructed to boot from the sd card . this is likely the scenario you read about with regard to an " android os card " . the nook tablet is quite similar to the nook color , but has been modified from the earlier device to have a locked bootloader that will only load a rom signed by barnes and noble . while it is still possible to gain root permission on this device , it is not ( yet ) possible to load a customer rom . due to this , you may not boot the unit to an alternative rom stored on the sd card . you can , however , install the amazon appstore , google market , gmail , and other apps to get more utility from this tablet . you can find instructions and details over at xda-developers : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1354487
try looking into plex . i have never used it , but i hear it is good and works on a multitude of devices .
for the youtube specific part of your request specifically , google have released an official youtube remote app , that allows you to control playing youtube videos on a pc from an android phone/tablet . you visit http://youtube.com/leanback on your pc , and the app then interacts with it .
in general it is at the moment impossible to stream all audio from your android to another receiver . there is no app which can help you because android itself has no apis for grabbing audio . but sure you may use a specific player , e.g. one for youtube and one for music and so on . i really know what i am talking about because i am developing an app for general streaming audio since several months ( it is really hard work with rooting , kernel-module etc . ) .
there is an app for that ! it does exactly what you want and even lets you share to more than one app at the same time . it really ought to be something the system options let you do , but anyway . the only problem is that the app apparently has some issues with some apps in ics , but i can not speak to that from experience . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andmadesoft.share
this list is generated ( on every boot ) from the installed apps that have registered themselves with the system to handle this function . the only certain way to remove an entry from this list is to uninstall the corresponding app . you can try de-compiling the app , removing the share intent from its " manifest . xml " file , and re-packing it . however , this will most likely cause issues with market updates because of signature mismatches .
those instructions sound incomplete . you need to press the Menu button on the wi-fi settings screen . Advanced will be in the menu .
so the problem was : market and market updater were not signed by the same key , no idea why . as a result , the market was not able to send an intent to a receiver in the market updater that was protected by a signature-level permission . here 's what i have done . i took marketupdater . apk from the device . i took it apart with apktool: apktool d -s MarketUpdater.apk mu  i then opened the androidmanifest . xml . i changed the package attribute under &lt;manifest&gt; to package="com.android.vending.updateralt"  that was to avoid a name clash with the vanilla market updater app . changed the &lt;receiver&gt; element 's header to this : &lt;receiver android:name="com.android.vending.updater.UpdateMarketReceiver"&gt;  see - no permission attribute . no longer requiring that the intent sender is signed by the same certificate . spelling out the java package name in android:name was necessary , since the apk package name no longer matched the java package name of the class . i then packaged the apk back : apktool b mu MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  i signed the apk , using the jarsigner tool , with an arbitrary key that i had from another project : uploaded the apk to /system/app , registered with pm: adb push MarketUpdaterAlt.apk /system/app adb shell pm install -r /system/app/MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  and forced a market self-update . removed the preferences file : adb shell rm /data/data/com.android.vending/shared_prefs/*  then restarted the market , waited for five minutes , and closed the market . the update went through like a charm . now i have market 2.3.6 , in-app billing and all . good thing the permission-based coupling between the market and market updater was not two-way . . . edit : the alternative updater apk is available for all at http://www.jishop.com/temp/marketupdateralt.apk
it probably has nothing to do with cm ; the market is just really , really bad at updating itself . sometimes clearing the data for it will help , but sometimes you will additionally need to install a newer version manually before it will start updating itself again . i have installed the 3.4.4 market from android police a few times , if you are looking for a safe file . just put it on your sd card or internal storage ( make sure it has the . apk extension ) and install it via a file manager . Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources needs to be checked for this .
the solution of creating a new marketupdater did not work for me . i am a newbie at rooted android devices so maybe there is something that would be evident to someone who has more experience with it . i ran into an install_package permission issue , and yes i did put marketupdateralt into /system/app/ and it was signed with my key , but that did not do the trick . the whole permission thing seems a bit finicky ( see for instance this discussion ) . at any rate , i have found an alternate way of getting the upgrade : grab a relatively recent version of the market app . ( i used an apk titled market-3.4.4 . apk . it needs to be reasonably new but having the very latest does not matter since it will upgrade itself after a bit anyway . i have 3.10.9 now running . ) verify that the package is signed by google . clear market data . ( that is what i did back then but now i think pm uninstall , without the -k option , will accomplish the same thing . ) adb shell mount -o remount , rw /system adb shell rm /system/app/vending . apk adb shell pm uninstall com . android . vending adb push [ path to your new apk ] /system/app/vending . apk adb shell pm install /system/app/vending . apk adb shell mount -o remount , ro /system if you got an older version than the latest , any necessary upgrade will occur after a while . it may take a bit before the web interface to google play gets is view synchronized with what the local app says . that is how i got the latest version of google play up and running on an old rooted mytouch 3g running cm 6.1 . someone with more foresight than i have could presumably integrate a newish version among the google apps when they do their initial flashing .
most phones have separate ap ( application processor ) and bp ( baseband processor aka modem aka radio ) . " rooting " results in gaining control over the ap . the carrier " subsidy " lock is residing in bp . most custom roms just include stock ( i.e. . still locked ) bp image as a binary blob . since the bp code is proprietary and never gets released to public .
wow has to be set every time you go in suspend mode . after it wakes up the first time your wow configuration will not be set unless you set it again .
the root of the problem is internet sync related . the system is not able to sync internet settings . http://blog.abrah.am/2011/12/sync-is-currently-experiencing-problems.html
while i can not speculate as to the exact reason , you may find the app better battery stats useful in working out where the battery drain is coming from . the app is able to define kernel wakelocks , partial wakelocks and cpu states etc . very useful in helping myself pinpointing problematic applications and extending battery life . the app can be installed as a . apk provided for free by the developer over at xda-dev or supporting the author by purchasing the paid app from the play store
as per the op 's comment above , well , once or twice , meaning , yes it was exposed to water ! rain is water . could have gone in between the bezel of the handset or moisture residue got built up . get it checked out hardware wise . . . would not be surprised if the moisture build up is interfering with the touchscreen 's recognition of touch .
in android 4.1 jelly bean follow the following steps : open the Contacts app tap the Setting touch button select Contacts to display select Phone a similar procedure should work also for the earlier android 2.3 gingerbread .
check compatibility of your device here http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/compatibility/win8/compatcenter/productdetailsviewer?type=hardwarename=samsung%20galaxy%20ace%20smartphonevendor=samsungmodelorversion=gt-s5830locale=1033breadcrumbpath=samsung%20galaxy%20ace%20smartphonetemposid=win8
yes , you will be able to use the logitech revue google tv unit without the set-top box . i am doing this with the sony blueray player w/gtv . during the set-up process simply skip the section for setting up the tv provider and you should be all set . here is a youtube video of a revue functioning without a cable or satellite stb .
lots of apps use this connection to do their work . as well as google 's own apps such as gmail and hangouts , third-party apps that use any of the following features via the google play services library need such a connection to work fully : license verification or in-app purchases push notifications using google cloud messaging signing in with your google account or syncing or backing up your data to google 's servers most google play games services features ( e . g . online multiplayer and leaderboards ) even so , the indicator is not really meant as an indicator about google 's servers . since google 's servers are always there , android checks if it can reach them as a way of knowing whether it can reach the internet in general . that way , it is easier for you to know what is wrong if you are on a captive wi-fi network ; that is , the kind that redirects you to a login or terms and conditions page .
it sounds like you are not using the correct update . zip file for your model ; if the software/hardware architecture is not a match , installation will fail .
if you have not yet updated you should . it might be the problem that it isen't yet compattable with your os . if that is not the case , reinstal the app so it is fresh and clean .
if you are needing it as always-on wall plugged you will probably need to stick with that . however newer devices stop charge when 100% and then recharge back from ~95% . answer here : stackexchange-url says that you simply can not use any software to stop the charging .
how the webpage is displayed depends on your choice of brower and your settings . chrome on my devices by default displays webpages by width in desktop mode , so i see the same content horizontally on my phone and nexus 7 . but i would say the web browsing experience on nexus 7 is much better than on a phone due to the large screen , you can definitely see more on the nexus 7 ( vertically ) . source : i have an original note ( larger screen than nexus 4 ) and nexus 7 .
the only thing you can do is to maybe put a " gel case " on the device . that should make it less sensitive to presses . the only other option would to modify the source code of the android core .
try clearing all notifications . there is a button , my phone is in spanish but i guess in english it should say " clear " or " remove all " something like that .
short : yes . you can send your photos as email attachments and delete them from your phone . it will free up your phone memory . but there are other options which are better than this . you can use cloud storage facilities to back-up your data and access them anytime and anywhere you want . more details about widely used cloud services can be found in this answer .
aha i have found it : the emails were still in the trash . once i viewed the trash , highlighted them all , and than choose the ' delete permanently ' , than when syncing on the device , the ' deleted ' mails were gone too . gathrawn was so convincing in his reply that they should have been deleted , i investigated some more . . . thanks . i will keep my answer here , since it might help others in the future .
i have had the same problem since upgrading my rom . the solution i am going to present will lead to the loss of unsent emails , so copy them to somewhere . you have to clear the application data . to do that you go to : settings > applications > manage applications look for gmail and clear data it will synchronize again with gmail servers and the problem should be solved . send a test e-mail to yourself .
do like this : perform a factory reset from recovery-mode wipe the Dalvik cache as well reboot the device if this does not work then format the sd in the computer with FAT 32 and create partition Ext 2 in the recovery . this should work . . .
open the " people " application and press the menu key , and then " view " and click " only contacts with phone numbers "
there are slightly different opinions around on this topic . to fully understand the issue , one needs to first understand how liio batteries work ( which goes a little too far for our site , so please read details on wikipedia ) . lie ryan is absolutely right : liio batteries do not take it well to be fully discharged . it should not be done too often . i am not sure what a double-take should improve here . usually there is no need to do that " explicitly " . if you think of how often you end up with an empty batterie ( as it does not last long enough ) , calibration is already done as a side-effect ( if you then fully charge ) . it is widely agreed that it should not be done more often than once in 60 . . 90 days , so logas might have mistaken the term . see previous point : ) i never saw reason to calibrate any of my devices ' battery , though . it certainly cannot hurt to do it with the device turned off , as then it is not being charged and discharged at the same time . i doubt it is really necessary , but it does no harm : )
this might be a new feature of newer versions of android ( i am using 4.4 ) , but i can easily mass install apps from the Play Store . how to mass-install apps with the play store : open the play store go to my apps go to all keep your finger pressed on an app that has not been installed yet for a second or so . now the play store goes into selection mode , you can simply select all the apps you want and press the " install " button at the top when you re done .
assuming you have previously installed appbrain and synced your device , you can do the following : from google play market download and install appbrain and fast web installer apps . open the fast web installer and sign in with your google account ( same one you are using on play store ) . open the appbrain app , and sign in with your appbrain account . go to preferences , and then use the " enable fast web install " option . under menu go to " more lists . . . " option , select the previously synced list , tap the " add all apps " button , and tap the back button . tap the " execute " button , and after reviewing the permissions tap the " install " button . this should download and install apps in batch , without having to confirm each one separately . you can also create lists of apps via appbrain 's site , and these lists should show up in the app .
i do not know of a way to do this . i recently bought a new phone , and to save myself the tedium of manually installing 40 odd apps , i went to the google play store using a desktop browser . it will already have a list of apps you have installed under my apps , so you can quickly spin through the list and install them - you do not need to wait for each app to install .
you can install titanium backup in your old device and backup all " user installed " apps + data to sd card . in your device , put this sd card and install titanium backup again and restore " user installed " apps + data . though i have not tried this across devices , i had tried this with same device using different rom . i had backed up from a stable rom and whenever i install a new rom i would use the above method to install all my apps with its data . i had already asked this question and it has been answered referring titanium backup .
first , there is something off about the model number you mention . gt-i9505g is the model of the galaxy s4 google play edition that you purchase directly from the google play store . it works well with all us gsm carriers ' hspa+ and lte frequencies , but i am not sure about its compatibility with canadian carriers . in canada there seem to be two variants of the galaxy s4: sgh-m919v which is sold on wind mobile , eastlink and videotron , and sgh-i337/sgh-i337m which is sold on canadian bell , rogers and telus . your trouble may be because you flashed incorrect version of clockworkmod recovery and cyanogenmod rom , which are incompatible with your phone 's model . seeing how you are on rogers , you should be using recoveries and roms made for the sgh-i337/m variant . the device code for this model is " jfltecan " . the corresponding cwm recovery can be downloaded here , while cyanogenmod rom can be downloaded here * . * according to cyanogenmod 's latest post on g+ , september 6th and 7th nightly builds have issues with being unable to boot on most devices . use sept 5th build to be safe .
found this on google after having the same problem , turns out the screen was just off but the phone was still booting , so try leaving the phone for a few minutes after the samsung gt9505g logo goes off .
the nightly builds of cyanogenmod are for testing only . they are not suitable for a phone that you actually want to use . the nightly build can be completely different from one night to the next , and might not even have passed any tests . not booting at all is a very likely outcome ; the next day , it might boot fine , but corrupt your filesystem as soon as you try to use it . if you want to install cyanogenmod on your phone and actually be able to use the phone , you should download and install the stable build . if you want something that is newer and not quite so well tested , but still likely to mostly work , you can try a release candidate version instead . there are no guarantees whatsoever for the nightly build . looking at the cyanogenmod website , it appears there is not a stable release for your device yet . perhaps this is why you tried the nightly build . if there has never been a stable release for your device , it is even more likely that the nightly build is in an incomplete , not-working state , and will continue to be until the volunteers can test it on real devices and fix all the problems . that said , there does seem to be a release candidate for 10.1.3 , so that is probably the best choice . the bad sd card error you got might be a symptom of the nightly build having corrupted your sd card . before trying to flash a new rom , you should try to put the sd card in a pc and scan the filesystem for errors ( e . g . using fsck , or another method depending on the os your pc uses ) , or use a fresh sd card . after that , try again to flash a stock rom or a stable release of cyanogenmod . supporting 10.2 on your device would take a lot of volunteer time , and devices to test on . if you want to help get a stable release for your device sooner , you could offer to help the developers with your time or money to support the development . details are towards the bottom of this page .
/proc/config.gz ( and consequently .config ) , a file containing all needed flags for the linux kernel building process , can only be found if the kernel maker / your device manufacturer explicitly enabled config.gz availability when the linux kernel was being built . so if it is not present in /proc , you had have to either do a trial-and-error , get help from somebody else , or contact the manufacturer .
you can perform updates on installed app 's accessing the play store : find the play store icon on your home screen or in your app drawer and tap it to open it up . once the play store loads , tap the menu button on your device and choose the " my apps " option . wait until the list gets filled . if there are available updates you will see:: a text that says " update " to the right of the app 's name , you can long press it to update that app ; additionally , you can press " update " on the top of the list to update all app 's . usually a number is present to the right , that refers to the total number of updates available .
you could give this xda-developers app a try : note : this app was developed in the early days of ice cream sandwich ports . at this time none of the ports had native usb mass storage support and this app was meant as a temporary workaround to use ums nevertheless . so this app will not be interesting for you , unless the ics or jb port you use still does not natively support ums . if that is the case , here comes help : the app starts automatically after booting up the device and automatically detects when the device is being connected via usb to a computer . then a notification pops up in the notification bar and by tapping on the notification you will open a gui to enable/disable usb mass storage ; just/almost like the original ums feature . sounds quite good so far -- only your galaxy nexus is not explicitly mentioned on the list of known supported devices . this does not necessarily mean it will not work , but just at the moment it is not known . should be worth a try .
it appears that aokp jb build 4 has : " usb mass storage emulation for certain devices ( i9* ) " i have not used it myself yet .
it may be possible to export a loopbacked image file via usb as ums/msc . you will definitely need : root kernel support : loopback ( /dev/block/loop0 ) and ums ( /sys/devices/platform/usb_mass_storage/ ) custom app to enable/disable this or a custom init script to always export the image file here 's an example for an easy hackable app , a little development needed though . . . one needs to change the default block device ( /dev/block/mmcblk0px ) to the loop0 and also losetup the loop0 beforehand , then build . additionally it could be possible to have it mounted on the android device if it is not exported , e.g. at /sdcard/fat here 's a short test on my galaxy nexus ( in recovery mode ) :
this is the tl ; dr version . sorry , usb mass storage is simply impossible with the galaxy nexus . the reason for this is that usb mass storage gives the pc block-level access to the filesystem , and to maintain the integrity of the filesystem , it must be exclusive access . this is why android phones unmount the sd card and apps can not use data on the sd card while the phone is in usb mass storage mode . the galaxy nexus , however , does not have an sd card . it is the phone 's voluminous internal storage that is being accessed . mtp ( see @zuul 's excellent explanation ) gets around this and lets both the phone and pc access the files without the phone having to be locked out . the down sides are that you do not get exclusive block-level access , and operating system support for mtp just is not quite there yet . if this is a feature you simply can not live without , then your best bet is to use a different phone . not coincidentally , this is one of the reasons i got rid of the galaxy nexus and got a droid razr maxx .
short answer : currently you can not make use of your device ( any device that relies on mtp ) to act as an msc , due to the protocol specifications ! elaborating as to clarify , galaxy nexus uses one massive partition for the entire device , its like saying that : system , data and sdcard are all together . mtp was selected for galaxy nexus because it allows the use of this large storage area , that from a system point of view , insures a better communication with files , provides a more secure file system and gives less trouble to maintain . why is not capable to go your way : there are no separated partitions in galaxy nexus , only one large storage area . even emulating a fat32 file system , one would still need to be able to translate between fat32 and ext4 at a low level . this is practically impossible . if the galaxy nexus had a partition , you could have block-level access and thus you could have mass storage access . long boring version : short background the mass storage class ( msc ) , commonly know as usb mass storage ( ums ) , that we are all used to use on or devices , is a protocol that allows a universal serial bus ( usb ) device to become accessible to a host computing device , to enable file transfers between the two . on the golden days , one just needed to plug in the phone , hit " usb mode " and start moving files , editing files , etc . . . media transfer protocol ( mtp ) things have changed a lot , when we talk of the new transfer method that is being used on your device , the media transfer protocol ( mtp ) : 1 introduction see page 15 zip bellow media transfer protocol , or mtp , is a protocol designed for content exchange with and command and control of transient storage devices . it was been developed as an extension to ptp , or picture transfer protocol , and is targeted primarily at digital still cameras , portable media players and cellular phones . while the introduction still leaves margin for doubt , this protocol was developed and implemented with a very specific purpose : to facilitate the transfer of media files and associated metadata between devices : 1.1 purpose see page 15 zip bellow the primary purpose of this protocol is to facilitate communication between media devices that have transient connectivity and significant storage capacity . this includes the exchange of binary objects and the enumeration of the contents of that connected device . file types supported ? at this point we already know that this is for media files and media based devices , but one question that i have seen on the comments remains : can we copy files other then media files ( audio/video ) ? yes we can : 1.3 mtp object model see page 15 zip bellow the term " media " in " media transfer protocol " is used to identify any binary data , and is not restricted to audio/video formats to which it is commonly applied . some examples of non-audio/video objects include contacts , programs , scheduled events and text files . what about " live edit " ? your question specially concerns the usage of your device ( galaxy nexus ) as an external usb storage drive . why it can not be done ? the mtp protocol limits data to a unidirectional operation , also latter explained that the device storage is used by the computer as a local file : 4.2 unidirectional data flow see page 29 zip bellow the data flow in mtp is always unidirectional . when initiating an operation , data flows only from the initiator to the responder . when responding to the requested operation , the data flows only from the responder to the initiator . during the binary data-exchange phase , data may flow from the responder to the initiator or from the initiator to the responder , but never both . bi-directional , binary data exchange must be performed by multiple operations . advantages vs drawbacks advantages the mtp does carry some advantages with it , mainly concerning the security and integrity of the user data : when a usb host computer has mounted an msc partition , it assumes absolute control of the storage , allowing for example , the file system to get corrupted or reformat to an unsupported type . meanwhile , the mtp overcomes this by making the unit of managed storage a local file that can either be written or read . drawbacks the mtp is not treated as a traditional removable drive , so , no recovery tools can be used to save the day . the support is still underway , some operating systems stile require third-party software . mtp standards ( as mentioned earlier ) do not allow for direct modification of objects . instead , modified objects must be reuploaded in their entirety . references : i hope this clarifies as to why mtp is good ( improvement ) , but otoh bad ( user will have to change habits ) . here 's the reading material used to synthesize the answer : usb . org :: media transfer protocol v . 1.1 spec and mtp v . 1.1 adopters agreement . zip with pdf files wikipedia :: media transfer protocol android central :: mtp - what is it , why use it , and how to set it up microsoft :: media transfer protocol enhanced specification microsoft :: media transfer protocol implementation details the above answer is credited to the contents and authors of this reference links .
there is a nice app full of options , among them , the slide to silence : quick launch - lock screen
you need to use something like widgetlocker for that .
i ended up doing this : transform the data from . csv to . osm download and run osmandmapcreator in osmandmapcreator , let only " build poi index " checked , then click file > build . obf from osm file . . . select the . osm file distribute the resulting . obf file . users can easily use it with osmand .
just a guess , but worth trying : i did the same with locus maps . i created a kml , which imported fine , and could be used as layer there ( locus even supports kmz containing images and more , so you could use that for a " self-made travel guide" ) . the article using kml files on the same site suggests at least the kml part should work with osmand as well , so i considered placing this as answer ( instead of making it a comment ) . this article even explicitly mentions pois – which probably is the reason your linked article contained that few details : you may use any format containing your pois , if you are able to convert it to osm format . and all points inside the kml file are converted into osm points , assigning them some properties like tourism category and museum type . note the categories mentioned here match those on your linked article .
you can backup sms , mms and call logs to your gmail account with this free app . being online , you would not lose your backups even if wipe your sd card or lose your phone . this is better than using titanium backup , as it can sometimes cause issues .
answer : no you can not . reason : you can not install the miui backup app on another rom , because it is a signed system apk . solution : use a backup solution which is available for all roms . if you just want to backup and restore sms , then use the free https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.riteshsahu.smsbackuprestore source : i am a miui beta tester and former moderator on the original forum en . miui . com
i do not think you can use the miui specific functionality , but using titanium backup you can backup your sms and mms : open titanium backup press the search icon at the top and then the filter icon which appears to the right of the search input box at the bottom of the ' filters ' screen , press the " create label " button enter the label name - " sms " press the " add/remove elements _" button find and check the " [ sms/mms/apn ] dialer storage 2.2" checkbox - it may be called ' messages ( sms and mms ) ' depending on what os you are using . press the " ok " button and then the " save " button press the back radio button select the " schedules " tab press the " add new schedule " button located at the bottom on the schedule that just appeared , titled ' redo backups for newer app versions ' , press the " edit " button on the top combo box select the arrow to pull down the menu . select the " backup all system data " option on the next combo box that says " no filtering " , click the arrow to pull down a menu . you should see your label you created . select your label . select the time you want your backup to take place select the days you want your backup to take place press the " save " button check the " enabled " check box to enable your schedule now titanium backup will automatically backup your messages at the specified time and day or days . note : you will need the titanium backup pro key to access the batch operations . you can also backup your call call history by adding ' [ contacts/calls ] contacts storage 2.2' or ' call log ' to a label taken in part from this guide on xda
try http://www.fosshub.com/myphoneexplorer.html for me works like a charm , i have fingerbread 2.3.5
you can use mouse using usb female cable i can use this cable to control my huawei assend d then you can remove the lock to avoid interruption
requirements your phone must be rooted you need a usb cable you need a pc usb debugging must be enabled android sdk or at least adb must be installed on the pc you need to be familiar with command prompts/terminals tutorial connect your phone to the pc open up a command prompt to connect the phone terminal , run adb shell to emulate a power button ( to power on the device ) , run input keyevent 26 to unlock the screen , run input keyevent 82 your phone now is unlocked ! notes this did not work for me but it is confirmed to work with others references to see a list of useful adb commands , visit this site advices install a vnc server on the phone such as this one , and install a client on a pc such as this one , and connect the pc to the phone and then you can use the phone on the pc directly
you can use a usb cable and buy a usb mouse so that you can use that [ a mouse ] instead of touch screen . check out a usb adapter for android that fits your budget [ and make sure it is compatible with your device ] and purchase it .
i made a tool do help even the most the computer illiterate person recover their files using this method . you will , however need to follow the instructions in the article if you have not set up adb . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=51822116
the galaxy grand neo from my reading does not support usb otg . you could just stream videos onto your phone from your pc / desktop , and there are plenty of apps to do that . there is some great further reading in this question " how can i determine if my device has usb host mode and usb otg support . "
you say you have set it up as you being the main owner , maybe that is what is confusing it , can you buy top-up cards , so that your daughter can pay in her name instead , and try doing a restore back to factory settings , and then downloading the games . lori
i got this : ) . everything was working normally , but only the system default packages were deleted . i used lg mobile support tool and update it again , which brings the phone default rom to its original state . thanks for the reply .
there are several approaches possible . some devices already ship with some kind of power management , which just needs to be enabled ( check in settings ) . apart from that , specific power management apps are available in the playstore . e.g. battery life saver can be configured to take actions on " battery low " , like switching off wifi , bt , and others ( not sure if a power-off is included here as well ) . big battery promises to allow a shutdown at battery-low in its donate version . and then there is always tasker to do things like shutting down the device at 20% , or shutting off wifi etc . at 30% , and so on . as a free alternative , automateit can do the same . but i am afraid in both cases , this will require a rooted device .
i fixed it : ) in case somebody is in the same situation , here is what i did : i flashed my phone to its original rom using flashtool ( if u dont know how to use it go here ) thats it thanks everyone
try holding the " back " key while turning the phone on . it sounds as if the phone is in a boot loop . why did you need to install busybox in the first place ? cyanogenmod ( and most other custom roms ) already has it included . i would recommend re-flashing cm6 again .
this link is a discussion of this issue on the android open handset alliance project site . users on this page talk about the problem in detail and discuss some possible solutions . i would recommend you star this issue . if the enhancement is implemented or there is a status change you will be notified and can try again on your phone .
why could not you just make another google account ( they are free ) named something like familyname . schedule@gmail . com and use it to sign on ? it would make it easy for the family then share family events with that calendar and keep their own calendar private using the invite function built into calendar .
as noted in the answers to the questions you linked to it is not possible to just sign out of the gmail application and not other google services . in order to achieve the functionality you want though have you considered using an application lock such as app lock ? with this you can require a pin to open the gmail app . whilst it does not turn off email access it will prevent the whole family from being able to access your mail . n.b. if you have kids using it as well then it might be worth requiring a pin in order to purchase anything on the play store , this might prevent some nasty surprises appearing on your credit card bill . you can see how to do this here .
go to Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Gmail &gt; Disable .
all contacts that have a group will sync . those contacts that do not have a group ( ie " other contacts" ) will not . go to gmail on a pc and choose contacts ( i have not tested from a phone ) . there is a default group called " my contacts " and there is a default group called " other contacts " i would guess you do not have any or very few in " my contacts " . open a contact and make sure they are assigned a group . either " my contacts " or a custom group underneath that . this way you can still have contacts in gmail without having them in your phone . btw anytime you get an email and the contact is new , it is put in " other contacts " .
yes , when you save a contact in the people app it will ask you to save it to " phone " or " google/gmail " . if the contact is saved in the " phone " part , it will not sync .
here is the google play link for google voice , if that is what you have been looking for . total offline answering machine functionality is not possible due to androids technical barriers . see this thread on xda . you can use apps like youmail visual voicemail which sounds promising . if not , you can easily find many alternatives after a quick search on google play .
in fact , the problem was resolved by doing a second factory reset . looks like it is wise to do the factory reset several times before declaring the problem . do this before setting up your screens with your widgets etc . organised and make sure you have a backup .
while i do not know any built-in solution , there are several birthday reminder apps available on the playstore promising exactly that , e.g. : birthdays ( including widgets ) birthdays ( puts them in your notification bar when due ) birthday reminder ( again notifications ) many more the 3 example apps i have picked above use your google contacts to check for birthdays , so you do not need to manage a separate list . others might use their own databases , so check their descriptions . there might be " privacy issues " when those apps have access to your contacts ( which is needed for the birthday reminders ) and full internet ( e . g . for ads ) at the same time , which you might wish to keep an eye on while picking a suiting app .
you can take a look at locus maps , which allows for importing many different formats , including gpx , kml and kmz . if the latter are nicely organized , a kmz can even include images for pois etc . to be used offline ( how to do this , is described step-by-step in this tutorial on the locus forum ) , see the screenshot below 2 for an example of detail display , showing an older version of the app . the app even allows for navigation ( network only needed at the start , for route calculation ) , offline maps ( downloadable right from within the app 1 ) , and much more :
the solution i use is trekbuddy . i have been using this app for the past 5 years in various platforms from java to symbian to android . this app can load offline map and show your ( gps ) position on it . it can show and record your trail ( as gpx ) and you can show predefined way points on the map ( using gpx again ) . being a free project from beginning , it does not have a great documentation and support . in spite of all these downsides , i can still vouch it as one of the most useful and most powerful gps-navigation-tracking app . it requires a bit of learning curve and some serious homework , but that comes at the benefit of using the navigation with out internet connection . there are quite a lot of documentation , tools and how-tos in wiki style in their home page . i have been using this app for my trekking , city navigation and touring . few capabilities of this app are : display a previously downloaded map tiles and over lay current gps position on it . show the trail as an overlay on the map . display previously defined way points on the map display previously defined route on the map . play a sound when the current position is with in a given radius of a way point log the entire trail as gpx switch between various maps available for java , symbian , android , blackberry phones display statistics like average speed , average moving speed , altitude change , number of satellite seen etc as seen in the following image : all the above without internet connectivity all the above free . ps : i am in no way associated with trekbuddy other than i am using it and amazed by its usefulness , which you would have probably guessed by now ; - ) there are other apps like osmand , which can do the above with and without internet connection . few features will not work without internet connection , but all that you asked will work . official google maps now allows pre-downloading map tiles . with this you can select an area which you would be visiting and download them when you are with wifi connection . however there are no way you can record the route . for that you may have to use mytracks app from google .
you can choose one specific route and save it to use later : c|net - save maps for offline use in google maps for android
after some troubled tries i could save ( not sync ) all my contacts . first try was to remove all contacts again and sync with mac address book ( which is also synced with google ) using kies ( samsung ) ; it always crashed when around 80% sync task was performed . then i remove all contacts again , created a vcf file containing all address book data , copied it to the phone and finally imported data from file . just to check sync with google i added a test contact to address book , synced to google and then synced from the phone . the contact was added despite ' sync is currently experiencing problems . . . ' was displayed again .
no , not if you are using the google authenticator app . you will be able to receive the sms with the code , but you will not be able to link the app . always print out your backup codes in case of this : account - security - 2 step verification - backup codes
usually if you place your msgstore . db or msgstore . db . crypt7 file in the following directory on your sd card and reinstall whatsapp it will see it and ask if you would like to restore your old messages during installation . /sdcard/WhatsApp/Databases/  however if your database ( msgstore . db or msgstore . db . crypt7 ) is corrupt you may still be able to regenerate the databases using sqlite3 . the whatsapp database is an sqlite3 database and is stored unencrypted at this path on the android device : /data/data/com.whatsapp/databases/msgstore.db  backups of the database are also stored encrypted on the sd card typically at the following location : /sdcard/WhatsApp/Databases/msgstore.db.crypt7  the unique key for the encrypted backup databases is stored here : /data/data/com.whatsapp/files/key  access to the /data/data directory requires root access . alternatively adb ( android debug bridge ) can be used to extract the above files after booting into recovery on the device . if you are dealing msgstore . db . crypt7 files then you must decrypt them first as follows : ( commands below are run from a linux enviroment ) extract key file : /data/data/com . whatsapp/files/key extract crypt7 file : /sdcard/whatsapp/databases/msgstore . db . crypt7 extract decryption keys from " key " file extracted in step 1: 256-bit aes key : hexdump -e '2/1 "%02x"' key | cut -b 253-316 &gt; aes.txt iv ( initialisation vector ) : hexdump -e '2/1 "%02x"' key | cut -b 221-252 &gt; iv.txt strip header in crypt7 file : dd if=msgstore.db.crypt7 of=msgstore.db.crypt7.nohdr ibs=67 skip=1 note : size of header stripped file in bytes must be divisible by 16 decrypt crypt7 file : openssl enc -aes-256-cbc -d -nosalt -nopad -bufsize 16384 -in msgstore.db.crypt7.nohdr -K $(cat aes.txt) -iv $(cat iv.txt) &gt; msgstore.db once you have you msgstore . db file either by first decrypting the msgstore . db . crypt7 or by extracting it from the /data/data/com.whatsapp/databases/ directory you can now try to regenerate it using the following commands : update : i just wanted to confirm that this method of dumping and regenerating the whatsapp database will not work . i tested this by doing the following : first tested that an old backup was indeed being restored . then dumped and regenerated the database using the procedure below . now tried to restore whatsapp using the dumped and regenerated database . . . whatsapp does not restore any of the messages from the database any more . i am not sure why this happens . is there some other metadata in the sqlite3 database which gets during the dump and regeneration process ? sorry for asking a question in an answer but if anyone knows the answer please let me know in the comments below and i will edit this post accordingly . meanwhile i will make a separate post for this question . echo .dump | sqlite3.exe msgstore.db &gt; Temp.sql echo .quit | sqlite3.exe -init Temp.sql msgstore_new.db  now try to restore your database again if you followed the procedure above correctly you should now have a msgstore_new . db file . rename this file to msgstore.db and place it file in /sdcard/WhatsApp/Databases/ and reinstall whatsapp . choose to restore your old database/messages when asked during installation . reference : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=24566937postcount=3 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1583021
right , the best you can do is download this app called ' aspotcat ' from the google play store . this will iterate through your listing of apps installed on your device . to carry out the task - tap on ' aspotcat ' that is the app that was downloaded from the google play store . tap on ' list apps by permission ' tap on ' system tools ' , this will expand , and there will be a button called ' details ' , tap that . scroll down to see ' disable keyguard ' , tap on the arrow beside it , and it will expand itself , in there , you will see apps that have the permission to do so . this will help you track it down and there should be an app listed in there responsible for disabling the keyguard , uninstall it and fingers crossed it will resolve it !
its called " set up screen lock " . you can find it under settings -> security -> set up screen lock you will want to change it to slide .
same issue for me . solved removing last " maps " app update . found it using " aspotcat " , like t0mm13b said .
this function is also referred to as the " keyguard . " most of the phones that i have had do not allow you to toggle this on and off in the settings . clearly something , possibly another app , toggled this off . i use tasker to manipulate this setting . you may need to be rooted to do this but you can enable or disable they keyguard manually or programatically . there are also third party apps for toggling the keyguard . they are usually advertised as ways to disable the keyguard but they slice both ways . depending on what disabled your keyguard in the first place , you may only need to use this solution once .
i am not fully sure if this is what you want , but you might want to enable the setting " power button instantly locks " setting in the security section of the preferences . ( that is where it is in ics , i assume name and location are similar in gingerbread . )
afaik , cm does not ( yet ) support to configure it . issue 5268 at the cm tracker addresses this ( yours , i take it ? ) - so anybody else affected is encouraged to " star " it . meanwhile , an app named call waiting configurations might provide a work-around ( not sure , i did not test it myself ) until the cm team adds the possibility of configuration . or you could instead activate the checkbox to " vibrate on call waiting": additionally , the following apps might be worth checking : advanced call settings call wait vibrate
you can access the built-in graphic equalizer by going to settings , then sound , then audio effects .
try somee appz like power amp , pro player for equalizer setting
with the stock rom , you will not be able to do anything . consider switching to a custom rom like cyanogenmod . or , if you like the stock samsung experience , you can find several stock based roms on xda which gives you this feature
okay since no one is willing to answer this question , i figured something out myself . here 's the key points : dlna : tcp level , http+soap interface based on upnp technology pull and push media contents remote control play/pause/seek miracast : transport layer protocol ap makes two device handshake , then two device communicate directly via wireless not only stream video/audio contents , but also mirro device screens from one to another .
i am not sure about how to do it automatically . but i know an easier ( than having to find files one-by-one and deleting them yourself ) way you can do this manually . download this file finder app . it lets you search files with any pattern you provide . so in your case , you can search for *.trashes and it will show you all .trashes files from your phone . you can select all files and delete them at once . till the time you figure out how to to it automatically , i guess this should help you .
i wrote an app that removes it , called " trashes " . it can be found on xda .
it will not show if gapps are not installed on the tablet ( some more obscure brands do not come with gapps ) . if gapps are installed , then try and enter it incorrectly 20+ times . this will lock you out . you will only see the enter google details screen if the device has gapps ( google play , gmail etc ) .
in windows , install/use nexus root toolkit to install the playstore . apk , then re-install missing gapps direct from playstore .
i tried to download the gapps from here and installed them from the sd card but nothing happened . how can i get them installed ? perhaps there is not enough memory in system . check and flash a lighter version with only essential apps ( or trim down the package on your own )
solved while investigating to write a better question . apparently when the company migrated from some exchange version to another , something was set on the folders attributes that made android email application ignore it . renaming the folder did not solve . also comparing the attributes that are visible to the user between a folder that sync and one that does not sync reveals nothing . solution is to create a new folder , move the emails and updates the rules , and finally delete the old one .
a factory-reset deletes all the user data . it is as if you had a brand-new tablet ( but any system updates you have previously installed will still be there ) . this means the tablet will not have the password for connecting to your wi-fi network , nor the password for your google account . the first time you turn it on , it will take you through the same initial setup process as when it was new : it'll prompt you to connect to a wi-fi network and log into a google account . if you log in with the same google account as before , it'll still be able to access all the apps ( and books , music , films , etc . ) you previously installed/bought from google play
if you have your keyboard input method set to multi-touch keyboard , then you should continue to get word suggestions even when you have the hardware keyboard open and are using it . if you have your keyboard input method set to swype , you will not receive suggestions .
try booting into safe mode . it should set things right up . you could determine the problem much easier there . that will turn off all 3rd party services , leaving plain android behind . to goto safe mode , press the power button on your device . touch and hold the power off option in the dialog box . touch ok in the following dialog to start safe mode .
normally when you are recieving images in a text message it only uses your data to download it or to show up in your text messages . opening the image after it has showed up in the message does not require internet connection of any type . so far the only phones i am aware of that allow you to use wifi to download images in a text are the iphones , so i am not certain if android based phones are capable of that .
according to the samsung site it was a bug that is now fixed and due to be released in the next firmware update ( whenever that might be ) .
i have experienced the same with my 32gb sandisk micro sd card 10 class using in the galaxy tab 2 . the sd card is genuine so i know that is not the issue . however , i have found this to work for me . format the card on your pc or mac , to ntfs file system . download paragon ntfs / hfs apk app for your android device without any ntfs app for the android , the android will not recognise the inserted sd card format as the android only recognises fat file system put the micro sd card into the device and restart the device ( if the card icon shows in the notification bar , bottom right , ignore ) goto and open on android paragon ntfs / hfs tool apk and check disk / format using the android app restart device again , with sd card inserted , leave card inserted and connect android device to pc , the external disk should now be available formatted to ntfs the card should auto mount via the paragon ntfs app when the device is turned on . i have tried every method possible to have the sd card in the fat 32 , but it just does not last , folder names change , files disappear .
you have no other solution but to buy another one . you are welcome . ; )
i updated my s3 from android 4.1.2 ( stock samsung rom ) to 4.3 a couple of days ago . the problem had happened consistently for me for a year and a half , exactly as described above , in two 4.0 . x ( ics ) versions as well as in jelly bean 4.1 , but in 4.3 it appears to finally been fixed : after the update i copied many files with unicode hebrew names to my microsd card , and they have survived numerous unmount/remounts of the card and phone restarts with no issues . incidentally , another issue i had been encountering was that automatic rescans of the media folders on the card ( done by android 's " media storage " system app ) , which occur every time a card is inserted or the phone is disconnected from usb , were taking a very long time ( sometimes hours ) . this in turn caused issue with syncing my large music library between my mac and phone using the isyncr utility . this issue has also completely gone away , and i suspect that the android media scanner was not dealing well with the corrupted files . additional details : phone : gt-i9300 international version , unrooted , running the official israeli unbranded samsung firmware . card : sandisk 64gb class 10 ( same as original asker 's iiuc ) , formatted to exfat on a mac . i did not even bother reformatting after the 4.3 upgrade -- i simply mounted the card on the mac in order to erase all the existing corrupted 0-length files , which as noted cannot be deleted by the various android file utilities .
yes , just copy the /system/etc/apns-conf.xml file . you can also use an app like apn backup and restore : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.riteshsahu.apnbackuprestore edit : to backup manually-entered apns ( or ones otherwise not part of your rom , such as ones " imported " when you insert a new sim card ) you also need to back up /data/data/com.android.settings/shared_prefs/com.android.settings_preferences.x\xadml  apn backup and restore does not do this .
i know there are tons of ui differences between the nexus and samsung galaxy s4 . however , here 's what works for the s4 , in case it leads you in the right direction . from the google+ slide menu , go to " photos " and tap the desired photo . once open , tap the phone 's hardware menu button , then tap " set as . . . " --> " more " --> " contact photo " and select the desired contact . apologies if your nexus does not have the " set as . . . " menu option .
thats just by the help of google contacts , you cannot do anything on your own , however you can change contact info by yourself , like update the photo to user or contact ! however there is a way , every your contact on google , will be able to get their images in your contacts . but for that their must be some email , phone number , or atleast the name matching the name or other data at the google servers !
here are the steps i followed on my 4.2 nexus 7 . i assume there is an easier way , but these worked for me : open the google + app find an article whose image has the " there be photos here " icon superimposed on it -- it looks like a circle containing a square , and inside the square is a blob that is supposed to suggest a mountain range tap that article tap the photo in the background . this opens a new window whose header is " photos from posts " . tap the menu button in the upper right ( it looks like three tiny squares in a column . . . a bit like traffic lights ) . choose " download image " . go back to the home screen , and find the " downloads " app . open it . find the thing you just downloaded . tap it . now you are in the " gallery " app ; you should see the three-tiny-squares menu button in the upper-right again . tap that . choose " set picture as " . choose " contact photo " . scroll through your contacts until you find the one you want , then tap it . crop it , then click " ok " yikes ! an awful lot of steps .
it could be that the battery is not calibrated correctly . this can cause the phone to think that the battery level is much lower than it actually is , as well as the " jump " when you disconnect from the charger . i am not sure how to fix this without rooting , but if you do decide to root , the battery calibration app in the market can reset the calibration , then guide you through recalibration .
looks like it is a no . star this issue if you are interested in google adding the necessary framework for a hardware alarm : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=1942
each mobile phone has an unique unlock code . you can buy the unique unlock code for your sony ericsson xperia x10 mobile phone in unlocking4u , and follow their free instructions to get free from the locked network .
it does not look like there is any reliable way to unlock it without the unlock code . you should call the carrier and ask them to help you unlock it . most will give you the code if you are persistent enough , and apparently you can enter it by typing *#06# on the dialer .
f-droid is an open source ( and free ) market of android apps . as far as i remember , they are ad free ( or there is at least an in app option to filter the apps ) .
it looks like they explicitly support a few hundred ( 650 , as of this reading ) rewards programs . so they do not support just every last bar code you might want to store , unfortunately . that said , they do show a toys r us reward card in their banner graphic so you had think it ought to upload that one . my guess is that you should nudge them about the reward cards you have not been able to scan : http://www.keyringapp.com/
i played with that app for a few days and if i recall correctly there is an option to manually enter the numbers printed below every barcode or some other unique identifier for the cards you want to use but will not scan .
both works the same way . while the usual adblockers block all ad-related servers/ips , you can do the same for selected ones . provided your device is rooted , you can block their specific ips via your hosts file . just add the server name one per line , and send it to an " invalid " url such as e.g. 0.0.0.0 . an example entry would look like : adserver.myprovider.com 0.0.0.0  of course this would mean you have to figure out the url of the ads displayed . here apps like os monitor might prove helpful , as they show all open network connections : os monitor : open connections and whois information ( source : google play ) when such an ad is displayed , immediately open the connection tab in os monitor and check the list . the first screenshot 1 shows the app in charge is displayed along with the corresponding entry . the status column will most likely hold either *close_wait* , *last_ack* , or ( less likely ) established . tap the entry which seems fitting to get the whois information 2 . on that page you see the hostname right on top ( "dns" ) , which is what you then put into your /system/etc/hosts file as described above . do not forget to clear the app 's cache afterwards , as otherwise cached ads might still be displayed . continue until you caught them all : ) another solution is available for certain providers ( at least here in germany ) : opt-out of provider billing , either completely or for given companies . of course you still need to pay your contract ( that is not what is meant here ) , but you should no longer be automatically charged for ads etc . via your phone bill . which does not mean nobody might scare you with accuses of a subscription you " bought " -- but that would no longer work for those ads .
just get a free keyboard . apk and copy this to your sdcard . install it from there . to find a free keyboard apk file : just do a search on google : " free android keyboard apk " .
you just created a nice chicken-and-egg problem : to install a keyboard via the playstore , you need to configure your google account on the device first . to do that , you need a keyboard . note : never delete the ( last ) keyboard app from the system apps ; a factory-reset removes all user apps , so if there is no keyboard app as system app . . . here 's what you can do -- provided you have got some keyboard as .apk file : enable usb debugging on your device use adb install keyboard.apk to install the keyboard app if you do not have adb installed on your computer , either install the android sdk -- or see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for an " adb lite " variant .
you could check-mark for automatic updates those apps which you care about or just update each application individually .
hi you can use lightflow to setup how the led should act and in stamina mode remember to add lightflow umder apps active in standby mode . settings/powermanagement/stamina mode/+ add application you have many possibilities with lightflow . free version https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rageconsulting.android.lightflowlite full version https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rageconsulting.android.lightflow hope this is will help you .
this is a known bug in xperia z ( sources 1 and 2 ) . currently the only way to restore the led functionality is to : de-select Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Backup my data and Automatic restore perform a factory reset from Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Factory data reset complete the reset manually ( that is , without restoring apps/data from the google account ) hopefully this will be corrected in the next update .
not sure , but maybe tomdroid . not sure about 3 . or maybe soon if you ask for it on their site ?
i am using springpad which meets all of your requirements apart from 4 . but you can long press and select edit which sort of works like you want it to .
this is a new feature as of android 4.2 . it serves two purposes : to focus your camera on what you click on long press it and you get a radial menu of different camera settings to change ( flash on/off , etc ) . this is the exact same behavior as if you clicked the icon in the top right corner of your screenshot .
miui has a built-in call/message filter , perhaps confusingly called firewall , since there is also an actual internet firewall within the , also confusingly called , monitor application ( a comprehensive call and traffic logger ) . works great though . to password protect it just use the guard application , also within miui .
no , 4.3 does not address that at all . you will still have to use the kernel that ziddey has posted on xda-developers . com .
your phone should be fine . android wont route phone calls through headphones though , iphone can be set to do so and uses the phones microphone . an option i use to attach standard headphone to my galaxy s is a simple bluetooth headphone adapter ( £10 from amazon ) , that way i get to use my headphones and make calls via them , plus you can keep you phone in your pocket when skating into town !
this was originally going to be a comment , as i am not 100% sure of its accuracy , but here goes : at least with the stock gingerbread browser , every link that you click makes the browser broadcast an intent to see which apps respond saying that they can handle the link 's target themselves ( like when you follow a play store link and it asks you if you want to open it in the browser ( play.google.com ) or in the play store app ) . since no apps respond the browser essentially ignores it . when you ask to open it in a new tab , the browser already knows exactly what you wantit to do with the link , so instead of querying your apps , it simply opens the link in the new tab ( like opening a new tab and typing in the url ) . so that is why it works when you open in a new tab , but not when you simply click the link . as for a solution , you could try http server , airdroid or similar apps . once you setup the server , your target addresses should look something like http://127.0.0.1/whatever . since this has an http:// protocol the browser recognizes this . edit : to my understanding , you can also use other ( potentially free ) server apps , like airdroid . when it tells you your ip address is http://xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:abcd , you use that when you are connecting from another device , like your computer . but when you are using the same phone that you are running the server on , just go to http://127.0.0.1:abcd in your android 's browser .
there are many storage locations in an android device ( specially in samsung galaxy - series ) . . storage locations which do not require root access : external sd : if your device supports removable microsd card , its mounted on /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ( also hard linked at /sdcard/external_sd ) . internal sd ( also labeled as usb storage ) : this is mounted at /mnt/sdcard ( also hard linked at /sdcard ) . you can access file system of device over wi-fi . to reach storage locations , just follow the paths . here , you can write anything without problem , but there may be problem deleting files/directories here due to limited ftp permissions ( follow last part of answer to remove this limitation ) . if you access file systems using usb connection , there should not be any permission problem . storage locations which require root access : system storage : its protected storage of system reserved for apps . e.g. /data partition . rom : its the storage where firmware files can be located . e.g. /system partition . to write here , you do need root access . if your device is not rooted , you are out of luck . if you are rooted , you can use root explorer or es file explorer to write anything here . note : you need to mount some partitions with r/w access to write . e.g. /data partition is already mounted with r/w access , but /system and /dbdata partitions are mounted with r/o access . accessing them on pc is somewhat tricky : use terminal emulator to mount the partition with r/w access permanently ( if its not ) . install a native linux ftp server and execute it under root user . make sure to configure ftp server for accessing the location you want to access . done ! you can now access this location over wi-fi using any ftp client . update : its not a concern for questioner , but its worth mentioning : when internal sd is not present , removable microsd card might be mounted on /mnt/sdcard ( also hard linked at /sdcard ) . and , all these mount points are decided by manufacturers , firmwares and may be different . so , its always better to check with mount command in terminal emulator .
duckduckgo
i have had pretty good luck with duckduckgo for android . you can also set your browser home page to it or startpage or ixquick .
go to task manager icon from round lighted main icon at bottom center of phone . once task manger is running , click on auto end list and remove your connect music app or any other app that plays music . thats it . also notice before you do the operatino above that musics would stops playing after about 2 minutes . because that is the default setting for the auto end list in the task manager app .
the error message in this case is misleading : it is not that greasemonkey is incompatible with that version number , rather that it is incompatible with firefox for android . the extension mechanism in firefox for android is somewhat different to firefox on desktops , so add-ons for desktop firefox will not work ( in general ) on android . to find out if/when android support is planned , or to help out , you could start by contacting the gresemonkey-users mailing list .
if you think the phone might still be on / not deactivated , you could try installing plan b from lookout mobile . there are other apps that you can remotely load and wipe your memory card remotely so the thief cannot access your photos . however if the thief has since removed your memory cad , he can unfortunately access your photos .
if your memory card is not encrypted then your images and other data is not safe from the thief . vaulty simply hides files , not protect and encrypt them . but then again , most thieves are only after the money . mostly likely they will find a way to reformat your phone , delete all contents , and sell it as refurbished/used on ebay .
quick answer volume control is managed system wide . the android os does not support independent control per application , only per stream type . technical the audiomanager class only provides developers a way to adjust the audio volume per stream type , not per application running . this means that when setting the volume for a specific stream , will affect the entire system . currently available streams : stream_alarm - the audio stream for alarms . stream_dtmf - the audio stream for dtmf tones . stream_music - the audio stream for music playback . stream_notification - the audio stream for notifications . stream_ring - the audio stream for the phone ring . stream_system - the audio stream for system sounds . stream_voice_call - the audio stream for phone calls . most of this screams exists since the api level 1 , and continue to act the same way on the current api level 16 .
my sprint store assistant manager loaded mp3 ringtone maker from google play . he used that for the sms text notification sound . i am delighted since i now can hear when a text massage comes in . the result can be volume adjusted . sadly google reader and google gmail are almost whisper quiet despite his efforts .
if you have your phone linked to your google account , your contacts are , by default , saved to your google account , and you can access them through gmail . even better , if you get a new phone and link it to the same account , it'll have all your contacts again . if it is linked and your phone is turned on you can find it is location through google 's device manager or remotely wipe your phone . keep in mind that if it is linked and they manage to get in somehow , they will be able to access your google account as well , so if you do not intend to locate the device you should unlink your device from your google account , blocking their access to your account . unfortunately , if your device is not linked , or you chose to save contacts locally instead of the default location , there is no way of getting your contacts back , unless your manufacturer offers a way for it and you have enabled it . i believe htc has something for it if you link your htc account .
the option you are citing is the very same . whether it says " about phone " or " about device " is usually dependent of whether it is a phone or a tablet . obviously samsung " thinks big " . to your main issue : you might be able to use a bluetooth device scanner on your pc to give you details on " devices in reach " . details should at least give you clues , so e.g. " edr " is not available before bt 2.0 , ssp was added with 2.1 , etc . ( see wikipedia on bluetooth ) . on the other hand , checking the s3 specs at gsmarena . com ( first address when looking for device specs ) shows : bluetooth : yes , v4.0 with a2dp , edr which should answer your question .
google your device model and where it says all the specs like ram and camera pixels and it should say bluetooth version . if that does not work then google bluetooth versions and look at the dates to see what version it would have .
check out screenshot ultimate . what i would do is enable the folder listener trigger , and make sure the settings points to the correct screenshot folder . after this is enabled , i would take a screenshot normally . then , the app will ask me what to do with it . i would click edit , and crop it .
try to install xperia ray patch from http://www.androidizer.com/update-sony-xperia-ray-to-jelly-bean-4-1-2-latest-rom-version-8-0/ after doing it , flash boot . img . i recomend this nightly cyanogenmod 11 for xperia ray : http://legacyxperia.basketbuild.com/index.php?dir=main/urushi/cm-11.0/nightlies/
the reason for the error is , you have downloaded the wrong package . the downloaded package is not compatible for ray . to download the original package and detailed installation tutorial , read my article given below : how to install kitkat 4.4.2 on sony xperia ray hope this helps .
android 's hotkey to take screenshots is vol down and power pressed simultaneously for about 3 seconds . the delay is there to prevent accidental presses . ( samsung phones hotkey is the power and home button )
you are right that is the way the image should be captured and saved in the folder screenshots . but sadly , some of the rom manufactures remove this feature from the rom , do not know why , but yes they do so and the user is not able to use this feature . i have a phone , qmobile noir a8 and on this phone i was able to capture the screenshot through the very same process and this was the very first phone i noticed android os has this feature too . but then i installed a new custom rom on it . http://www.incpak.com/tech/qmobile-noir-a8-jellybean-4-2-2-download/ ( link for the rom ) and til then , i am not able to capture the screen shot using these buttons . so the rom you are using might not have this functionality or might have been overriden by some other function . if you still can not figure it out , you can try contacting lg for this issue . they would guide you in a better way .
the naming convention is derived from the java standards , and is comparable to an url , but in reverse . the key here is that it has to be unique , that is why it is so specific . in you example , com is the main category which is comparable to a top level domain , which can also be com . next is the company name king , which can be compared to a domain name , and finally candycrushsaga , which could be a subdomain . since the names have to be unique , this naming schema is quite usual , but can sometimes be divided even further by adding a subproject name to the end . for example king could separate games from other apps they have created by using the name com.king.games.candycrushsaga . according to java standards , the first component has to be a valid top level domain ( com , net , edu , gov , country-specific ) , but i remember also seeing package names that did not respect the standard .
once you have created a folder in the apps ( i.e. . i created a " temp" ) and then remove it : 1 . go to the app drawer , apps , and find the panel holding the folder . 2 . menu > edit 3 . press and hold the folder until " remove " appears . 4 . drag to trash can ( remove ) . 5 . save gone .
an easy way to achieve this would be to concatenate variables . you already mentioned setting %INCALL to "1" or "0" . have another numeric one for %NOTSILENT = 0/1 , and then check for %INCALL%NOTSILENT ~ "01" ( you might need to play with the syntax , this just gives the raw idea ; )
you can specify and logic in contexts , not just tasks . do not forget that you can have multiple contexts that must all be met ( logical and ) before the task ( s ) run . try adding the context State &gt; Call [Any, Invert = YES] ; this would mean the profile will only activate 1 ) when a text is received and 2 ) no call is active .
go to Settings &rarr ; Apps &rarr ; All &rarr ; Phone and press the Force to Stop button . phone now will appear
some apps show in the play store but nowhere on your phone . in that case you can go to the play store and open you installed apps area . locate the app that is missing and click to uninstall it . you will most likely be uninstalling the update that cause the problem . make sure the app is still install and saying to install uupdate and then reboot the phone . once the phone is back on you should be able to locate the missing app . also check the status of the app in the play store . the update may not be needed at this time .
same happened to me on my note 3 , and what i found was i had inadvertently turned off the contacts app . on samsung phones go to settings , general tab , application manager scroll to the last page labeled " turned off " . click on the app you need to turn on and select turn on . that did it for me .
try deleting your launcher data from settings : Settings &rarr ; Apps &rarr ; Launcher &rarr ; Clear Data
in your app drawer ( the main one ) , you should see them . you can then long press and drag them to the main bar at the bottom .
on my gs3 i looked under running apps and selected show cashed processes on clicking on one of them it gives the following description Old application process kept for better speed in case it is needed again  i can only assume from this that cache is storing certain data when an app is first ran , so by deleting the data the app will run from new each time
cache :-its a temporary storage file used by websites as well as the applications to store some data on your device . cache memory contains references ( where to store the settings i.e. in which folder it should load or store the source file ) , thumbnails ( images to be displayed in the application ) etc . advantages of cache:- 1 . once you have already loaded the application then your application loads exceptionally fast when compared to the first time load . ( apps like browser will load your websites much faster as they are stored in your cache ) 2 . instead of the application loading the wallpaper from the source ( phone memory ) every time you load the application it will create a buffer memory from which it can directly load the wallpaper saving the processor of the phone from doing this task . disadvantages:- 1 . the website takes some time to load the requested page as there is no buffer memory . this is not much big disadvantage as for the second time the page will load fast . 2 . although your pages are loading fast or the application is responding faster there is limited storage space which the cache memory can store . once it get 's filled / is nearing to then other application/same application will get slow as there is no space for the application to operate .
the knox container will be wiped . knox is a sandboxed instance of android with its own separate security policy . exchange 's device administrator has no access to the contents of your phone outside of knox and cannot wipe your personal data .
elixir is one of the most widely downloaded comprehensive system info app for android .
quadrant also give me the same information that android system info .
try android system info . you will me amazed how much information this application provides .
quick system info is what i use ( and was preinstalled in my leedroid rom )
ok , i kind of fixed it/ worked around it . the issue was with the fstab file . in case of 4.3 and later it is fstab . device in device/vendor/product . this has by default how the partitions need to be mounted when the system boots up which by the way is mentioned in init . rc included in the same directory and gets packed into ramdisk . img . in my case , this file had a " encrypatable:some path " for userdata partition . i removed that parameter , and it worked . interesting to see that the stock ramdisk also uses the same parameter and works . guess , it needs more looking into , but works for me now .
are you using make -j# otapackage ? if so it should result in a zip that should flash with no problems . also fastboot format all partitions to get rid of the decrypt error . if the source is untouched , i.e. the rom compiled is the same as the stock rom , the images should flash without any such error .
it is not actually possible to fully disable the led for gmail without disabling email notifications altogether . your only alternative is to use an app like lightflow ( of which there is a free , ' lite ' edition ) . hopefully there will be a fix for this in a future update .
i do not know if you can change that but you can always install the same keyboard that you had in nexus s . search market for gingerbread keyboard and/or ice cream sandwich keyboard . those keyboard are the keyboard that ships with android . samsung like htc modifies/creates keyboard that differs from stock keyboard . samsung keyboard is very much similar to ios . but unlike iphone style , you can always change keyboard in android os .
ok got it sorted . . . just writing this down incase anyone stumbles across the same issue . . . deleted both accounts and recreated them , now it works : )
use the mobile youtube interface instead of the youtube app ?
apps like tasker or locale should be able to allow you to turn off wifi based on what application is running . see also : useful or cool tasker recipes
open source archive is for the developers or rom cooks . it contains files which can be used when building a kernel . this is mainly intended for experienced developers and not for normal phone users
if your tablet does not provide a usb host port , you will need an usb otg adapter to connect your keyboard . there are many cheap usb otg adapters on ebay and other electronics shops .
you might try my color screen . it is a customization site , so it focuses on launchers , themes , and widgets . because of that focus , you might find it is too much about the appearance of the widget instead of the functionality , but it might be just what you are looking for .
maybe not entirely what you are asking for , but have you tried using appbrain ? it usually does the trick for me in finding any sort of app , widgets included . the screenshots are helpful . to the secondary ( not quite asked ) question , i find android agenda widget to be very easy on the eyes and highly themeable .
it seems that you need to configure the apn . go to the settings of your phone -> wireless and networks -> mobile networks -> access point names . maybe you have none apn configured , so go to the menu to add one . the list of apns by country is here : http://www.androidonhtc.com/wiki/carrier_network_settings in particular for peru you have : claro peru ( america movil ) apn : wap . claro . pe username : claro password : claro proxy : 192.168.231.30 port : 80 i hope that this information is useful . regards !
in order to connect to a given 3g/3.5g network , your phone must support the correct band . based on the sparse information i was able to gather , it seems that claro is using bands ii and v ( 1900 and 850 ) it seems that there are at least three different models of the htc desire , of which the htc triumph / desire us a8182 and htc desire telstra a8183 support bands ii and v . the third model , htc desire a8181 supports bands i and viii instead . if your phone has the correct apn , supports the correct bands , and 3g is not disabled it should just work .
go to the contact you want to add the ringtone to , press the menu button in the top right corner and select Set ringtone . the mp3 file has to be in the /sdcard/Ringtones/ directory for the phone to find it .
just use ds super app2sd lite app , which gives you to system apps to your memory card and this app work in only rooted phone
since a device is " rooted " ( generic android device , no names of manufacturers , this is just a guideline , mileage will vary ) , chances are : boot-loader is unlocked custom recovery is installed the above two usually go hand-in-hand together , along with running a perhaps , custom rom . if the above criteria is held true for that said device , then its a matter of issuing a fast-boot to format all partitions individually as in using fastboot erase xxxxx where xxxxx is one of : boot recovery data system that , may fit the criteria to the vague representation of data clearing industry , or some standard that was stipulated and to be carried out as per the op 's question .
if you are interested in sensors , you might want to watch this google tech talk - sensor fusion by david sachs . accelerometer provides an approximation of angles , but it does not provide a good accuracy . it has a major fault in that it amplifies hand jitters . that can be fixed with a low-pass filter , but that will introduce a delay when there is actual change in angle ( which could cause a visible problem in reactive games and sensor log ) . however , gyroscope is not the king of measuring angles either . gyroscope has a major flaw in that its measurement have a long-term drift . therefore , accelerometer and compass will need to be used to correct a gyroscope .
sufficiently for what , how high a precision ? there are a number of apps that will measure levels and angles purely using the accelerometer , that are good enough for everyday use , after an initial calibration . for examples see the range of spirit level apps available on the market .
seeing a file name like Computer\Nexus 4\Internal storage\Music\Christina St\u7709rmer\Freier Fall\1 Geh nicht wenn du kommst.mp3 points to a special problem with " special characters " ( such as german umlauts ) which got messed up on data transfer : while windoze uses its own character set ( ms-ansi or wone of the win-12xx , depending on configuration ) , android expects utf-8 -- which is why it is a good custom to use only 7-bit ascii characters in file names . due to this mismatch and the " unidentifyable character " , the media scanner most likely has crashed . which resulted in the media database not being populated , from which follows : the players think " no media files there " . proposed actions i would suggest to either temporarily delete or at least rename all affected files , so that no file with " special characters " in its name remains . then have the media scanner run again ( e . g . triggering it with rescan sd ) . once that is finished , i am pretty sure your media player ( s ) will find something to play ( with ) . that being approved , you know what to look for in the future . as said before , i strongly recommend to restict characters in file names to 7-bit ascii -- that avoids a lot of problems , though some names might look a little strange ; )
in the stock rom the nexus 4 default music player should be " play music " with an icon that looks like yellow headphones , never heard of apollo but it is possible this is something your custom rom 's changed . most music players on android get their " media library " from the built-in media scanner service , this should pick up mp3 files stored in any user-accessible storage location on your phone and add them to the scanner 's library . sometimes the media scanner does not " notice " new files you have just added and needs to be told to do a rescan , there are apps on the store that can do this , such as rescan sd , you can find a selection of them with a search of the play store if you run one of those and wait a couple of minutes all of your media should be picked up . it is unlikely from what you are saying , but it is also possible that a hidden .nomedia file may be sitting in your music folder , or one of it is parent/child folders . the presence of this file tells the media scanner to ignore the contents of that folder and it is child-folders . if you find that file somewhere in your music folder 's hierarchy , delete it .
delete the . nomedia found on your music folder . internal and external sd card music folder . install player pro media player . go to settings and point it to where your music folder at on your external sd card . once your songs showed up , it will show on your stock music player too . good luck
your music library might not be set up to scan even the /sdcard0/Music/ folder . connect your android phone the your computer and active " usb mode " on your computer access the sd card on your phone over the usb cable . so on windows it might look like " F:\Music\" as a drive letter . so , in this instance my issue looked like this " F:\Music\Music_aa\" i renamed it to " F:\Music\Music_ab\" the android usb helper service on the phone automatically starts a new scan for all media inside /sdcard/Music/Music_ab on the phone once you disconnect from usb mode . hope this helps .
had the same problem on android 4.4.2 . my solution : move sdcard/music to sdcard/media/music reboot to recovery mode wipe cache ( system cache , not the dalvik one ) reboot system enjoy with google play music ! ^_^
ok guys . . . . last night out of the blue my stock android media apps album and music player could not find any of the photos or songs that were actually in my sd card . after escaping a stroke by a little . . . . and four hours letter after readind a lot of forums i found a solution : for the music player i used an app called " next music " which could actually see the songs . i went to an option called scan by hitting the refresh button , did a full scan and magically my songs were readable by every other app including the stock player . without any rebooting for the photos i used quickpick . it was the only one that could actually see the photos . i opened each folder in my album then by pressing the hard menu key there was an option called " fix date " . did that for every folder and tbey appeared on my stock album app . without rebooting ps :deleting every . nomedia i found did absolutely nothing . . .
neither the pre-installed android music app nor apollo music player could see the files i side-loaded until i flattened the directory hierarchy to one-level . for example , music/band/song . ogg works , music/band/album/song . ogg does not . if only music players could see through those shallow id3 tags and get back to basics !
there are many things that can go wrong when messing around with the network settings , but the main ones to check are : that you have enabled Packet Data and is not Roaming on different network and that you have not set and exceeded your data limit . this can be both from your provider and also as a user defined setting .
avrcp is not supported in most players . mostly in the stock players and cm , s apollo , unfortunately the stock players are crap and unusable in terms of sound quality . double twist player has partial support , song title shows but not album title .
now playing just received support for avrcp , in case that helps .
amazon mp3 player apparently has implemented avrcp -- only app that streams info to my car stereo screen .
the feature uses bluetooth avrcp , the audio video remote control profile . it is used for controlling the app from the receiver ( e . g . play/pause buttons on a bt headset ) . avrcp level 1.3 is possible since ics and improved in jelly bean ; it allows all of 1.0 ( play , pause , next , . . . ) plus metadata information on the track itself ( artist , track name , etc . ) . it was also backported into cyanogenmod7.2 ( gingerbread ) . players themselves have to support avrcp 1.3 too , i guess . apollo might also support this . or just search for avrcp 1.3 in the store .
i was facing the same problem for long time on my galaxy s3 , at last i figure it out by default android sms allow you to send same message to multiple people without converting it to mms . but when you select the option Group Messaging under the multimedia message (MMS) setting it now set group messaging only for mms try un-checking the option hope this will help ( am using default sms of android ) screenshot ( click to enlarge )
i found that too . group text was not checked to start with so i checked it then unchecked and now it is back to normal . thanks for your help
when i just saw my t-mobile bill for feb it became evident that since upgrading the os from version 4.1.2 to 4.3 when i send a ‘group’ text message it creates individual mms messages , one for each recipient . these are picked up by t-mobile and charged for at 25p each even though they are text only and i have an unlimited texts allowance . in addition , if somebody sent me a text message as one recipient of a group text message i do not know it is a part of a group text message but if i reply to the sender then a text message from me is created for each of the recipients . each of these is an mms message and so i get charged 25p for each reply message even though i don’t know it has happened . i rang samsung and said i am fed up with problems with os version 4.3 and asked for version 4.2.1 to be re-installed . they referred me to one of their samsung repair centres , the pocketphone shop in cheshunt , to re-install version 4.1.2 . however , when i rang them they said they are not able to this but if i bring my phone in they will investigate my problem . chris at the pocketphone shop did some investigation and then told me that if i go into text messages , settings and then scroll down to multimedia message ( mms ) settings there is a parameter ‘group messaging’ . if this is ticked , when sending group text messages individual mms messages are created . however , if this is unticked , group text messaging still works but the messages created are sms messages and not chargeable mms messages . well done to chris and i hope this adds additional assistance to the previous helpful messages in this forum .
the underlying problem here is that these apps are assuming , rightly so , that there will always only be one destination number ( that is , only one sim ) . android does not officially support dual sims . from stackoverflow : android dual sim card api . . . the dual sim features are available but not documented and hence not officially supported . having said that it does not mean that it will not be usable , it just means that android is not liable to support [ that ] functionality . also , dual sim card android the current android platform does not have support for multiple sims . a device with such support has been customized for this , so you will need to get information from that device 's manufacturer for any facilities they have to interact with it . a third question was even asked specifically about building an app for dual sim handsets that has gone unanswered , likely for this reason . so , while it sounds like a reasonable expectation , without official support or apis for developers to use i would not expect many apps to account for two destination numbers . from a consumer perspective this means that we are at the mercy of manufacturers to develop apps that function correctly with two sim cards . unfortunately it sounds like the your phone 's stock messaging app is not fitting this bill . try reaching out to xolo .
since android does not appear to have an easy way to get this information , have you looked into getting the messaging information from your phone bill from your carrier ? i am not sure if all carriers do this , but on the carriers i have used , if you receive a " detailed " bill with complete usage records it will have a list of time and date and phone number for all incoming texts . sometimes this information can be accessed through the carrier 's website as well . if your carrier ( s ) support such detailed billing , it should be easy to correlate between the phone records from your carrier and the messages on your phone .
well , at last i found the answer keeping @t0mm13b as inspiration . the problem is on the messaging app and go sms app . so i had to find out a suitable app for my need . youni sms is one such and it is working so great . it is clearly marking as sim1 or sim2 for every sms received and sent .
i found that even after changing the setting it did not use the new keyboard . i had to do a long press in a text field . that showed an option for which input method to use . once selecting the new keyboard it worked all the time .
yes you can . i have used swype as well as touchpal keyboard as alternatives . once you install any new keyboard , just go to settings > language and keyboard to set your keyboard/text settings .
use the popular barcode scanner app , it gives you a " share via barcode " option in the " share " menu when viewing a contact .
there are two ways to create custom ringtones . 1 ) through an android app from the play store 2 ) real player mp3 cutter which cuts the mp3 from the desired starting time ( from where to start ) and the end time as well ( till where it should play ) now for this- " considering that i do not want to cut the track to the point that i want my ringtone to start from ? " is completely irrelevant because without specifying/cutting the start time how will the audio file start to play as all the audio/video files start from 00:00 . the audio file cannot randomly start anywhere you like . it has to have a point where you need the song to start ( 00:00 till the end but not from 2:50 till end ) . ex :-suppose you have beethoven audio file in which you want the phone to ring from 4:00 till 4:35 i.e. 35 seconds then with the help of a mp3 cutter you will set the starting point from 4:00 and ending point to 4:35 . after you have set the slider then you need to cut that particular portion and it will be set as 00:00 to 00:35 . this song will not replace the original beethoven song but will add an extra song of just 35 secs as a ringtone .
well , i do not think that can be done ! why do not you use several mp3 cutter to cut the song over to the appropriate place you like , there are just load of song cutter apps available over the playstore as well as software are also available for the pc 's . i have tired searching over the playstore and got several apps names mp3 cutter which can help you out with cutting the ringtone to the specific point and then then you can set that as your ringtone .
try a different usb cable . or try plugging it into a computer to check if it is the cable .
you would need to compile a custom kernel that is capable of mounting loop devices , or find a custom kernel for that device that already has that feature built-in . after a bit of digging , i found this guide on my phone 's support forum . it is a bit dated , but the information is still relevant . it shows how to boot a debian . img file . unfortunately , it does not really detail exactly what is needed for loop support , just that loop support is needed . but it is definitely possible , as i have personally run this on my phone for a short amount of time .
try : mount -o loop /sdcard/myimage.img myimage . " myimage " is where you can view the contents afterward .
ok , i have jumped the gun here and asked a question without trying things out first . the solution is simple and very secure . first , you create a pkcs12 combo-key on the server that combines the server certificate , the client certificate and key with openssl pkcs12 -export -in android.cer -inkey android.key -certfile ca.crt -name android -out certs.p12 . during that you hafta issue a decrypt password . you are perfectly safe transferring that combo-key to the sd card . next , you import that in the android secure storage and then you can delete the pkcs12 key . after that , you are good to go , the keys are in a password protected vault and thus inaccessible to anyone else . it goes without saying that you need to protect your phone with a unlock password .
if you maintain the openvpn server , you can generate keys that require a password to be used . the technique is described at http://openvpn.net/index.php/open-source/documentation/howto.html#pki . scroll to the section titled generate certificates and keys for 3 clients . you will want to use the build-key-pass script to generate a password-protected key . this will prevent your key from being used maliciously if your phone falls into the wrong hands , though i am not entirely sure if cm 7 's openvpn implementation supports it . if you do not have the ability to use build-key-pass to generate and register your own keys , then there is really no practical way to ensure the safety of your key without full-device encryption .
im dont exactly know how ailplay works , but is this what you are looking for ? https://market.android.com/details?id=cx.hoohol.silanoid
the best option skifta . it uses dlna and worked with my media center extenders as well as other windows 7 computers .
looks like a similar issue has been raised in the google code repository for android at : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=3678 i have just tested this with a few browsers on gingerbread - namely firefox , dolphin hd and the native browser . neither of them like to navigate to the file directly , but accessing the file through search results ( e . g . google ) seem to prompt the browser to download the file . it may be worth cross-checking the configuration for the pdf mime-type on your web server . the standard mime type is application/pdf .
for better compatibility you might consider removing the spaces in the filename . other than that i do not know what the problem could be .
usb , mini-usb , and micro-usb cables are standardized , the voltage and amperage are the same across all standard compliant usb chargers . as long as the charger is a standard , generic micro-usb charger then it should be alright . that does not make it impossible for a manufacturer to create a non-standard plug that looks like a usb plug , but they are pretty much screwed up if they do so .
no it will not cause any damage . any generic charger will do . i use a generic car charger like that all the time .
an official usb cable on the connector there should be a usb " trident " logo on the top , as well look for shorter tx and rx pins on the middle row of four , the two outside pins are ground and power ( +5volts ) . if not i would suspect it was not really an official usb device . not a fool-proof method but a good quick way to check with your own eyes .
whilst it will not cause an issue , i have noticed with my htc desire that non-official chargers are seen as " usb " chargers by my phone whereas the official chargers are seen to be " ac " types . this is significant because my phone will only draw 500ma in usb charger mode , but will happily pull 1a+ in ac mode . it is all down to the usb battery charging specification , which specifies that if the d+ and d- pins are shorted with a resistance of at most 200 ω , additional current can be delivered . the short disables data transfer , but allows devices to detect the dedicated charging port and allows very simple , high current chargers to be manufactured . the increased current ( faster , 9 w charging ) happens if both the host/hub and devices implement the new charging specification .
micro-usb is standard size and pinout , so it will provide the power on the right pins no matter what charger that you plug into the device . usually any charger that has the micro-usb plug will work . additionally , in most modern batteries , there are a lot of charging safeties inside the device itself , including overvolting , undervolting , charging too quickly , charging when the battery is too hot or too cold , and reverse polarity . i would be surprised if it would be possible to buy a charger on the market today which would ruin a phone .
upgrade your phone to latest jellybean stock rom and flash speedmod kernel from odin . right now is one of the most stable combinations for the galaxy s ii . if you want more performance you can always install siyah kernel and tweak it for your needs . also remember to do a full nandroid backup before flashing anything and wipe /system , /data and /cache before installing jb from odin .
more of a status update than an answer : jelly bean 4.1.2 allows a landscape rotation on small screens . i previously had the same experience ( accidentally changed the rotation but could not reproduce it ) -- i received the system update yesterday and was pleasantly surprised after the reboot :- )
it looks like those roms just do not support app2sd . someone else was asking about it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=12193603postcount=453
according to this forum post , the sd card is not fully encrypted . rather , after you enable encryption any new data is encrypted . so for example , if you take a picture , then enable encryption , then take another picture , the first picture will be unencrypted but the second will be encrypted ( assuming your pictures are saved to the sd card ) . if you pull out your sd card and try to look at the pictures elsewhere you will only be able to view picture #1 . however , putting your phone into pc mode and connecting it to a pc will allow you to view and copy both the encrypted and unecrypted files . at least according to that post . so to answer your question : no , you will not lose the ability to plug in your phone to your laptop and edit or view data on the sd card .
i think so . i have files that i used to copy from my sd card to my pc using the usb mass storage option under the " usb connection " pop-up that i could use -- no problem . i checked the flag under settings-> location and security-> data encryption-> storage encryption and now i can not read them . i tried unchecking the box , it says that future files will be decrypted , but existing files will remain encrypted .
google play is only for android apps . android apps do not work on the chromebook , which is why you only see the tablet listed in the play store . the chromebook is basically the chrome web browser wrapped in a keyboard and screen and that is it . you can check the chrome web store for an app for her bank , but even if there is one , it is likely just going to be a shortcut that loads the bank 's website . if there is not an app for it in the chrome web store , just bookmark it for her . and to answer the overall question , you can have as many android devices tied to the google account as you want and it is not a problem having a paid app on more than one device , as long as it is signed in to that google account .
i cannot comment on how reputable they are - i have not had any issues but your milage may vary - but i was able to install chrome on my kindle fire hd via the http://1mobile.com marketplace . you have to register and install their client on your kindle , but then it works like the built-in appstore . i would use it for free apps ( and check the permissions any app asks for ) . on the whole i have not found much improvement using chrome vs silk ( partly because some of the chrome functionality requires google services - eg for login - and that is not present ) but if you need it then it seems to be a good way to go , and it keep it up to date as new releases are made available
you could start by not overclocking the device . that is a common cause of system instability even in roms that are usually stable . if it is still unstable because of that , it could just be instability caused by ( bugs in ) the rom you are using . try flashing back to the the stock htc rom . if it is still unstable after flashing back to the stock rom , it could be that your overclocking of the device has caused internal components to overheat , permanently damaging them . one of the functions of the cpu power governor is to slow things down when the device is overheating . overclocking the device , or using a custom rom where the governor is replaced by a less cautious or buggy one , defeats that protection , risking that kind of damage . if that is happened , you probably need to replace your phone and be more careful next time .
a similar question on stack overflow says you can find this info through the api - android.net.TrafficStats , or /sys/class/net/statistics on pre-2.2 systems . this might help you , i hope . i wonder what happened to the widget that question 's poster was writing . . .
your carrier would keep track of how much you have downloaded over 3g . i highly , highly doubt they do enough logging to tell you where all of it came from though ( and if they did , they had probably make you pay to access the logs if they let you at all ) . there is no way to tell exactly what you have downloaded over wifi , apart from browser history for file downloads if you have never cleared the list . presumably you could modify android to log everything , but as far as i know it has not been done up till now .
try adb shell ls -l /sys and check the output . most likely , access to the /sys/module directory has limited access . it does not matter that your device is rooted , when you are not using your root powers . to view the contents of " restircted directories": # open a shell adb shell # obtain root permission su - # now access your target ls -l /sys/module  when issuing the su - , you will have to approve a popup to confirm superuser access − at least on the first try . you then can tell your superuser/supersu app to remember your choice .
first , see my relevant answer over here in regards to " killing tasks " , especially the use of task killers . the only way to stop these background tasks is to either : turn off any sort of background notifications the app does ( check the settings for each app ) uninstall the app or if you are rooted , you could " freeze " it with titanium backup . beyond that , you are not going to be able to do much more . it is up to the programmer to decide when he needs to have a background task run , and a good programmer will let you have to turn these background tasks off ( usually it is caused by polling for notifications ) .
use advanced task killer ! awesome app .
typically i found this after finding the same problem . i too just turned the brightness all the way down . you can get back in by holding the power for a while and restarting . . . might do it again and turn the brightness back up and see . tracker1972 edit- brightness back on automatic , now working fine again :- ) good luck with yours !
you do not have to reboot your whole phone , just get your battery out once , put it in , restart your phone , go immediately to your brightness settings , put it on high , and keep it always high , solved my problem at least .
i know i had the same problem . what you have to do is reboot the phone .
i think the key is the little may be hidden in there ( different paragraph from the one you quoted ) . if you leave " scanning always available " on then basically the wi-fi will blip on and off every so often just to see what is around . . . this could be enough for a nearby wireless network to detect/track you . if you read the google plus post ( and bare in mind it is by the person who wants you to download his software ) it actually points out you can still turn your wi-fi off in latest android ( off in the sense you had expect - " one solution is shutting off wi-fi completely" ) . the paragraph you quoted is a bit of a dogs breakfast . . . the first part happens ( wi-fi networks will be able to see the mac address of any device polling them ) . the only reason the second part would happen is when your device knows about wireless networks with SSID broadcast turned off ( it used to be recommended to turn this off , but now the opposite is true for this reason ) - if it knows of such cloaked networks it'll poll each network it meets to see if it is one of the ones it knows ( simplified ) . there is also allegedly some " known network sharing " between your device and google for the purpose of backing up your network settings to the cloud , but this is not available/visible to the wi-fi network . so the benefits . . . disable wi-fi completely a strange feature since the author recognizes you can do this with stock , but you would not want to because you had loose the " scanning always available setting " . random mac address this could be useful , it certainly defeats a series of networks from tracking your device 's movement , but so does turning of wi-fi completely . mac addresses are supposed to be unique , and while it is a large namespace , one wonders with a randomizer if collisions will happen ( if two devices have the same mac address they will not work properly on wi-fi ) . if you visit places that have mac address filtering or identification ( for legitimate reasons - your home network , a business network , a company that provides free wi-fi for a period and tracks that you have accepted their terms ) you may find your device no longer works although there is mention of a setting that will restore your stock mac when wi-fi is on . war mode sounds like it just changes the mac address more frequently ( possibly during a wi-fi session ) but this is not without processing overhead .
i am not an expert on the subject but if you hold down the power key for ten to maybe thirty seconds you can get them to reboot completely . mine got stock on a screen when i first got it . it just stock on some arbitrary screen but that i think how i got it to reboot . but i am not sure how long you have to hold down the button but it is some length of time .
in this case you have to hard reset or re install android on your tablet . now the both method varies from tab to tab . for android installation info see http://mytabletguru.com/reinstall-android-os-on-tablet-pc/ for hard reset info http://mytabletguru.com/differnt-hard-reset-factory-wipe-methods-for-tablet-pc/ it will be much easier if you can give the tablet model no and brand . also refer this video will be of great help . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hern0-gcqqe
at this time there is not a way to attach a contact . you would have to copy and paste the details or use a different messaging app . hangouts is still lacking in many essential features , unfortunately .
each " hangout " you create is a seperate entity . if i open a chat with you only , then that is a hangout , and nobody can be added to it . if i open a chat with you and abqnm for example , that is a new hangout . and so on . so if you are talking to me and we decide to bring abqnm into the hangout , you need to click the + symbol for a new hangout , and me and then add abqnm into it . it is a whole new entity . if we then want a third person it . . . you guessed it another new hanout needs to be created .
please try this . to setup proxy address on avd : go to settings> wireless and networks> mobile networks> mobile networks settings> access point names add access point by clicking "+" button and then type favorite name for name , favorite name for apn , fixed proxy and port . if necessary put user name and password . to setup dns address on avd : run below command . emulator -avd &lt ; machine_name&gt ; -dns-server &lt ; dns_ip_address&gt ; fyi : https://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#dns
it depends on what application you record your voice with . but maybe it save the voices in a folder which is hidden . ( the folders which have dots at the first of their names . )
do you still have a link to the ebay listing , is it active ? a lot of the phones on ebay are fake/imitation phones . some even have user interfaces made to look like android , but are actually running a basic feature phone os . tools like htc sync and adb that only work with the real hardware often fail when tried on these devices .
the easiest way probably is to turn the mechanism around : instead of letting windows do the sync , let the android device take care . from there , you should have full access at least to your sdcard ( internal as well as external ) . so all that is needed is a possibility for the android device to access your windows pc . on your windows pc , create a " share " ( i.e. . share a directory to the network ) on your android device , install an app like e.g. foldersync in foldersync , configure your " folder pairs": which directory on your android device should get synchronized with which directory on the windows share . you can sync manually , or in time intervals . you even can restrict it to wifi , so it would not eat your data plan ( i am not sure wether you can restrict it to a specific wifi network , so it would e.g. only sync at home -- but that is possible to do as well at least with some similar sync app ) .
the bad news is there is no obvious/direct way to get a drive letter assigned to an mtp device . the mtp protocol operates at the file level rather than the filesystem/fat cluster level , which is supposed to protect in some ways users from accidentally doing things that could be really destructive to their phone 's filesystem ( eg : reformat in a different format , corrupt the filesystem , making your phone appear to not work right when the sd card unmounts to remount on the pc , etc ) . . . so you are not going to have the level of detailed info about the filesystem necessary for a program like treesize to accurately display the usage of the drive . there are a number of different threads i found online about ways to make windows trick a mtp device into being treated as a mass storage device , but most of them appear to be false leads , or something that might ( or might not ) work on xp but is unlikely to work on a newer os like windows 7 . nothing i could replicate on my own machine . most of those hack solutions seem to rely on such things as tricking windows into using the mass storage device driver instead of the mtp driver . there do appear to be programs that attempt to sync over mtp mode as best they can ( ie : the apps can compare the files by size , but it can compare by date/location/filename . here 's one for mac : http://www.sync-mac.com/mtp-sync.html and one for pc : http://mobiletechpundit.blogspot.com/2012/02/syncing-mtp-devices-like-android-based.html ( puresync ) . another option is to look into apps that run on your phone that manages the syncing as izzy suggested . additionally , if your phone is an htc phone , it may come pre-installed with an application called htc sync which can sync files between the phone and pc . another less automated way to get copies of " everything on your phone " onto your pc would be to just use adb to backup your entire device filesystem regularly . not quite as nice as a direct sync app since restore using adb is all or nothing , however , if you have the right apps installed on your pc you can manually extract a specific file of interest from a specific backup archive ( presuming you remember your backup password ) .
i once tried to format my microsd card in my razr with a safestrapped rom . my phone rebooted and i ended up having to reinstall my rom . buy a microsd card reader and format with your pc . if you have a friend that has a digital camera , you could ask them to format it for you . you would need a microsd to sdcard converter tho .
this does not specifically exist , however there is the android backup system , which allows you to reinstall all the apps from the google server 's on the inital setup of the device . this will queue all the apps for install from google play . it comes on all android 2.2+ devices , however it is very temperamental . other than that , you could use a dedicated backup app such as titanium backup pro to regularly backup your apps , allowing you to restore them in one click should you need to . google play does not offer what you stated . ios offer 's this because they do not have permissions to show you ; )
stock android does not support ad-hoc wifi networks . if you have a rooted device , it is possible to work around this limitation as described here . basically you can install a custom rom that has this feature enabled , or manually configure the wpa-supplicant , or if you are feeling adventurous you can compile your own patched copy of wpa-supplicant that fools android into thinking that ad-hoc networks are regular infrastructure mode access points .
i am surprised by what you are saying , so let me recap . yes , most networks send out their ssid ( it is called a beacon ) . if your wifi is enabled and you have not disabled scanning then your phone will listen for those beacons and try to match the ssid in the beacon against your phone 's list of ssid 's . depending on your settings it will also use the beacon to determine your current location and possibly even send the beacon 's mac address to google so google can keep its wifi location database up-to-date . so far this is all passive - it is just listening for beacons . the phone does not need to actively try to connect to networks unless some of the networks do not send out beacons ( hidden networks , as mentioned by @chahk ) . but even if you have some hidden networks in your list , i thought that android did not actively try to scan for those networks ( send out probe requests ) . actually , i remember people complaining about this , and 3rd party apps being written to address it , e.g. see " hiddenssid enabler " in the play store . has this changed ? can you tell me where you read about this ? if so , the only solution i can think of is to purge hidden networks from your list of known networks .
this is for the nfc functionality . those contacts are used to transmit the info to and from the receiver/transmitter on the back cover ( seen below outlined in green , though you probably guessed it : ) ) . they have to put it on the back cover because nfc only works for usually no more than a few centimetres , and they need a way to feed the information back to the phone system itself . it is discussed more in this post on another android forum .
turned out to be a hardware fault in this particular circumstance a faulty connection between the flex cable that connects the volume buttons and the motherboard . . . reseated the connector and ' safe mode ' was gone next time i restarted . found this by trial and error - do not know of any way to narrow down the cause with the help of software . so wish i had checked that connector before i went and wiped everything . . . doh !
i had the same problem . spent a night to fix it . first i thought it to be a software issue . . browsed and tried infinite fixes . i tried re seating flex cable that connects the volume buttons and the motherboard . i tries to factory reset through boot loader . thought of flashing a different rom . dint work out for me . here is what worked for me . open the back panel of the tablet . https://www.ifixit.com/guide/nexus+7+power+%26+volume+button+cable+replacement/9926 flip up the retaining flap on the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' connecting to the mother board . do not pull out the cable now . be ready to pull out the cable . 3 . press the power button to switch on your tablet . 4 . the moment you see google logo , pull out ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . this will disconnect volume down key , which forces the tablet into bootloader . 5 . now the tablet is on in normal mode . 6 . plug the ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' into its mother board socket . 7 . close the panel and enjoy using your tablet . be very careful with ' power and volume button ribbon cable ' . a slight twist or bend will short the connections inside the cable . p . s : after powering on , try not to switch off the tablet . the volume down key might malfunction again and your tablet might go back to boot loader . charge it before the battery dies out . in worst case , you will have to repeat the above steps again . messing with the power keys cable is not always a good idea :d the volume down key and power key combination lets you to go into boot loader . so when volume down key is malfunctioning , your tablet might go for a toss . this could be for various reasons , a . volume key is abused b . volume key cable is damaged c . mother board is unable to supply enough power to volume keys . d . volume keys socket in the mother board is damaged .
within gmail while at the inbox screen if you click menu and then label settings you should then be able to check notify once and then you should get notified for every new messages as a group .
this process needs refining as it may call for disabling more items than needed : force stop , disable , and clear cache on the following : chrome google account manager , google play services , google play store , google services framework change location mode : System Settings &gt;Location &gt; Mode &gt; Set to High Accuracy re-enable the items disabled in step 1 avoid consenting to google 's location service requests : )
the issue is actually caused by the feature that i wanted to make use of : sleep mode . for some reason , if the option to disable pebble notifications while in sleep mode , all pebble notifications are disabled , regardless of sleep state . ( the release notes indicate that this was already fixed , but that apparently is not the case . ) since i can disable notifications at the watch ( thanks , @gathrawn ) , i have no need for preventing light flow from sending notifications to my pebble while i sleep . simply disable the sleep mode check for send to pebble in light flow , and notifications will start flowing .
most secure way : backup all apps with their data with titaniumbackup . backup all data from sdcard . delete some apps to free space on device 's memory . check if all transfer-checkboxes in s2e are available now . if not - free up some more space . transfer all apps , data etc back to device 's memory in s2e . format sdcard again with setting sd-ext partition size bigger or equal than current . restore all data to sdcard . reconfigure s2e without ticking " mount as ext4" option ! restore all apps in titaniumbackup . please , be very careful . i am not responding for any damage or data loss . please , correct me if something missed or excess here .
it is entirely possible that your carrier 's network has noticed you downloading large files and throttled or shaped your bandwidth - particularly if that file put you over 2gb of data for the month , which it sounds like it would have .
if you are trying to download dvd images , you probably hit the 4gb size limit of the fat32 file system . this can only be circumvented by using another file system , such as ntfs or ext2/3/4 . but , unfortunately , the odds are your phone does not support these formats , so you can not download files this large if you can not find them split into smaller parts . of course you can try to reformat your sd card as ntfs and see if the phone recognizes it , but do not hold your breath .
install astro file manager . go to its Preferences from options menu and check Enable Browser Download . ignore warning and tap ok ( the warning is fake ; it has been patched ) . now , you can download any type of files from web using dolphin browser hd .
as said in the comments it looks like your volume button could be broken . a good way to check if this is the case is to disable it . there are some great threads on how to do this so i will list a few here that you can check out . if the case is that the button is broken , let me know in a comment ( on this answer ) and i will help you out . threads : http://forums.androidcentral.com/lg-optimus-g-pro/284907-how-disable-side-volume-buttons.html http://androidforums.com/droid-support-troubleshooting/33602-disabling-volume-button.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2125810
if you have multiple users on your tablet , this means that the apps are installed by another user , and therefore take up space without being installed under your user account . just open the other accounts and uninstall the apps from there .
in the menu there is an option to uninstall for all users so you do not have to loging in to each user on the main .
this depends on the device . there are devices that have more accurate sensors , which can display the distance in cm correctly , but some sensors only report the distance as " near " or " far " . if your device only gives the two states , android uses the sensor 's maximum detectable distance as the " far " state ( in this case , 9cm ) and 0 as the " near " state ( which translates to 0cm ) . source : position sensors | android developers
check you ' contacts ' setting : open you ' contact ' -> go to options -> ' contact to display ' . see what is checked , setting it to ' phone ' should bring you phone contacts .
try concepts like jtag . . . as far as i know , it is the only method to take a complete image of a non-rooted device . correct me if i am wrong
it is impossible to obtain block level access to a block device without root , since all of those files grant the write permission only to root . at least i have never seen it any other way and i doubt that the s3 is an exception here . it is not because it is technically impossible , the default permissions simply forbid it . a this is done for a pretty good reason : it would be a major security issue if this was possible : the normal user could get a dump of all the filesystem data .
Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; Google+ &gt; UNCHECK "Keep Contacts up to date"
i did not want all of my google contacts to display because that is not where i store phone # 's . i was able to get the gs3 to only show contacts that have a phone # by going to : contacts > click on settings button , scroll to bottom and click on settings again and then choose " only contacts with phones " . this way , i have my google contacts on there , but not the ones that i use only for emailing .
an option i went with was that in my g-mail account , i deleted all my contacts . i then synced my s3 with my google account so that it updated with the 0 contact list . once i cleared my contact list from my phone , i unchecked the syncing option so that i would not have this problem again . back on my gmail account , i undid deleting the contacts so that i could retain my contact list in my email ( revert it back to before this process ) , but still have 0 of those contacts on my s3 . hope that helps ( even though it is 2 months late ) .
if sparx 's answer is not an option , the i suggest to simply hide the google+ contacts in the app . this does not prevent syncing but it is a sufficient solution . for ics open the contacts app , select the list view and press the context menu button , which should present a menu with the " contacts to display " option .
open the google+ app . click the menu button and choose settings . uncheck add contacts from google+
i have noticed that it only worked when i have english us selected in the ( choose input method ) , all others did not work for me , i live in canada . english in canada did not work also having it set on automatic did not work either . thanks
have you downloaded the files for you language , that supports offline voice recognition ? under google now , hit the menu button at the bottom , select settings , select voice , then the option to download offline speech recognition . also , it could depend on what rom of jellybean you are running . some things work better than others in certain roms . . .
open facebook on your browser instead of running the facebook . app . tap on any photo to open the context menu with download option .
you can download chat shared photos on android . i saw a quick tip here .
touch the image and it will be viewed bigger . then hold the menu button . a menu will come up . go for Settings - Save Image to save the image and it will be saved to your photo album .
no there is no least possible way to call through the laptop ( either windows or mac ) even if your headset is connected or not . ( try the play store for any apps if possible ) you can only send messages through samsung kies air but not calling
voicemac makes calls and smses via google voice . you can choose one of a gv number - which you keep , so your friends and family can recognize it - or you can port your existing phone number into gv . the incoming caller id will show your gv number ( but no name ) . another option is to use skype and validate your cell# as your skype caller id .
all that depends on your device , which must support this as well . android itself does support this since 3.1-honeycomb – and i e.g. successfully use an external keyboard with my tablets , which is just plugged into the usb port . the keyword to look for is usb-on-the-go . we already have more than 60 posts on this topic , which you might wish to check ( or start with the 9 most frequented to easier get to the core points ) . if those leave open questions , feel free to ask those in separate posts : ) edit : as dan correctly points out in his comment , if your device has a full-sized usb port , there is no need for otg . see our usb-host-mode tag for that .
the people application itself is an htc exclusive , but merged contacts from multiple sources ( gmail , exchange , twitter , facebook , sim , carrier phonebook , etc ) is a standard android feature for 2 . x ( maybe earlier ) . by default the system tries to intelligently merge identically named contacts , but you can manually add/remove contacts from the merged identities .
open up the memo application ( or anywhere that you can enter text ) , enter the " ki " that is giving you problems , highlight it and hit the swype key on the lower left ; it will prompt you to delete the word . in general it will remember new words that you enter ; you may have to type them out letter-by-letter first .
capitalizing in swype is pretty easy . if i wanted to swype Joe i would hit the j and then swype to a point above the keyboard on the screen , then back down to o and e . if i wanted to do JOE , i would swype from j to a point above the keyboard , then do a little loop while still above the keyboard , then swype to o and e . so , in order to get a capital I , hit the letter i and the sweep up above the keyboard and then let go .
actually i had the same problem as you , and i searched the help dictionary . you have to swype from " i " down to the spacebar in order for it to auto-cap . it is not as easy to find or widely known . also as a heads-up you can do this with " a " too . the brilliant thing about it is that you only have to be close to the " i " and " a " in order for it to space/cap .
is your phone also rooted ? you could install rom manager , and then clockwork recovery . rom manager has an option to flash a stock rom back onto a phone ( with or without root status ) . or you could try out cyanogenmod . cm7 nightlies just started , so we should see a stable version soon . ( cm7 has gingerbread with optional google apps . cm6 is froyo . )
check out this thread , original rom , which is about returning a nexus one to an unmodded rom .
as @jasir says . your alarm will still work in airplane mode . be careful as there is another setting on your phone . clock > alarms > menu > settings > ' alarm in silent mode ' you will need this ticked if you put your phone in silent ( saving more battery ) and still want the alarm to go off !
yes . airplane mode ( flight mode ) only disables your phone 's signal transmitting functions , not the functions that do not require a signal to function . your alarm will still work .
that appears to be your carrier 's delivery report code . many ( but not necessarily all ) carriers implement it in some form or another , but the exact method can vary pretty widely . it is briefly mentioned on the sms wikipedia article . i do not recall exactly when the network sends the delivery report , but i am fairly positive that it would not be originating from the phone , and therefore would not count against any sms limit it may have . the device may respond to the provider when it receives the message ( though it may not since the carrier may send the report at some other point in the process ) , but the actual sms you get back should be originating from the network 's sms gateway , i believe . the phone 's os ( or sim ) may have some bearing on whether or not it " honors " the request , but i am not sure . i found a ( probably incomplete ) list of some of the various carrier codes here :
yes , you need a specific otg cable , or you need to modify your cable . an otg cable has pins 4 and 5 shorted , which is how android knows it needs to switch over to host mode . you can manually short ( cross ) the wires on a standard cable , then use a f-f adapter . for my nook simple touch , a kernel patch is needed to be able to use otg . i also need to manually activate host mode while using a otg cable , so i know the grounding of pins 4 and 5 do more than simply tell android to go into host mode .
from forums : tsuda quote : originally posted by stevhorn i can confirm this works with the mk802ii , but i do not know about the mk802iii . http://www.aliexpress.com/item/apple...661773412.html yes , it works on the mk802ii . the iii has the same ethernet config screen in settings so it should be the same . i will try it this weekend and let you know .
apparently it goes something like this : * somebody gets the ota update on their phone * they use a logcat tool to find the url in the logs . * they post the url on some forum . source : enter link description here
go to settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps , find your camera app , and look if you can " clear cache " and/or " clear data" ; maybe something got messed up there . if that does not help , try clearing the apps dalvik cache ( you are rooted , so you can do that ) : rom toolbox lite and droidtweaker ( root ) are two helpful apps for that . same background as above : sometimes something gets messed up here . a very last resort would be a factory reset -- but keep in mind that this would also wipe all your self-installed apps plus data of all apps , so have a good backup of all your data available ( hint for that : titanium backup ★ root , which also offers a " dalvik cleaner " feature -- but as far as i remember this only removes " orphaned " entries ( from apps you uninstalled , and the like ) .
i just found a free sensors diagnostic app , install it and run it in order to see if it is a hardware problem : z - device test
i was having the same problem , but i can connect easily at home ( automatic ) but my problem was at work . i just changed some of the settings . turned connections optimizer ( yesterday in order to connect i had to turn it off ) and reset wi-fi timer for 7a-5p . we will see how that works once i get home . the settings have been on set for approx . 10 min and i have not lost the signal . decreased but not lost .
the solution turns out very trivial and surprising . it shows and proves practically that the behavior of complex software systems is unpredictable . the solution : go to mobile network settings and disable use packet data . next , enable wifi and then go back and enable use packet data . magically , all my problems disappeared after i applied described steps .
depending on your phone there could an option for a " hard " factory reset . this is usually done through a combination of key press just after turning the device on so it does not require the os to start . i would suggest you to google " hard factory reset " with the name of your device to find more information .
just flash the firmware you like with odin . attention : you will probably lose your data because of the wiping .
download the updated image and manually flash it instead . that is what i did with mine .
on the lg nexus4 power consumption is very high when using 3g+ internet connections . and as you wrote gps is a passive method . cpu does not seem to matter much here ( my own findings after a few months of usage ) .
if you look at my previous answer to a similar question you can see that by google 's testing utilising wifi will use more battery than using gps . this seems broadly in line with the figures given in an answer mentioned in the comments . however as izzy mentions these are ballpark figures and actual consumption is dependant upon what exactly the phone is doing .
you almost certainly have a rogue app , which a reboot usually fixes . however , in the long run it would be best to discover the app ( s ) that cause your battery issues so it does not catch you off guard when you really need you device to retain it is charge . first , you will need some idea of how apps use the battery . all apps use the battery ( to varying degrees ) while they are active ( i.e. . when you are actively using them ) , but some apps also consume your battery even when they are not active . there are many reasons for this , but the most common is that they need to perform some action , such are checking for new email . these tasks are performed by services ( belonging to the app ) , which run in the background . in order to be able to do their tasks when the device is sleeping ( i.e. . when the screen is turned off ) , these services use " wakelocks " . for background tasks , apps use " partial wakelocks" ; which basically means the processor wakes up , but the screen remains off . in a perfect world , an app would request a wakelock , perform it is task , and then release the wakelock ; this happens quite frequently and only lasts for a very short period of time ( milliseconds to seconds ) . the battery cost of these operations are generally quite low , and their benefits far outweigh this cost . as for discovering your rogue app , the standard battery status provides a good starting point , but you will need to use a 3rd party app that can show you the wakelocks used by each app . in particular i find wake lock detector very useful . it is free and can display both full and partial wakelocks . the app will basically show you the amount of time for which wakelocks have been active per application ( or service ) . when you have a rogue app , it is usually very easy to spot as it will have unusually high usage compared to the others . you mention that maps shows up in your battery usage ; this happens because many applications that request your current location pass this request on to the maps app ( it is location service ) , which performs the action and provides your location to the app requesting it . this is very normal , and usually nothing to be concerned with . some apps can however issue the location request too frequently - which would have an adverse affect on your battery . most decent apps provide a setting for the frequency they perform these update requests .
the app should at least be found in settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps , where you should be able to uninstall it . alternatively you can visit the playstore website , log in with your credentials , go to " my android apps " , select your device ( in case you have got more than one in there ) , find the app in that list , and remove it by hitting the trashcan-symbol . if all this fails ( the second alternative should not , but who knows ) , your " last resort " will be a factory-reset of your phone ( which will remove all data and all apps you have installed ) .
you can download android sdk for free from android developers website . the sdk includes an emulator or all major versions that have been released . the emulator can run any android applications that does not require specific hardware ( e . g . gps , accelerometers ) . graphic intensive applications ( e . g . games ) could be slow though , unless you have a very , very powerful pc .
you can try liveandroid . it is around 180mb and comes as an iso file . create a virtual machine in your windows machine and load the iso to boot the vm into android .
well , the best option to this is to use an app called zoodle kid mode . this is available in the android market and is free of cost . the app has ability to run your phone in kid mode . while in kid mode , the kids wont be able to make calls , browse internet , uninstall apps and anything which can harm your phone . you can use the following link to take a look at it : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.zoodles.kidmode
install smart app protector with its helper app ( for enhanced reliability ) . make sure to make it device administrator . then , lock Package Installer and Play Store using it ( lock down other market apps too ) . with one tap , the app can lock all apps which could uninstall it . the app facilitates this for its own security , but its solution of your question . and , i can bet . . . after that your kids can not uninstall an app without developer level expertise . update : after your comment , looks like your app launcher is capable of uninstalling apps directly like play store . so , lock your launcher too . from your screenshot , its samsung touchwhiz launcher having package name tw.launcher . lock this package with smart app protector . but , it would lock your app drawer too . if you do not want to lock your app drawer , best way is to switch your home launcher app and lock Package Installer , Play Store etc . done ! alternate launcher apps have more features as well as memory efficiency . so , its better in all other aspects . if you do not want to spend money , i would recommend you go launcher ex . if you can spend money for this , i would recommend you adw launcher ex .
there are quite a few apps in the market which will lock certain apps behind a password , a search in the market for " applock " should find most of them . i have not actually used any , so can not give you a recommendation , but these should allow you to lock the market and settings apps behind a pin number , to keep your kids out of them .
yes you can safely delete the folder . for details and a permanent solution ( to stop regeneration of this folder ) check this
i found this - i had a similar problem with a mp4 file that was corrupt , and not being able to find version 1.5 of grau anymore . i came up with this solution . [ scenario ] video . mp4 ( 200mb ) grau version 1.6 + ( only does 50% of video for free version ) [ directions ] make 2 of the same video files and name them 1 . mp4 and 2 . mp4 this means you will copy video . mp4 in the same fold twice so you have two of them ! in dos ( run : cmd . exe ) locate to the folder where you have the two video files type in the command to merge the files together copy /b 1 . mp4+2 . mp4 you will now see that 1 . mp4 will be 400mb and not 200mb now use grau video repair tool and it will do 50% of the file you merge . meaning you will get 100% video freee ! source
do you ask wheather your keyboard will have chinese input ? best part about android is , that you can easily change the stock keyboard with whatever you like . you just install it like a normal app , and select is as input method . bulgarian is supported , not only keyboard layout , but even text prediction . i am pretty damn sure there are some good keyboards that will provide chinese for you . smart keyboard pro ( i think ) has one , you might check its features in android market . you can probably find text prediction in chinese , do a search in android market , too : ) if you want the whole rom ( menus , etc ) to be in chinese , though , this is rom dependent , so it is not easy to change this , you will have to root . in short : a good keyboard will cost you 5-6$ , so you are saving 95 : ) i hope i understood you question correctly .
in android market there are lots of messaging apps that support languages not supported by the device , specially chinease , so you will not have problem with that , many applications are built to support specific languages that are not supported by android so there also if in that app chinease is supported you will not have problem , but the issue for you will be in gmail app , facebook app , twitter app , these depend on fonts and language supported by the os only
unfortunately , it is not possible . those apps rely on parts of the touchwiz framework to operate . no touchwiz , no apps . the only way would be to install a custom touchwiz based rom . it would give you some of the performance improvements of cyanogenmod but with access to the samsung apps .
i had the same problem with my galaxy y , but mine was in warranty time . i took to an authorized support and they have changed the main board of the smartphone .
the best thing to do is to make a backup , and do a factory reset .
for common system apps like the ones you have mentioned , there is no way to uninstall or reinstall them : without root , it at all you can disable them ( not all of them even ) . but they are usually not held in the playstore for re-installation . even if they receive updates via the playstore ( like gmail , maps , and the playstore app itself ) , some of them must reside on the /system partition in order to function correctly ( the google play app is one example for that ) . but as the same situation could also apply to " normal apps " , let 's take a closer look : user apps though they are usually coming via google play , it might well happen they get removed there one day ( recent examples are the ad-blockers which got banned ) . for this , tools like appmonster come in handy : they enable you to store a copy of the apps .apk file to your sdcard ( the pro version even can do so automatically whenever an app is installed/updated ) . so in case you have to remove an app for some reason , and want to re-install it later ( or even if you want to install the same app on a device without google account ) , you can do so by side-loading the .apk . uninstallation , of course , is easily done either via settings&rarr ; apps , or even via appmonster itself . system apps here it is a lot different . without root , you can at maximum disable an app ( settings&rarr ; apps , scroll to the app , open its details , press the disable button ) -- if your device is running android 4.0 or later , that is . with root , things become a little different : theoretically , you could uninstall everything . a practical issue might be you are rendering your device unusable , if you e.g. uninstall something basic to the system . also , removing their data might be an issue on re-install . so if you really have need for this , here 's my recommendation : get adb installed on your computer ( either via the full android sdk -- or using a minimal installation , see is there a minimal installation of adb ? make a backup of the app you are going to uninstall to be prepared in case something goes wrong . you can use adb backup for this , which backs up the app including its data . make a copy of the app 's .apk file for a re-install . you can use adb pull for this . the .apk is located in /system/app , so your command could look like adb pull /system/app/Browser.apk . to copy the browser 's .apk from the device to the current directory on your computer . now that you have two fall-backs , you can try to uninstall the app . again using adb , you first call adb shell , then you need to become root ( su ) , and now you can use the pm ( package manager ) tool to pm uninstall com.package.name . you can also remove the .apk from /system/app . to re-install the app , you simply copy the .apk back to /system/app . to restore the data , you can use adb restore . note that dealing with system apps always bears the risk to render your system unusable . so it is always recommended to make a complete backup ( best using nandroid backup from your custom recovery ) prior to such operations -- so in the worst case , you can go back to where you have started . dealing with the " the process x has stopped unexpectedly " error there are several ways to deal with this error . to my knowledge , none of them includes uninstalling a system app . if the app in question is a user app delete its cache . if that does not help : delete its data . if that still does not help : delete the app . if that cannot be done due to the app being in a " force-close-loop": boot into safe-mode , and delete the app from there . if the app in question is a system app : pray you have got a good backup : ) as with the user app : first try delete cache , then data . nothing goes ? then you have got to do a factory-reset
that is two different things , at least the first depending on a ) android version , b ) manufacturer , and c ) sometimes even the device in question : before android 4.0 , /sdcard usually was were the external sdcard was to be found starting with android 4.0 ( or even 3 . x ? ) , this changed for most devices , and usually became the place of the so-called internal sdcard where the external sdcard is found with the latter group , differs a lot . locations known to me include : /sdcard_ext /sdcard/external_sd what really resides where , you can check with commands like mount or df . while mount will list all mounted file systems ( including the " virtual " ones like e.g. /proc and /sys ) , together with details on where they were mounted from and what options have been used , this might be a bit confusing ( at least to beginners ) . so you might rather want to use df , which sticks to the " real file-systems": it does not show where they are mounted from , but instead shows their total/used/free space , which might be even more useful to figure out what matches best . as for /data: yes , this usually resides on internal storage -- but might also depend on implementation . with android 4 . x , " internal storage " and " internal sdcard " are often " unified " ( i.e. . the " internal sdcard " often is nothing but a directory on internal storage ) . this was done a.o. to get rid of the problem of a filled-up internal storage ( it can " expand " into the internal sd area now ) , or a full internal sdcard and plenty of space on internal storage ( can " expand " the other way around , too -- as it is all the same " drive" ) .
all of these things are going to be counting data from some point in time . for your carrier , that will be the start of your billing cycle . for android 's internal data counter , it depends on the Data Usage Cycle setting under Data Usage in the Settings app . for your widget , it again depends on the settings . getting the reset times in sync is critical for making the numbers match up ( and even then , as @izzy pointed out , the carrier may account for data differently ) . you could test this theory by turning off all data , setting android 's internal counter and the widget to reset at the same time , waiting until that time passes , then re-enabling data . the numbers should be better synced then . if they are not , then there is a chance the widget is not able to track all data sent for some ( likely security ) reason .
your data counter widget most likely summed-up the exact amount of data transferred . i.e. for a transfer of 33 kb , and another of 17 kb , it would count 33+17 = 50 kb your carrier more likely sums up blocks of 10 kb . so given the same example , he calculates 40+20 = 60 kb not for real , but it looks like android 's internal takes both and makes an average , so for our example it would come up with 55 kb . makes absolutely no sense ( and i doubt it is true ) , but rawly matches the numbers given in your question . . .
download wakelock detector from the google play store , if it happens again open wakelock detector and it will show you cpu and partial wakelocks ( will only show partial wakelocks if you enable advanced mode ) , if the largest cpu wakelcok is " powermanagerservicewakelock " this means the largest wakelock is the combination of all the items listed in partial wakelcocks . i would suggest ( if it happens again ) looking for anything over 7% and doing a web search for the wakelock name , and seeing what you can find . if it does not happen again , problem solved . i would also recommend you do not kill background processes , instead install greenify ( play store ) which blocks the processes you select from starting . other than this we can not tell you the reason due to androids default battery diagnostics not being very good . it is most probably the software , if you download nova battery tester and run it , it will tell you your battery capacity , and you can then compare this to what it should be to verify it is not a hardware fault .
according to this resource : http://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/apps.html#em " k-9 mail " is an accessible e-mail program . i have not used it so i can not vouch for its quality or suitability .
i have just loaded web page reader . it works great on web pages , even though android 's standard voice output is very tinny ( up to android 4.0 ) . i loaded the ivona voice ( amy ) which is the most natural i have found , and it is brilliant . works exceptional on the samsung galaxy tab .
the read my email lite application should help : read my email application will read out new emails from user’s inbox . this state of the art application will help users to track their emails while on the go . with simple instructions the mail account can be configured and tracked from then on . new mails will be polled every 10 minutes and will prompt the user of any new mails in their inbox . upon selecting the option to read the emails , the application will read aloud 10 new emails . and there is the read my email pro version with greater features : read my email application will allow the users to safely keep track of their important emails while on the go . once configured and started , the application will read out aloud the new mails details from the inbox . the mail details includes " from " , " received on " and the " body of the email " . there are various options to configure the service available with the application , like locale for reading the email , frequency of polling the email server , stopping the email , skip the current email , go back to previous email , configure number of new emails to read and managing various email services . this application comes with standard email services and allows the user to add their own email services . currently this application supports imap protocol . both applications are available from appbrain . com and google play store :
there is a new app out for android called audiomail . maybe you could give that a try .
for email there is the drivesafe . ly® free sms reader available from google play store . it can read emails , but has mixed reviews . i have never tried it so can not recommend it one way or the other . listen to sms text ( txt ) messages , emails and caller-id while driving . read sms ! listen to sms , listen to email , listen to txt messages . drivesafely® reads text messages , sms and emails aloud and lets you respond by voice ( with pro ) . ispeech text to speech ( tts ) will speak your sms while driving . hands-free .
talking clipboard available from google play store , can read everything from your clipboard , and additionally it directly reads epub , txt and html . it even can look-up your links collected with pocket ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . make your android device read text from any application using clipboard . talking clipboard for android is a text to speech application for android 2.2 and higher , that can read epub books or any text or html files . it can also read text copied from any application , using talking clipboard : read clipboard feature available through the notification/status bar . you can also open read it later saved bookmarks and can read it in talking clipboard . talking clipboard can also convert any webpage article to text and can read it for you .
once you have restored the data , go to contacts and press the left menu button , and go to import/export and import from memory card . i nearly had a heart attack when none of my contacts were restored but that sorted it out : )
well , this sony ericsson sync tool seems to work , specially if you want to move contacts from another sony ericsson device from your new one ( they claim you can also synchronize your data from other devices , as long es they support syncml ) . but i personally use gmail 's contact management , which is easy to use , practical and safe . obviously is a good idea to auto-synchronize it , as you did , even if you were not aware ; ) . after reading your post i have been playing with the Backup &amp; Restore tool , and i realized they warn something like : contacts synchronized using other services are not included . * *i do not know if this is the actual english message , cause my phone is in spanish , but should be somehing like that , should not it ? regards .
check how you are looking for it in the app you have a couple options you can try : from the regular youtube.com/opener site subscribe to the channel or from the app search for the alterart2 channel and subscribe to it the channel is not actually listed as opener it is under alterart2 so watch that to make sure you are able to find it . i located it on my youtube app and was able to subscribe and view . i am using an htc one x ics . hope that helps .
you can not . this feature was added in the ics version of the youtube app . older versions do not support it .
you can use the browser . just type the livestream link , and it will load normally . on the downside , it will lag a little bit .
it seems that if you add the livestream to your watch later list , you can then view it via this on your mobile device . however , it will start from the beginning of the stream and it seems you cannot forward it . you can pause it , but i found that if i left the application , when i would go back it would take me all the way to the start again . maybe this can help someone somehow .
copy the files to a windows/mac or linux machine and zip them one book directory at a time . then use calibre to convert them to just about any format you would like or another epub to . lit converter . you may need to rename the . zip files to . epub for them to be recognised .
using adb ( comment if you need help getting that setup ) : connect your device to your computer on the command line in the directory containing adb . exe use this command : adb connect localhost:5555 ( assuming you are on windows , let me know if otherwise ) then do : adb bugreport &gt; report.txt that should give you a whole bunch of info in a txt file in the same directory you executed the command . in the file you can search with a text editor ( notepad for example ) for all the info your heart could desire .
mininoteviewer (https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.gr.java_conf.hatalab.mnvhl=en) basically works the way i want . there is no explicit switch between " edit " and " view " modes , but it does not pop up the keyboard until you tell it to . good enough . also jota view ( https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.sblo.pandora.jota ) can be set to not pop up the keyboard when you are viewing a note ( preferences-> input-> viewer ) , though the app is overcomplicated imo .
you can install google docs in your android device . also you can use an editor called inkpad , that works your way , the keyboard only is showed if you want to edit the note .
enable the app you disabled by following the following steps : go into the main system settings . open your main settings menu tap on apps swipe to “all” find the app you disabled and click on it in the top right you will see a enable button . press that button to enable it .
solved it by clicking reset app preference from the action bar in settings
check to see if you have battery defender or some such app installed . you may have set data network to time out every 5 mins there ( default is 15 mins ) .
not sure if it will deactivate it but if you have set a data limit and then gone over it then the phone may be disabling the data connection to prevent you being charged extra .
you can restore the calendar from your backup files . two of them should be of interest to you . com.android.calendar-[big number].apk com.android.providers.calendar-[big number].apk  the first one is the actual calendar , while the second is a helper app for it that stores it is data . to reinstall either use titanium backup , a file manager ( there're plenty in the play store ) or adb . with the latter type : adb remount adb push /path/on/pc /system/app/Calendar.apk adb push /path/on/pc /system/app/CalendarProvider.apk  into the terminal . now reboot .
yes , its possible . but , not with adb . adb server runs only in android ( device or emulator ) . on pc , you get adb client only . with usb , you have got a network . install a ftp , samba or ssh server ( like filezilla server ) on pc and use a ftp , samba or ssh client app ( like andftp ) on android device to pull files from pc . you can do the same over air , too . just connect pc and android device in same wi-fi network and do the same . if you do not have wi-fi router , use connectify or mhotspot ( assuming its windows pc ) to make a virtual hotspot .
it could be possible that the contacts have been entered incorrectly , or it could be a bug with your version of the car mode app . please ensure that none of your contacts are duplicated , and also please ensure that the numbers are correct ( you may need to add/remove the country code ) . another reason could be due to the country code being displayed when the sms/call is incoming , but not being in the contact .
my answer wont solve your usb connection problem , but as i read your request , it seems that you only want the files sent to your computer and that this is the main reason you made this question . since you are saying that you have lots of photos and videos on the phone , i assume that you can access these from your phone trough android . if i was you , i would skip the usb problem , and then connect to the computer via wifi . the most simple way to do this , i think is to connect to the wifi network . install dropbox/google drive or any other similar service on your computer . install the app for the same service on your phone . and then go into your favorite photo browser/gallery and send the files over to the service and then you will have them automatically on your computer ( if you have installed the applications ) . this also gives you a backup of the photos and videos . ( if you have had this backup today , you would not have to worry about getting the files out from your phone ) : ) simple steps one by one , with my recommended service : connect to wifi with your cellphone if you dont have a google account , make one here : google signup . most likely you have a google account , when you have an android phone . otherwise , you can not download apps through the google play . install " google drive " on your computer . you can download it from the google drive download page . install " google drive " on your phone . download it from the google play store . go into your favorite photo browser or gallery app on your phone . you can then select all files or only the ones you wanna transfer , and choose the " share" ( ) button and choose " google drive " . it will then use some time depending on the internet connection you have . you can then go on your computer and find the files inside the " google drive " folder . your files is now safely saved/backed up on three devices . your computer , phone and " google drive " . i hope this solution works for you . you can also make a permanent solution by downloading and using foldersync wich will automatically upload photos to google drive when you take photos or videos .
have you tried " showing hidden files and folders " ? : " follow these steps to display hidden files and folders . open folder options by clicking the start button picture of the start button , clicking > control panel , clicking appearance and personalization , and then clicking folder options . > click the view tab . under advanced settings , click show hidden files and folders , and then click ok . " windows . microsoft . com here is a step by step guide on how i took the photos off my galaxy s4: connect via usb ( there should be an option in the notification center which looks like this ) tap on it and it should bring you to another menu which should look like this : select camera ( ptp ) and move to your computer in windows explorer under " my computer " it should appear similar to this : next select your phone and it should give you two options . if in your camera settings you have decided to store to card then select that . next select dcim and then the camera folder your photos should be in that folder ! hopefully this worked for you . i am guessing the samsung phones have similar directory setups considering they are from the same manufacturer and both are running android , although i am running a slightly newer version . edit : after reconnecting a couple times i ran into the same problem and fixed it by reconnecting again and before accessing the folders letting it sit connected for a minute . also , if you are sorting the folder by file type the videos will probably be at the bottom of the list under all of the pictures . another way you can possibly get the photos on the computer and the way i personally use is using dropbox camera upload feature . just download the dropbox app on your phone enable photo uploads and download the desktop app fr your computer and every photo you take will be automatically uploaded to dropbox so you can not lose it and it will be on your computer within a couple seconds to a couple minutes depending on your connection . i use this over connecting and copying over because i found connecting it to be a little glitchy . with camera upload , the photos and videos you take with your camera , phone , or tablet will upload automatically to dropbox—meaning they will be safely backed up and viewable anywhere . take advantage of camera upload in two ways : upload wirelessly from your phone or tablet using the ios or android app upload by connecting your camera , phone , or tablet to your computer and using the mac > or windows desktop app dropbox . com
you can try airdroid for fast file transfer from android to pc over wifi . install it in your phone , turn on mobile hotspot and connect your pc to your local network . after that , airdroid will give you an ip address . just open it in your web browser of your pc , and you will get a nice file manager to access files . if you have access to adb shell , you can also use ' adb push/pull ' commands to copy files to/from your android .
instead of using mtp or ptp scroll down your notification and pressusb connected and select turn on usb storage then your sd card connect to your laptop like a flash drive and you can copy your media from it .
looking at given screen shot suggest there is some sort of virus issue with your notebook or the phone itself is infected
on the sdk emulators and virtual machines like genymotion , adbd starts up as root and provides a root shell . short of modifying the source code to do otherwise and rebuilding your vm images , i think you will have to use the su approach suggested above . su shell does indeed work on both sdk emulators as well as the genymotion vms . specifically : note that the initial shell is running as uid 0 and after su shell is running as uid 2000 . in fact , you can su to any linux uid ( android appid ) configured on your emulator/vm . for example , after doing adb shell from ubuntu : android# su u0_a16 android$ id uid=10016(u0_a16) gid=10016(u0_a16) context=u:r:su:s0 android$  on my emulator , uid 10016 is the calendar app . remember that after you su , you only have the privileges of the new uid , and this may not include permissions to run linux commands or view certain directories . finally , if you just need to do one or two operations as the non-root user , you can string the whole thing together as one command in ubuntu . something like : ubuntu$ adb shell su u0_a16 id uid=10016(u0_a16) gid=10016(u0_a16) context=u:r:su:s0  or above tested on sdk x86 emulator running 4.4.2 and genymotion vm running 4.4.2 .
php mysql server app is available for android device . install it and then download and generate your yii project by using cmd , then copy that project to your android device wamp root directory . for better development , install it on your pc . before running the command in the cmd , install php and make sure to set the php path in your system environmental variables .
have you tried clearing the data for the app ? or uninstalling then reinstalling ? or does hootsuite cache unsent/failed tweets to the cloud ?
searching the market for " midi " shows quite a few apps that have some level of midi functionality . if you are looking for a full-fledged midi app such as you had find on a pc or mac , you will probably be disappointed due to the small screen and limited hardware interfacing capability of most android devices , but if you are looking to experiment with midi functionality , one or more of these apps should do the job .
try remote droid player . it also requires server software , though : this application requires a server which needs to be installed in your windows pc ( which you can download from http://doinhtml5.org/remotedroidplayer/ ) .
if ur phone has 3.5mm jack , just connect your speakers pin to jack on your phone . when you play any songs on your cell phone it will just play in your speakers . instead of connecting headphones your connecting speakers thats it . hope it helps
what i am " assuming " is that you want your android device ( with the music ) to play through your speakers at home ? in my case ( may not be the same for you ) , my speakers have cords that plug into the computer . and i can easily take out the cord that plugs into the computer , and plug it into the jack on my android device , then proceed to play the music . if your speakers are built-in and you can not easily do it , look for an adapter of sorts that'll connect your phone and your speakers directly . should be able to find some for cheap on amazon or something . sorry if this was not the answer you were looking for , i might not have quite understood the question . however , i hope this helps , or sets you in the right direction .
try twonky . instantly stream media from your phone to devices on your home network ! it can stream not only to you pc but to other dlna capable device and not only music but photo and other stuff .
yes , you can do this in windows xp and 7 . it will stream all audio from the phone- apps , games , etc . you do not need any additional software , just bluetooth connectivity on the pc . airdroid lets you access your device , including streaming music , over wifi via web browser . you could also just plug your phone in usb to your pc , and play the music on the pc with musicbee or any other media player .
go to settings > accounts > whatsapp > my whatsapp account remove the account make any necessary contact changes open up whatsapp at this point , whatsapp should re-associate your contacts with the existing users .
i have a galaxy 2s with this exact problem but i wonder if i might offer a suggestion as to what could potentially be the cause . i have no idea how to fix it but i’m hoping that what i share here might help someone who knows more about the way these things work to be able to solve the problem . i have spent much of my career working in broadcast radio , the problem i have heard my phone have with audio dropouts followed by either a ramp up of volume back to the previous level or an audio dropouts followed by a momentary slight speed shift in the audio playback ( sounds a bit like an old cassette recorded when the batteries are starting to fail ) many people would probably not notice the later problem because it is very subtle and you have to know what you’re listening for . anyway , i believe this could be caused because of a lack of word clock sync between the phone and the bluetooth receiver . i say this because there have been times when i have had digital audio devices such as cd players that are connected to an audio console or digital amplifier and with both devices free running in terms of their clock synchronisation exhibit almost exactly the same symptoms . you see all digital audio devices require that the audio data be put into frames much the same as regular ethernet data is transmitted around a network is put into frames , however in order for the audio to be at the correct pitch and speed generally speaking both the playback device ( phone ) and the receiving device ( bluetooth receiver ) need to have the same word clock , otherwise you end up with the two devices running freely and the audio frames wont by in sync . depending on the error correction implemented ( sample rate conversion ) on the receiver you can get really odd audio results . i think that this is what is causing this problem . basically the bluetooth receiver and the phone aren’t in sync so every few minutes you get a drop out . it doesn’t seem to happen when you are talking on the phone which makes me think that when you have a call connection as this is bi-directional , the phone is probably synchronised to the bluetooth device word clock . but when you are listing to music the connection is mono-directional so there is no sync . anyway just a thought . maybe someone out there who understands the way these units synchronise can figure out a fix .
try cleaning the battery and case contacts with a tooth brush .
working on it , you will have a shortcut in the next release of syncme . not a widget , gone through all the source code of the android music app widget to figure out that will be an overkill : )
in short , you can not . only the application can interact with itself internally , unless an api was created for that end . external applications are not able to know what to do in order to follow your desired " path " . the best you could achieve is opening the application , but you still needed to manually tap the buttons . my recommendation : i believe you are trying to have some sort of " sync now " functionality without having to open the application and clicking some buttons to achieve that . either case , email the developer and request such widget , i am sure it is useful enough and interest will arise .
i have found it out , the ext2 partition magically turned into ext3 without formatting i do not know how but it happened , formatted my ext3 partition into ext2 again and it worked , i could not find anyway to bring lost data back .
i use filezilla on ubuntu and ftp server on android . much faster transfers than bluetooth and you can browse the device . ftp server : f-droid , google play
probably you can create a tasker profile to connect to the wifi network automatically when you arrive at home ( or the home wifi network is in the range ) another good thing you can achieve it using rsync backup is that , you can use rsync and use a tasker job to periodically ( or conditionally ) upload/download data from/to your phone . you can refer to rsync 's documentation for its configuration and other setup steps . you can configure it to only specify required one way transfer of files .
if you have sync enabled in your mobile , then your phone book list will be automatically stored in your google account . go to "contacts.google.com" to find your contacts . else if you have usb debugging enabled in your phone , you can follow this link to unlock your phone .
first , do you have unknown sources checked under Settings --&gt; Security ? ? ? also , have you tried another apk ? if it is one you , or someone else developed you may need to uncheck Verify Apps in that same spot . second , do you only have windows ? i do not know about permissions on windows , but linux requires sudo adb install or adb install as root user . . . actually any use of adb requires root or sudo permissions . second , does it just say failure ? does it say permission denied ? have you ever had that app installed before ? adb install application . apk will give a failure response if you have a left over /data/app-lib/application folder or /data/data/application folder , or if you copied the apk to /data/app first without installing it , and then try to install it with adb , because the place is taken up already . if that is the case try ( reinstall flag ) : adb install -r application . apk you should also try ( install to sdcard flag ) : adb install -s application . apk or last : adb push application . apk /sdcard and then install from sdcard with a file explorer , or package installer .
requires cwm : from codemink : backup your device start the phone in recovery mode and make sure that it is recognized by the pc . open a terminal in the folder where the executable adb ( usually c : \ program files \ android \ android-sdk \ platform-tools ) is located and execute the following commands : adb backup -f boot.img boot adb backup -f system.img system adb backup -f data.img data  restore your device with the phone in recovery mode , start the terminal with these commands as explained below :
is the menu bar at the top of the screen , instead of inside the window ? that is how unity ( the desktop environment in ubuntu ) works .
well , personally i do not think that there is any application that can help you in putting the lock over your device when wrong password is entered your device gets factory reset . but yes i have seen that function available over the htc one m8 , if you put the password over the htc m8 wrong for 5 times it gives you the warning and if you put the password wrong for 10 times then the device automatically factory reset your device . i would say it is not possible to till data but i think if you are hungry for the function like , you can either try creating and application which can do so ( but i think that would be whole tough mess ) or try getting an htc one m8 .
you might need to root your phone and find a way to add another password . you might need programming knowledge for this .
its possible with device admin and setting password policy . im not sure i can post some sample code here or not as this site not for codes , for ex mDevicePolicyManager.setMaximumFailedPasswordsForWipe(mCameraAdminReceiver, 2); 
i do not know of any application that does what you request . maybe " after unlock " has a feature like that . what i would do is make an android application that is fired after unlocking the phone . the application would request a new password and if it is entered correctly do the factory reset and format the sd if needed . check this project for an example of how this could be done : mylock
tested on mac osx snow leopard and mountain lion : with your device unplugged go to settings-> developer options disable usb debugging ; go to settings , in wireless and network section , go to " more"-> usb utilities tap on " connect storage to pc " . plug in your device to your mac and the tap on " turn on usb storage " and ok . you should see your device just like an usb pen .
if you are proficient at using adb and linux you can find it pretty quick using the linux command grep . just do : adb shell ls -al /data/data/ | grep 'yourAppName'  you need root of course to be able to search in /data/data/
if you are comfortable using the command line , a solution i like is android 's pm command . it can easily be called using adb like so : replace test with whatever package you are looking for . pm has a variety of options that may be useful depending what you want to do :
i installed an app called android system info which is able to show app 's package name .
i have found it , i needed a y-cable and i needed to activate the usb host mode by using this command in the terminal emulator : su insmod /system/lib/modules/ehci-hcd.ko  that activates the usb host mode . and the phone does not mount the flash drives so i have to mount it manually : cd /dev/block ls  the terminal emulator should turn out something like uba , uba1 then create a folder in your sdcard called data ( or whatever you like ) and then type the one ending with 1 ( i.e. uba1 ) like this : mount /dev/block/ub*1 /mnt/sdcard/data  ( * ) stands for the changed letter because it always starts with ub and ends in 1 but the third character changes between a , b , c , . . . . then open any file explorer and do whatever you want with data folder in your sdcard and then just unplug it , no need to unmount safely .
tibu stores its backups in a folder on your sdcard ( either the internal or the external , depends on what you have and how you have configured it ) . so you can simply copy that entire folder over to your pc before applying the factory-reset . just check the root of your sdcard ( s ) for a folder named TitaniumBackup . after the factory reset , the folder should still be there ( unless your device is one of those including the card with the reset – hence the copy to pc , which in this case you now can simply copy back ) . launch tibu , and restore what you want to have restored . one thing to keep in mind : i do not know what is causing your trouble , but restoring the entire backup completely might bring it back if the troublemaker was included there , so take care ; )
there are multiple possible approaches : if you have google cloud backup activated on the " old " device , your wifi passwords have been stored along ( plain text , by the way ) . so starting with a new ( or factory-reset ) device , you should be asked on account creation whether to enable it here as well . answering with " yes " will restore several things even from your old device , including wifi passwords ( for details , please see google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? ) if both devices have root access , you can use either a dedicated tool like wifi pass recovery and backup , or straight go for a full-fledged solution like titanium backup if at least the " old " device has root access , you can obtain your passwords from their configuration file directly . they are usually stored in /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf using plain-text .
if your intention is sharing between multiple android devices ( which is what wifi direct is for , amongst others ) , you might want to take a look at apps like superbeam or fast file transfer . both are directly connecting two devices ( which both have the app installed ) via wifi , without any intermediate .
install and run es file explorer on both android devices and connect them both to one wi-fi access point . long press on the file and use Send option and choose scan . after some lag the target device will be listed and just selecting it will prompt for confirmation on the target device . once confirmation is accepted , the transfer will take place . you can see es file explorer 's help page for more info .
yes , those apps are stock apps in the german-localized roms for the galaxy s3 ( the i9300 version ) . likely they were there in the original rom but you uninstalled them and later forgot about it . it is fine to just uninstall them . the seventh and eight digits of the imei do not have any meaning in current phones . before 2004 , they indicated the country where the phone was assembled , but the structure of the imei was changed then so those two digits do not have a special meaning of their own . there is nothing here to suggest your phone is a fake .
if the device itself works as you suggest you might be able to access the recovery mode , enable usb and then download the files you need . however this will not be a usb sync access , instead it can be a fastboot or adb access . to do so take your desire which have to powered off and press and hold volume down . now start it up by pressing power . in the recovery mode you are able to enable usb access via adb . as the recovery mode uses only volume down , volume up and power it can be controlled even without seeing anything . you only have to know which keys have to be pressed in which order . this is of course the complicated part . i do not have an unrooted device with the original recovery here for giving you the orders which keys to press . may be you find an youtube video showing it or a very detailed manual .
well , you seem to have 2 options : if under warranty , send it to service center , your main board ( pba ) should be replaced . you probably will need a jtag repair ! afaik , there is nothing you can do at the moment , by yourself to get the phone working , apart from the options mentioned above !
yes , the home button ( and possibly the volume buttons ) turn on the screen . found a fix on : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/drod2169-x/132091-ocd-stop-home-button-waking-screen-save-battery.html have not tested yet , but it is mentioned in several places . not sure if it works on an unrooted phone . gingerbread open /system/usr/keylayout/sholes-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down froyo open /system/usr/keylayout/cdma_shadow-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down
you can try flashing your device completely and install the lightweight generic rom from google .
it can not be possible that you lose your internal storage because of rooting , as firmware is your os and drivers . which are taking space and do not even related to rooting in any way .
in my lg optimus one running gingerbread , i can open a message thread and long press on an message . this pops up a list of options and if i press ' view message details ' i get details like from , date , time . the value displayed for from is not the contact name rather it is their number . alternatively , instead of long press , short press on the sender 's name in the message gives an option to call and when i do so and quickly disconnect , i can see the number which is called , which is the number the message came from .
if you do not hesitate to use a third-party messaging app , then simply install go sms pro , it shows the exact sender 's number below her/his name on top of the thread . i am not aware of any other messaging app that also does this , but this one has many nice features along with that one .
there is a possibility that one of the app installed in your phone keeps the screen on even when it is locked . if possible , connect through adb and see which apps are active .
finally , i did a factory reset on my s2 and now the battery lasts the way it used to with ics . ) :
you are suffering the same problem i was after upgrading . look in the direction of either google now or google maps . good chance you have ' report from this device ' set in maps location settings . this is murder on your battery ! i disabled it and am now back at about 2% - 3% per hour on 3g with light use throughout the day . i also disabled google now for good measure , but i did not notice any real improvements from that . i do still notice much higher battery consumption than 4.04 when having wifi on . at home , i have reverted to 3g after seeing it burn through the battery at 5% per hour even without any active use .
i have the same problem and i found that it is the wifi . if i turn the wifi off , battery drain is less than 15% in 12 hours for my use . yesterday i turned the wifi on in the afternoon and the battery was at 96% . i stayed home connected to my wifi all day and did not use the phone all afternoon . at 8:30pm the battery was down to 19% .
i had the same problem with battery drain . i can tell from your name that you must be from denmark . i found my battery drainer in a danish app . yousee musik was set to automatically download on wifi . since i turned that setting off my problem was gone !
i faced the same problem . after rebooting for bout 5 times its working fine . and it has nothing to do with the settings .
the newest version of the gmail app supports file downloads , rather than previews . if you are using the website i would think that foley is correct .
my first instinct is to tell you to find a theme where the " not connected to google " bars are painted the same color as the connected bars . of course that only works if you have a theme manager on your phone and can find one you like . or hell , make one .
you have to edit your Framework-Res.apk . its a bit complicated and differenct on every phone . so i can not simply provide a guide . but i suggest you , to ask in your phone forum on xda-developers .
geeksphone started off with the premise of a completely open software and hardware stack . so far they released two handsets , one and zero . although both models are severely outdated specifications-wise compared to today 's high-end models , the " zero " model is quite comparable to current mid-range devices . the company provides source code for the kernel and drivers of their " one " model on the web site . i could not find the sources for the " zero " model , but i am sure they will if you reach out to them .
there are at least 2 different free oses aimed at smartphones - the replicant project and the shr project - both of which are aimed at bringing free-as-in-stallman software to smartphones . i have not used either of these yet , but it looks like replicant is more strict about their definition of free software . both of them appear to be actively under development : http://replicant.us/ http://shr-project.org/trac your choice of free os will have a list of recommended hardware devices , so it may be useful to check out their supported hardware lists before making a decision . it looks like the nokia n900 and the geeksphones are listed in both , and the nexus series from google is at least partly supported .
might i suggest google play music ?
you may be able to use one of these which has one 2.1a usb port , but only if the device you are charging supports it . most devices when transferring data lock the power output to the standard usb power standard when connected as a data device though . also if you are using a modded device with a usb fast charge enabled kernel , you will not be able to accomplish what you want because of how it is implemented . the force usb fast charge mode tricks the phone into thinking it is on mains power so it shuts off data ports .
it works that way by default . you can plug into your computer and use data while charging . it may be your specific usb cable , i have seen some that do not always work . bottom line there is nothing special needed
what os do you have ? if using windows , then go to " folder option " > > " view " . then change these two settings : tick to " show hidden files " . untick " hide protected os files " click apply .
you could try installing the rescan sd card ! app and running it . you do not mention what phone you have sometimes you need to tell android to scan the sd card to pick up changes .
go to the settings app ( not the settings in the contacts app ) . go to the list of apps ( apps or applications manager ) and change from downloaded to all . find an app in the list called contacts storage and click on it . there you can see how much storage it is using . since this app only stores your contacts , all that storage is being used for your contacts . ( actually , it takes up some space even when you have no contacts , but only about 4kb . )
imap clients generally need to use application-specific passwords in order to access accounts that use 2-step verification . you will need to generate a new app-specific password , then use that to set up your incoming/outgoing servers instead of using your regular account password . google 's support page ( linked above ) includes instructions for doing this . summarized , the procedure is : how to generate an application-specific password visit your google account settings page . on the left , click security . under the "2-step verification " topic , click manage your application specific passwords . under the application-specific passwords section , enter a descriptive name for the application you want to authorize , then click “generate application-specific password " . you will then see the application-specific password ( asp ) you just created . you will also see the name you wrote in for the device and a link to revoke -- or cancel -- the code . when you sign in to an application requiring an asp , enter your asp in the password field , and make sure you check the " remember password " option if you want the application to remember the code .
to add the current page as a bookmark , in the browser : menu-> bookmarks-> add bookmark then you can long click the bookmark and select ' add shortcut to home ' which will add an icon for the bookmark on the desktop . alternatively , long click on the desktop , then select add item-> shortcut-> bookmark
well , i did a more thorough research and found that deleted mails actually are archived rather than deleted . what i did not realize is that deleted mails are not in fact moved to [ imap ] /trash , they are just labeled like that . so they still are in all mails and can be found by browsing or searching . other labels are also preserved . this is a feature of gmail imap regardless of the client . problem solved - there was not any problem in the first place : )
only gmail app currently supports archiving for gmail . other mail providers do not have the concept of archiving emails , so this is limited only to gmail and hence to gmail app alone . if you want to archive the emails , you should use gmail app , i see no other workaround .
as far as i know , the stock email app in the gs4 does not support archiving like gmail app . so my advice to you is simply use the gmail app in your gs4 as it offers more and better options than the stock one . also you can add as many accounts as you want to into it .
i also had a boot loop today , after flashing semaphore 's clockworkmod recovery according to these instructions , then trying to boot to recovery mode . what helped me out was the hint at the bottom of that page : to use replicant 's recovery . img instead : heimdall flash --KERNEL recovery.img --no-reboot 
try clearing the gallery cache . go into settings-> apps and scroll over to show ' all ' apps . scroll down and open ' gallery ' if the ' clear cache ' button is greyed-out , then you will have to ' force stop ' the app first , then go ahead and clear the cache . exit out and try to open your gallery again .
you will not be able to receive a 3g video call from another phone , assuming what you are looking for is the operator backed 3g-324m solution that is available on most 3g phones ( not including iphone or android ) . 3g-324m as a solution does not run over ip and requires a tighter integration between operating system , modem and application . you can read more on the technicalities here : http://www.radvision.com/resources/developers/white-papers/android_integration.htm
it would depend on the application used to make the video call . some applications may tell you that you do not have a front facing camera and may not work . some may allow you to use the back camera , i am not sure . the best option is to try the application and see if you can make/receive calls . [ edit ] videocall radar is an app that will allow you make video calls without a front facing camera , but , like all the other apps , the person your calling has to have the application too .
some kindle books have " lending " enabled on them , so that you can loan them to another kindle user for up to two weeks . the downside is that this can only be done once per book , and not all publishers allow their books to be leant out . more info here amazon . com lending kindle books
as per their faq : how many kindles can i use to access titles in my library ? most books you purchase from the kindle store may be simultaneously accessed for your personal use on up to six kindles or kindle-compatible devices ( such as kindle for pc or kindle for iphone ) registered to your amazon . com account . if the limit is less than six simultaneous copies for a specific title , you will see the message " simultaneous device usage : up to x simultaneous devices , per publisher limits " on the amazon . com detail page . if you reach the device limit and want to replace one of your current devices with a new one , you must first deregister and delete the content from the device you wish to replace before you can access the content in question from your new device . for device registration instructions , please see the help page for the device you wish to register/deregister on the kindle support pages . subscription content such as magazines and blogs can only be downloaded to one kindle at a time and cannot be accessed from kindle for pc . so yes , you can read the ebook on multiple devices , but be aware that there is a limit of 6 ( or fewer ) devices .
you should be able to register multiple kindle apps or devices to the one amazon account . for example i can read the same book on my kindle , htc desire using the kinde app and the desktop application on work and home computers .
it will not be possible . the apps run some checks which are embedded in their code , which can not be stopped unless you modify the code in the app itself .
this depends on how the app is checking for root . one method is for the app to actually attempt to find or use the su binary , or the superuser apk file . these methods can often be bypassed by using an app that will move su to a temporary backup location , then restore it afterwards . some root management apps have this built in to their settings ( e . g . recent versions of superuser and supersu ) . otherwise you can try an app like ota rootkeeper . another method that apps will use to determine if you are rooted involves checking the contents of your build . prop file . you can check this with any text editor , from your terminal , or using a specialized app like build prop editor . the file resides at /system/build.prop , and it is a good idea to make a backup before modifying it since having a malformed build . prop can cause boot issues . what you will need to look for is lines that specify that you are running a " test-keys " build , such as : ro.build.tags=test-keys  change this to " release-keys " and the app performing the root check should assume you are running a normal release build . this is typically not needed if you are running a rooted stock rom , but it would be necessary on many custom ones like cyanogenmod . there are likely other root detection techniques , some of which may be somewhat complex to bypass . this blog post outlines a few , but i honestly cannot say which of these is being used in the wild . i have seen the two i outlined above , however .
i use the charging dock for both z ultra and z1 .
http://www.pure.com/product/jongo-a240-vl-62148/ that should do what you want , allows you to stream any source to the receiver .
kaiser baas wifi music streamer seems to be able to do what you want along with the android app that comes with it . i was looking for something similar and just ordered it myself . http://www.orb.net.au/media-player/wifi-music-streamer
i can guess based on your desire for it to not be certain things that you understand they are solutions . what you are looking for does not exist . how would the audio information be transmitted to the speaker and then out in sound waves ? something , like a pc , has to be wired to it . even if what you were looking for did exist , it would effectively be an additional application/service that would run on your phone as a media streamer that took the audio output from pandora ( or other ) and provided it to a remote pc which would play it through the speakers . you can wirelessly stream music from your android using a dlna media server application ( or other similar ) to your pc which then plays the music out of your speakers . http://www.prosyst.com/media/mediaserver/mediaserver-docu.html alternatively , you could plug your android directly into your speakers and remotely control your android phone over wifi with a laptop/pc . may need to be rooted for this however .
sony 's walkman player does the job . you can stream your audio to network pc
i believe the sonus wifi receiver does these things - not cheap though . they have a system that you have to plug-into your amplifier and it works over wifi . http://www.sonos.com/search/wireless_speakers?utm_source=googleutm_medium=cpcutm_term=sonos-speakersutm_campaign=branded-termsgclid=cj3j0mxju7ucfulf4aodmvaalq
airplay provides this but your airport express device which will be connected to speakers and yes you will be able to stream from phone . this is all apple solution - not sure if there is an android app which allows doing that ( wikipedia tells that there are experimental apps which do that . )
aq play is an app that allows you to play from your phone direct to their range of wi-fi speakers . via your home router it also allows you to play from your phone to another phone , and allows you to browse and play media from other devices ( pc )
i was looking for a similar solution and i just found the awox striimlink . the video is in french but the description and specs are in english . this should work for my needs , and hopefully yours too .
use a hifi-wifi box . connect it to your hifi ( auxin ) , then ( using your smartphone and app ) view all available devices with music and all available devices with speakers . it is simple , costs about £150 , but it is worth it . it also works with all devices connected to a wifi network .
you can connect your receiver with jack cable to your galaxy nexus . i have seen them long enough ( 5m-10m ) . you will able to enjoy music and other sounds you hear from your nexus . or , as already have been told - you can use dlna application for this purpose . i can advise you to try out this application called arkmc i know some guys that use one phone with arkmc appliation connected to receiver , and another one to control playback !
i found an application that can do the trick , it is called " airaudio " but you have to root your phone and i am not to sure about this , if some one have tested please let me know
if you are not afraid to get your hands dirty with a little diy , you may be able to adapt this to your situation . you are basically connecting your phone ( with wifi ) to a router , the router to speakers . the audio streams wirelessly with wifi and plays on any speakers that are hooked to the router ( which is done with a cheap usb sound card ) . enjoy !
from the firefox for android page : installation requires [ . . . ] 384mb of ram . your device has only 256mb . you can always try to install the nightly version , although it may be unstable . or you can search on google for a stable firefox apk .
the icon in the notification bar will always be there if you are using ( possibly even just have installed ) any alternate input method . it is just the new way that ics offers quick switching between different methods , and cannot be disabled ( at least not on " stock " ics , custom roms may offer this ) . the notification icon should only be there while you are actively entering something , i.e. have a keyboard open . if it showing all the time ( even when you are just on the homescreen , for example ) it may indicate a possible bug or configuration issue with the alternate keyboard/input method you are using .
odin is not a backup utility , its rather more of a means to flash boot/recovery and the rom itself . so that is one off the list . : ) use cwm to backup the entire handset to sdcard - this includes , boot , recovery , system , userdata partitions . easy and much quicker to restore from ! the latest titanium backup can do a restore from a nandroid created by cwm . can you include a screenshot of this " clockworkmod based recovery mode " as that does not sound quite an official cwm and hence would be slightly concerned . official cwm would have this as shown below ! note the lack of the wording ' clockworkmod based recovery mode ' . to perform the backup , use the volume down key to scroll down until you reach ' backup and restore ' as shown : hit the home key , to bring you to this screen , the highlight bar is on '-backup ' for some obscure reason , the screenshot failed on this one so no screenshot , hit the home key again to start the backup process . when you do a restore , it will erase boot/system and userdata , and does the job in dumping everything back in place . as if nothing has happened next time by rebooting within cwm . consider this as a equivalent of a windows system restore point , cannot go wrong there . but ultimately , what you are asking for , titanium backup does it quite nicely . see the screenshot below , where there is a list of apps and can choose which to backup/restore . here 's a menu option to do the extraction from a cwm backup . ultimately , it is up to you how to do the backup , pretty much in the same way doing a backup on windows , the strategy used will depend and vary , to each and to their own . personally , as i experiment a lot with roms , i do a straight nandroid backup , then get down to flashing another rom and if i do not like it , i can go back to cwm to do a restore . as for settings etc , i ignore them , as that can be a minefield which may cause a rom 's apps to force close so i disregard them and selectively choose which apps i wish to backup . using the two combined can be quite potent means of backing up . edit : this question - how you managed to take a sreenshot of cwm ? if i am not mistaken , it is run at the boot point making it act like a " bios " in terms of pcs . so how did you do it ? the recovery is identical to android 's rom running from /system , it has its own kernel , near identical to the one used when booting into /system . the recovery has the init.rc script heavily modified to not to start up the android 's services that makes up the standard familiar environment . in fact , if you were to peek into the init.rc , it executes one program , called appropriately enough recovery which is what you are seeing here . when the bootloader runs , its like this in english pseudo-code load kernel from boot partition at memory address . if volume down key is pressed then read from recovery partition 's kernel and chain boot load mechanism ( read recovery 's kernel into memory address , and jump into the entry point of that kernel and start running , overwriting the previously loaded boot kernel ) and execute run scripts to bring up recovery program a lá cwm and hence in recovery environment else continue to run as normal reading from system partition and execute run scripts and bring up services a lá android os and hence in system environment . endif so quite clearly , there is no difference behind the scenes , the kernel , shell scripts , etc . as to how to obtain the screen-shots , that is a specialized script specifically for the zte blade and using the linux tools imagemagick command line utilities involving ffmpeg and mogrify , it is hardcoded to use the resolution of the screen for the zte blade , i.e. 800x480 , and using adb to pull in the framebuffer , pass it into ffmpeg , and flip it over . iirc , it does not work on any other resolution and depends on the kernel itself if it has framebuffers compiled in .
this new feature is called next word prediction . you can easily disable it to restore the ics behavior but it is a bit hidden : go to settings > language and input tap on the setting icon beside android keyboard under the keyboard and input methods section at the bottom you will find advanced settings , tap it there you will find next word prediction , uncheck it : after that , typing i followed by space will bring up the punctuation again instead of predicted words .
if you look under sound settings there should be an option for vibration patterns . the intensity should be configurable from there as well .
there is no os-wide " trash " or " recycle bin " like other shells have . however , the android design guidelines recommend app authors to put something like that in each app as appropriate , to allow undoing deletes . thus , in one app , a delete button might delete the content immediately , while another might mark the content as deleted but wait for some time before deleting any files in the filesystem . there are even more possibilities with apps that sync to a server : they might need to keep ' deleted ' content around for the next sync , or it might be on a server somewhere , never deleted . in addition , not every item of user data you might delete is a file . some apps might store things in a database , so after you delete an item , part or all of it might still be present in the app 's database . of course , like any filesystem , once a file is deleted , most of its content remains on the storage . someone with physical access to the storage , or a rogue root app , can almost certainly still read it for quite some time after it is deleted . it is pretty easy to recover files in this way , especially if your phone acts as a usb mass storage device when plugged into a computer .
if your device is not yet rooted , an alternative to alex 's suggestion of titanium backup ( which i would second otherwise ) would be to use adb backup ( creating a backup file for each app separately is important here , as adb restore just works per backup file , not per app ) , or one of its frontends . there is also the possibility to do that directly on the device , using e.g. helium backup . please also take a look at the backup tag-wiki for more information .
you can do it with titaniun backup , thought it is not sure that everything will work as expected . apps are the most problematic . some apps and games now store their data on google 's servers , though i do not think there are many that do that yet .
draft can open markdown files with .md and .markdown extensions .
markdawn . if you open a .md file in the dropbox app it'll let you to open it with it . it has been pointed out that currently ( as of 2013-04-18 ) markdawn only works as a viewer .
i found a good web application to view and edit markdown-formatted files - stackedit . you can integrate it with dropbox and google drive and use it to open any of your text files . it does not matter if were .md , .txt, or something else .
this works for me . http://tasker-profiles.blogspot.com/search/label/wake%20on%20lan
not using tasker , but the following may also work : http://lifehacker.com/#!5796450/automatically-turn-on-your-pc-over-wi+fi-with-pcautowaker-on-android
you could check out this wake on lan plugin for tasker / locale . ( have not tried it - would be interested to hear how you get on if you give it a go )
the nexus 4 does not support usb-on-the-go . from the nexus media importer description on google play it states that : due to hardware limitations , the nexus 4 is not supported . the only way to get it to work is to root and install a custom rom and/or kernel . you will also need a usb y cable as the nexus 4 cannot provide the necessary 5 volts . android central has a page with more information
that will most likely depend on the device , a generic answer valid for all of them cannot be given . for example , the samsung galaxy s2 specs give 32 gb as max , still some user was able to get a 64 gb card working ( see : 64gb sdxc cards in galaxy s2 ) . for some older devices , the 32 gb limit might be a fact , while again others might just have specified it to be " on the safe site " . tl ; dr : yes , it is device dependant , some devices have their limits .
have you tried considering a mutli-partition sd card ? there are a few tools like sdminste and partition wizard to help you create a dual partition setup on your sd card . you could create a small partition to store all your roms and updates , and a bigger partition for your user data . however , there is a slight problem wherein windows will only recognize the first partition . refer this well written guide on xda for a workaround .
i updated the software to 4.1.2 and the problem has gone :- ) i do not know if the bug has been fixed , or the process of upgrading has corrected the faulty state the phone was in . i will update this post if the problem comes back . . .
handbrake is a good program to rip and convert dvd video ( it may not work on certain copy protected dvds but that is a topic for another se ) . the stock video player plays h . 264 . mp4 videos well ( here are the supported formats ) . you can actually just use the iphone/ipod preset in handbreak , just change the width of the video to the height dimension of your phone ( so you can watch it in landscape , on the droid it is 854 px ) . it will output a . m4v format which technically is not supported but it will play because it is not drm'd by itunes . if you prefer another format like . avi , then you will need another player like rockplayer which supports many more video formats : avi mkv rmvb mp4 mov wmv asf wma wav mpg ts mpa dvd au mp3 mid ivf aiff ogm ogg cda flic d2v aac roq flac drc dsm swf pls pmp
meridian is a pretty popular media player .
' re ' download the movie on line and just copy the divx files to your phone . most movies should just work with the default movie player ( which is really great on the sgs ) ripping a movie takes a lot of time/knowledge just downloading it is easy and probably faster .
you can try foxreal dvd ripper , which can convert any dvd to samsung galaxy s easily . what is more , it customize the best video format for samsung galaxy s to help u get the best visual experience , you can try it , good luck !
this sounds a lot like an issue with cache . while the apps themselves can be stored on the sd card , cache that they produce might not . as i do not know what apps you actually have , i can only advise you to at least try and delete cache from various apps , such as twitter , facebook etc . to delete cache , do as follows ( this is for android 4.3 ) : settings -> more -> application manager here you should be able to click in on every installed app , and delete their cache . beware , tho , for something like calender and alarm clock apps , any set up serviced from them might reset ! this should not , however , delete the app itself .
the pda:na1 firmware is kitkat 4.4.2
this is actually a system theme . any app that is written to run under the theme of the device ( unless you are root your devices theme is not changeable ) will grab backgrounds , etc from that theme . it is like how most apps on the nexus devices run with the holo theme . edit : just to clarify i am saying this is not an app , it is just a theme .
as matt mentions , you can long-press the home button to see the 6 or 8 most recent apps . i have also seen itching thumb suggested here before . as matt also mentions , there are task manager apps . one is advanced task killer ( or advanced task killer froyo even ) which can be configured to switch to the open app rather than killing it . btw , if you search for whether you should use atk to kill apps , you will see a lot of advice telling you it is not needed for froyo . i had not heard of atk froyo until now , so i do not know what makes it different than the original atk .
long pressing on the home button will bring up the six most recently accessed apps and you can switch them . how many stay in the memory depends on your phone and the size off the app . android keeps all opened apps in the memory until it needs space . there are countless apps that show what apps are running in your memory . search the market for " app manager " or " task manager " . one i particularly like is smart bar .
a microsd nfc reader has been certified for commercial use ( visa certifies devicefidelity’s in2pay nfc microsd ) . we used a nexus s to read , display , and share a video from an rfid sticker the internet of experiences : consumer-based advertising using the nexus s . xtremesignpost consumer-based advertising .
the first part of your question is tautological : if the phone supports sdio then yes , it supports sdio . the g1 and the " beagleboard " support it , i believe . as for the nfc chip , i would say that if it is not small enough already then it could be shrunk to fit . it is not a particularly complicated piece of electronics . i would see very little benefit in developing something like this , however . i do not think nfc will take off before the next 2 or 3 generations of phones ( if it does at all ) , so most people will be getting new ones instead of tricking out their old ones .
yes it will . i updated and now i have the new maps . knox security prevents you from installing any apks , and you can not kill knox , so if you do not want the new maps do not install the ota .
no , it will not update google maps . you will have to update that manually or through google play . however , after you download and install the ota update , you may receive a google map update notification . just make sure you do not set your google play apps to auto-update , so you can close / ignore those notifications . source : comments on cnet .
android 4.1 ( "jelly bean" ) has this . i just went to the " widgets " section , chose " photo gallery " , and from the popup , chose " choose an image " , which gave me the chance to ( you guessed it ) choose an image ; after cropping , that image is now just sitting there on my home screen . amusingly ( or infuriatingly , depending on your mood ) , tapping the image on my home screen does not , as you might expect , bring up the larger version of it in the gallery ; instead it brings up the larger version of some other image ( in my case , one that is in the same album ) in the gallery .
building cyanogenmod requires developers tools and knowledge in actually converting the program source into binary code designated for your selected device/handset . installing cyanogenmod is just putting the actual zip of the rom onto the sdcard and flashing it via clockworkmod recovery which performs the install and prepares the environment on next reboot , this is somewhat , a once-off operation , unless you are into flashing roms on a regular basis .
notifications for sms can be set from two places : the general configuration from settings > sound , where you can set the default notification sound . from the messaging app itself , settings > notification settings , where you can set it to use the default value defined in point 1 or you can define another value . check both places to configure the notification you want . also if you have any third party apps , despite being disabled they might still mess with the notification alerts . i would suggest to uninstall them while you check your notification sound settings and the reinstall them afterwards if you want to use them again .
sorry , i do not have enough rep to comment , so i just ask you here : can you please try to : create a contact on your phone log in to http://contacts.google.com/ with your computer see if it get 's on the contacts website after you have created the contact on your phone change something in the contact on your phone ( phone number ) see if it updates in the contacts website if it does not update you have a contact sync issue . go to : Settings &gt; Accounts &amp; Sync &gt; (your google account) &gt; Sync contacts  this must be enabled . check the last sync time , is it recent ? if this all does not help . as a workaround try to add a contact picture from the contacts website and check if it gets updatet into your phone . i manage all my contacts there as it is easier .
i expect an app like tasker or locale could do this . there look to be some apps that can do this for you . a quick perusal of the appbrain market found this : htc 911 roaming assistant
just go to flight mode or remove the sim card when you are on roaming .
it is not available because you have an old version of the ti firmware in your sensortag . some months ago they added the " connection control service " to the sensortag firmware to enable oad with android . if your firmware is not recent , it has the oad service but not the connection control service , so you will have to use ios to to oad .
found that and it works for making and ending calls . still looking for a way to mute microphone .
setting usb debugging did not resolve my issue . i upgraded kies to the latest version . and it worked well .
under Settings \u2192 Applications \u2192 Development disable usb debugging . ( in vanilla ics this option is under Settings \u2192 Developer options ) plug your phone into your pc via usb with kies already running . ( found via galaxyforums .net)
op here . i used the info here to fix another ( relevant , if i remember correctly ) problem i had , then reinstalled the drivers , rebooted , set the phone to " camera ( ptp ) " mode , and let windows do it is " installing drivers " thing . it works now .
load the kernel . zip file into the pda field of odin , and ( if you have it , should have come with odin ) load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . then flash it just like you did for the froyo rom . a stock rom is just a rom that is not modified by anyone , it came straight from samsung . if you are not using a lagfix already , you probably do not need a stock rom however . you should be able to find one easily enough in the xda subforum for your device , if you want it ; use js5 , since that is what the kernel is based on . your paid apps are recorded in your google account . you will never lose your purchase rights to them ( barring any service suspensions and that sort of thing ) . you can , however , use something like titanium backup to back them up ( requires root ) . you can back up the entire device using clockworkmod / nandroid ; look for rom manager in the market ( requires root ) . one question : why are you using that over straight voodoo ? voodoo 's perfect , and i believe supercurio has taken stock kernels and added only voodoo so you do not get any other random stuff .
i am not aware of any app for android that can mirror an entire website . however there are plenty available for computers . i do not have experience with any of them , so i can not give you recommendations . a google search revealed a few candidates that could do the job . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] these should download the individual pages and the necessary resources like stylesheets , images and javascript files . after you have downloaded the site copy it to your sd card and use web server app to serve it locally . just open up your browser and point it to the web server 's address .
i am not familiar with how htc sense deals with vibration settings , but this does sound like a bug . as a possible work around - you could install tasker and set a profile for every time you turn the screen on to set vibration off . this is a nasty hack , but would stop the vibration function on your phone from coming on all the time .
in my ics ( on lg swift hardware ) the switch to " ring " profile occured on every answered call during daytime . somebody else at polish lg forum complained about switching to " quiet " at night . solved : after some reading and a simple experiment i found that it is the system app to switch profiles for the nighttime ( settings-> sounds-> " silence time " in my lg ) . this is a buggy app : after any event requiring sound on - like answered call or so -- it switches to the scheduled profile , even if it was overriden manually . to make clear : i have " nighttime " quiet setting , so after manual switch to " loud " , upon first call it automatically returns to " quiet " . in the daytime , when quietened manually , after a first call it returns to " loud " . switching this option off helps . p.s. i have read about problems with tasker after upgrade - maybe it is some more general bug ( or feature making some apps incompatible )
some apps have certain hardware requirements that your phone might not support ( e . g . screen resolution . ) the market has the ability to filter out such apps from search results .
in addition to chahk 's answer , there are also geographic or carrier restrictions for some apps . these are basically up to developer , and we can only speculate as to why . you should contact the developer .
if you dwn load the nq smart booster app when using the app to optimize the battery , the haptic appears and u can enable or disable it accordingly , its does not appear in d settings .
i have checked the settings in my devices as i knew i have seen it somewhere . on my tabbies with 4.1.1: nothing found . my wildfire with 4.0.4 running cyanogenmod 9.1 has it in the audio/tone menu as vibrate on touch my milestone 2 ( cm7.2/gingerbread ) has it at the same place as haptic feedback lg optimus 4x ( aka lg-p880 ) running stock 4.0.3: again same place , vibrate on touch so the location of this setting seems to be quite clear -- but some manufacturers seem to have the setting removed/hidden . if your device belongs to that group , take a look at spare parts plus ! ( no ads ) , which offers this setting at the end of its main screen as haptic feedback ( the app is free and has no ads ) .
on my galaxy s3 , the haptic feedback ( vibrate when soft keys are pressed and on certain ui interactions ) is part of the sound settings . i never have them on , but to test for this question , turned it on , and performed a copy/paste operation to encounter what you felt . it was successful , so undo it by going to sound , and disabling haptic feedback .
maybe your phone does not support the app you are searching . also , some apps only can be install from certain locations ( example google listen is available in a few countries ) . from google play website all apps are going to appear , but when you try to install this apps its gonna say " this app is not compatible with your device " .
the general opinion everywhere is that the web marketplace is much better with search results than the marketplace app ( it is really puzzling as to why is such the case ) . and no , the problem is not india specific , it is faced everywhere . the same opinion holds for other stores as well , including apple 's appstore . the good news is , there are a few companies trying to make it better , namely chomp and tapjoy : chomp has been pretty successful and has been solving a truly-existing problem , which is evident since verizon now includes chomp in its tethered phones . for more info , see xconomy . com news article discussing the search issues in the mobile market places and apps like chomp and tapjoy .
not aware , but a quick check in the playstore shows there are several bicycle apps supporting " ant+ sensors " for speed and other things . take e.g. a look at ipbike ant+™ bike computer , ant+ bike display demo , ipbikekey , and others . starting point : ant+ playstore search : ) please note that , as ifor pointed out in his comment , that this requires special support from the android device 's hardware . details can be found e.g. at the ipbike page .
im apps that do not require an additional account tend to be few and far between on android ( in my experience , anyway ) , but so far i have seen two : ebuddy - this does have an associated " ebudy id " account that you can register for , but you are not required to do so in order to use other protocols . im+ ( free , pro ) - same as ebuddy above . another potential selling point is that the tablet interface is much nicer , imho .
try to delete the gtalk application data : Settings -&gt; Application -&gt; Application Settings choose the gtalk app and press delete data .
this sounds like an issue with summer time vs daylight savings time ? most parts of the world are still running on summer time right now , which is generally +1 hour to your actual time zone . as well as checking your phone 's time zone , check to see if you have the correct settings for summer time/daylight savings set .
proxy . mvno . tracfone . com make sure that the letter p is on upper case and this is an old apn settings your internet is slow on this kind of apn use the current lte one
competitive multiplayer games that are played with you on one side of the screen , your opponent on the other . on a phone , the screen is usually too small to enjoy that kind of gameplay anyway , so you do not really miss that much . finger gestures will be limited , though most apps that provide gestures usually provide multiple other mechanisms to access the features . you do not miss that much really . at the moment , i only have one application that requires more than two finger : magic piano .
tl ; dr : 2 fingers is more than enough ! there is no real need for more than 2 fingers on your screen . but there are some apps that allow more than 2 fingers ( like already said in other answers : piano apps , keyboard apps etc ) . but i do not think that the number of allowed fingers should be one of your criteria not to take a phone . especially if it is a phone , more than 2 fingers will not be necessary . although , some phones have added a special meaning to more than 3 finger actions . for example if you look at the htc one x , this phone can attach a special meaning when you push with 3 fingers on the screen ( start media link tv is the default behaviour ) .
its very useful for advance users to quickly control system interactions . i use 3 and 4 finger actions for things like : 3 finger swipe down - same as pressing the back button 3 f swipe up - for menu button 4 f swipe down - to turn off the screen 5 f tap 3 times - to kill an app , force close it 4 f tap once - to switch/ toggle between the most recent apps 4 f pinch - same as the home button 4 finger swipe left to right - shows the volume menu so i can change any of the volumes . the app i use to control all this is called , gmd gesture control - on a galaxy note 3 . it depends on your preferences , but i use all of the above every day and very rarely do i get any issues or false triggers . of course the more gestures there are the more false triggers may occur .
in the moron test app , one of the challenges needs 4 finger multi touch . can not remember if this is available on android however . mainly only games would use this i believe .
i think that three or more touches are useful on tablets because actually it is hard to do so many touches on the small screen . from my experience i know these two applications : simple keyboard . yes , sometimes you can put tablet on the table and print with two hands like on real keyboard to improve writing speed . any piano emulator . same situation as above .
it is kind of nice to be able to use 3 fingers in fruit ninja sometimes , although you need a decent size tablet to really make use of it . i highly doubt that you will miss out on anything if your device only supports 2-finger multitouch , however .
tap a photo so that the thumbnail views appear at the bottom . then long press on one of the thumbnails and you then get an option to select all additional hint : " select all " you will find in the upper option bar where you usually choose your album " favorites " . use the share-button and one of the given options to save the files to another folder ( e . g . use " es explorer save as"-option ) .
using android-lost is easy ; install android lost from gplay or google play ( you already did this ) go to the homepage of android lost log in using your google account ! use all the nice features , let your phone ring , locate it , erase all your data or change the pin , give the thieve or finder a message etc .
izzy says : have you tried going to settings-> apps-> manage apps and see if you can find the download manager there ? might either be in the alphabetic order , or moved to the end of the list . tap its entry , tap the " enable " button . bassmadrigal says : it should be under settings -> apps -> all at the bottom of the list ( if you have multiple apps disabled , it will be sorted alphabetically below all the enabled apps ) . just click on it and click the enable button .
go to settings > apps then scroll to the right . you will see a few tabs : downloaded running , all disabled ( if any of your apps are disabled ) in the disabled tab find the download manager and enable it .
if you live in non-us country , then you can follow a guide for installing the us-based ics on you xoom that i have written up on my blog . the basic procedure is : install android sdk and motorola usb drivers on your pc download us honeycomb stock rom from here extract all files from this zip file into platform-tools folder under android sdk boot the device into fastboot mode . then from command prompt ( with current directory ‘sdk/platform-tools’ ) run following commands- fastboot oem unlock ( this is red pill , at this point your device warranty voids ! welcome to matrix ! ! ) fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot flash userdata userdata . img fastboot erase cache now reboot the device go to settings -> about -> update , this will download subsequent rom update and will install it , and then reboot repeat step-7 until all updates are done ( will normally need 4-5 update cycles ) note that it will void your device warranty
which version of the xoom do you have ? motorola have so far only released an ics update for the us wifi version of the xoom ( the 3g version and the international version use different firmware and have not had the update yet , applying this update to those models may harm them ) . if you do have a us wifi xoom then motorola are already actively pushing this update out and have been doing this in batches since 24th jan . if your device is regularly connected to the internet and has not automatically picked up the update yet , then you can force it to go and check by going into settings -> about tablet and selecting system updates it should then go and check for you . in the future , if you want to have a chance of getting xoom updates early , you can join the official motorola feedback network , members of that group did reportedly get the ics update a few weeks earlier than everyone else . join it by signing up at the motorola forums and selecting the " motorola feedback network " option . if you do want to do this manual update , then you can pick up a usb otg ( aka host mode usb cable ) very cheaply on ebay , i got one for connecting my camera to the xoom for a couple of pounds , including postage from hong kong !
as you are using a galaxy s2 which has samsung 's touchwiz interface layered over the android os , some of your questions are specific to touchwiz , so i will answer them that way too , in a way that may not be helpful to people with a different interface : yes , there are a number of lockscreens built in , if you go into settings -> location and security , then you should see a section labelled screen unlock settings selecting set screen lock gives you some options . this is touchwiz specific . on the home screen press the applications icon to get to the apps list , then press the menu button and select edit . you should now be able to drag any icon off the " home row " , and drag any other icon on ( to maximum of four apps ) . there are a couple of other questions on this site about setting up quick dials ( like this one ) etc . but it sounds like you could do what you want by creating a starred contacts folder on your home screen . firstly go through your contacts and " star " any contacts that you had regard as favourites , then find an empty space on your home screen , long-press there , sleect folders from the menu that pops up and then select starred contacts . do not really use folders myself , so i will leave that to someone else . that was the first annoyance i noticed when i got my first android phone a few years ago , i use the sms popup app for that , could not use an android for messaging without it . never even tried doing that , but when you are in their text message conversation you can press menu then more then call .
yes , you can use an alternative lockscreen . something like widgetlocker , which happens to have an iphone theme . again yes , but you need an alternative launcher . for example , adw launcher , or launcher pro . you got it . i do not think so . it depends on what type of folders they are . filesystem folders are usually sorted by date or name . yes , but you need an app for that . try something like handcent sms . yes . tap their picture , and tap the phone icon in the popup that appears below ( or above ) it .
the messages you sent will still reside in the recipient 's whatsapp even if you delete your whatsapp account .
no they wont be deleted and stored in a private whatsapp directory . when you again install whatsapp it will search for that content and if found you can reload all your contents with news version installed . and you do not have whatsoever any control on the messaged that you have already sent to other users they are stored locally on their side so just deleting your account does not make them vanish from other users device .
the messages will remain on the whatsapp interface . also , there is a history of all conversations in the whatsapp folder on your internal storage . you may also want to get rid of them , if you do not want backups of all of your messages . basically , once you send a message to someone they receive it and it goes to their storage , so you cannot delete those .
either you can use a root browser like es explorer or even easier is to add a folder on sd denoting what you wish to use it for ie . ringtone , alarm , ui , notification
add a folder named ' ringtones ' to your sd card . add your ringtone files to that folder . in the same manner add folders named ' notifications ' , ' alarms ' etc
update : ( will update soon enough ) com . android . provision uninstalled ( no issues encountered ) com . android . keyguard ( why does not it have a name in apps list ? after removing it , i could not use the s2 home button . the phone has to be rebooted to make it fully removed or installed ) input devices uninstalled ( no issues encountered ) documents ( com . android . documentsui ) uninstalled ( no issues encountered ) package access helper left it market feedback agent ( is it for adding your apps to google play my apps list ? ) i left it before because i thought it makes a my apps list in playstore so you can check for updates but sideloaded apps ( like from a backup ) never appear in my apps anyway so i uninstalled ( no issues encountered ) html viewer someone supposed it is for better rendering so i guess it is for better html content experience but i uninstalled anyway ( no issues encountered ) external storage ( storage works without it ) i* also removed some mediaprovider/whatever stock gallery app fails to find anything but still opens images when using open with inside file manager so i replaced gallery with a better alternative key chain ( is it for storing passwords ? ) ( google play still works ) uninstalled ( no issues encountered ) settings storage ( can not settings store data itself ? ) after freezing rom was stuck on its animation ( confirmed twice restoring to different backup and freezing again to verify if it always does that ) so i leave it as it is google services
requirement : rooted phone samsung phone accountandsyncsettings . apk -- no , sync settings , this is required , even if out don´t sync , this is because it syncs more than just calendar and contacts , it is the effective sync to your google account , required for just about anything . applicationsprovider . apk -- no , required for application installation and uninstall . audiotuning . apk -- ? , not really sure about this one . i guess this is an automatic sound adjustment according to background noise , however i´ve never seen this into effect . if you´re feeling lucky , you can try removing it , however i´ve never monitored this actually showing up resource managers . axt9ime . apk -- yes , this is the stock samsung keyboard . you can remove it , but even if you have swype , swype doesn´t have all of the keyboard layouts . i´d leave it , to my opinion , this is kind of essential . badgeprovider . apk -- no , something to do with messaging and email . removing this causes sms and email related apps to force close . even if you manage to keep the program open for long enough without it foce closing , you won´t be able to send messages , they´ll just be stuck on " sending " . bluetooth . apk -- yes , incorrectly named , this apk actually manages the bluetooth printing rather than the bluetooth itself . if you have no need for bluetooth printing , this won´t ever be missed or will never bother you in any occasion . bluetoothopp . apk -- no , this apk actually manages file transfer between phones . remove this and you´ll never be able to transfer files . this actually includes streaming music through car bluetooth and headsets , since they effectively speaking , file transfers . bluetoothservices . apk -- no , provides general framework for bluetooth . if you´re going to use bluetooth for any reason , this apk is a must . removing this one breaks all other bluetooth applications . bluetoothtestmode . apk -- yes , this is activated when you need to test the fidelity of your bluetooth . you can do that by going into the test section by typing the secret code # #197328640# # . removing it is possible , however , some bt connections actually test the bluetooth to measure how much data is transfered . this way , it calculates the buffer size it needs to use , and at what quality media can be streamed . removing it can disrupt communications with those bt terminals or you can experience fade-outs , where while listening to songs , the sound will fade every few seconds , because of inadequate bandwith . ( this can occur even with this application left as is , if your bt terminal doesn´t have the auto regulation feature ) browser . apk -- yes , removing this will make you lose your browsing ability ( not internet as a whole ) . if you have firefox or opera for android , and like those best , you can remove this without any problems . buddiesnow . apk -- yes , this is just that widget offered by the touchwiz launcher . if you don´t use it , remove it . callsetting . apk -- no , do you like to use your phone for . . . umm calling people ? this is kind of essencial , it will allow call setting to be edited . stuff like call waiting and forwarding will not work if you remove this , as well as other stuff i didn´t have time or willingness to test , as soon as i confirmed dialpad and other things while calling had been disabled . camera . apk -- no , this is the camera application . if you find an alternative one ( i don´t think there are any on the market ) you could remove it . camerafirmware . apk -- no , this is the actual rom ( if you will ) for the camera . without this , camera . apk is useless . certinstaller . apk -- no , installs certificates for the apps you install . i assume without this , you cannot give permissions for apps to do things and access certain folders and files . i´m guessing if you don´t have this installed , you couldn´t even install root on your phone . so in short , no . clockpackage . apk -- yes , however this controls the alarm clock , stopwatch , world time and timer . there are alternative applications online if you want , but this seems to do the job pretty well and all under the same apk . contacts . apk -- no , this controls the contacts application ( the contacts / groups / history / activities tabs ) . removing this will make you have to call everyone by physically inputing their number . contactsprovider . apk -- no , this controls contacts sync . pretty useful if you still don´t use google contacs sync , you should try it . in theory if you don´t use it , you could remove it , but i don´t know what effect it would have on your contacts . csc . apk -- no . this breaks csc . according to insanity , this can be removed after first successful boot , but if you ever have to hard reset or restore factory settings , this will not allow you to boot successfully . datacreate . apk -- no . dialertabactivity . apk -- no . this controls the dialer . even if you have all your contacts already stored , you cannot call them without this app . divx . apk -- yes . this is some licesing information for the video player . i don´t really watch alot of videos on my phone , but after removing this i´ve never had any problems . if you do remove it , and have problems , post it on the comments . dlna . apk -- yes . this is allshare . never had any use for it , and it shall not be missed . downloadprovider . apk -- no . handles file downloads and market downloads . drmprovider . apk -- no . in theory , you cannot remove it , it will break your ability to play drm protected files , aka , ringtones and sms notifications . i´ve been in the process of de-drming my ringtone files . i would imagine , if you don´t have a reason to play drm protected files , this could be removed . however keep in mind all drm protected files will not be able to play . this apk takes up a lot of memory and stays on all the time on the background . it is one of my most hated apks , it serves no function rather than to protect you from copying or editing the stupid samsung ringtones . drmua . apk -- no , see above . dualclock . apk -- yes . dual clock widget . if you don´t need , remove it . email . apk -- no . according to insanity , removing this will break things . haven´t tried it yet though . enhancedgooglesearchprovider . apk -- yes . this controls that ability to hold the menu button for a second or two and the search menu pop up . i usally keep it . factorytest . apk -- yes . removed it without any problems . if you have ever run autostarts , you´ll realize how much of a hog this apk really is during some actions . flashplugin . apk -- yes . this allows flash content to be displayed , so even though you can , i don´t recommed it . flashsvgplayer . apk -- yes . as far as i know , this is the player which provides you to view the flash content through the plugin above . removing this might break your flashplugin . fmradio . apk -- yes . radio player . gallery3d . apk -- yes . this is a battery hog . it´s that fancy 3d accelerometer enhanced gallery . if you remove it , you won´t be able to easily access photographs though . if you want a good replacement , i would suggest quickpic , it does the job , it´s fast and doesn´t hog memory ( although its not fancy like the 3d gallery ) globalsearch . apk -- yes . this is the search function on your phone . remember the enhanced search this above , well , that actually accesses this to do the search . that can be removed and this will be fine ( although you´ll have to access the search feature by the app drawer ) . but if you remove this , the enhanced search will be useless . gmail . apk -- yes . don´t use gmail ? it can be removed , but will break talk . apk as well . gmailprovider . apk -- yes . i guess it is tied to gmail . apk . see above . googleapps . apk -- ? . this is didn´t even come installed on my phone , so i guess it´s not that important . googlecheckin . apk -- ? same as above . googlecontactssyncadapter . apk -- yes . syncs contacts through google . this can be removed , but you won´t be able to sync contacts . googlepartnersetup . apk -- no . googlesearch . apk -- yes . this is the google search widget you can add onto your launcher desktop . googlesettingsprovider . apk -- no . googlesubscribedfeedsprovider . apk -- ? . don´t know , this is not on my phone . gpssetup2 . apk -- no . this sets up gps configurations . gtalkservice . apk -- yes . you might have this as talk . apk or gtalkservice . apk , although it´s all the same thing , it´s google talk . htmlviewer . apk -- yes . no side effects were noticed when removing this . hwcodec . apk -- ? . don´t have this on my phone . icsservice . apk -- ? . don´t have this on my phone . infoalarm . apk -- yes . this is the daily briefing widget . don´t need it remove it . inputeventapp . apk -- no . layar-samsung . apk -- yes . layar . seems awesome on paper . never has been of any use in reality . lbstestmode . apk -- yes . gps testing mode . can be accessed via # #197328640# # , but not needed per se . lcdtest . apk -- yes . removing this will cause your screen to not turn off when you lock your phone . by installing spare parts you can fix this , however if you don´t use spare parts for any other reason , that´s just replacing a passive apk for one that invades your phone on all levels . so i rather just leave it and not worry about it . logsprovider . apk -- no . lots of things will crash and force close if you do . maps . apk -- yes . google maps apk . if you don´t use it , remove it , but it is pretty useful , since it has gps navigation as well . marketupdater . apk -- yes . safe to remove but when the market gets updated you won´t be recieving the update . mediaprovider . apk -- no . needed to access media files and ringtones . mediauploader . apk -- yes . this uploads pictures to picassa ( facebook as well ? ) . if you don´t need it , remove it . memo . apk -- yes . remove it and you won´t be able to write memos though . mms . apk -- no . this controls mms sending and recieving on the phone . mobiletrackerenginetwo . apk -- yes . this app and the next control the tracker ability on your phone . what this does is if you lose your phone you can use this to track it down and find it . if it gets stolen , you can use this to lead the cops to the thief . although this is an awesome idea , if you don´t live in a perfect world , it would be wiser not to go after the guy who stole your phone in case he decides to , hum . . . , go kill you afterwards . . . besides , i live in argentina , and the cops cannot be trusted to do this kind of job . . . they´ll tell you they can´t do anything . these things stay on memory all the time and really consume battery , so if you don´t care about this feature and really just take care of your stuff , you´ll not be needing these two apps . mobiletrackerui . apk -- yes . see above . i forgot to mention though an extra feature this offers though . if you have these 2 apks installed , you have the samsung apps and singin ( you´ll see them later further down ) , you can use another apk called wipereciever . apk to remotely wipe all the data on your phone , in case you are very privacy concious . however , removing any of these 2 apks , removing samsung apps and not setting up a samsung apps account before your phone gets stolen , this feature becomes disabled . really in my opinion , its too much stuff to be worried about , and my phone doesn´t contain any nuclear launch codes . so i rely on my lock screen password to protect my data . ( most thieves don´t have the knowhow to crack the lockscreen protection and access the info inside the phone . at most they´ll get bored and might find the info on how to flash a new rom or reset to factory settings , where your info will be deleted and your privacy sensitive stuff with it ) . mtpapplication . apk -- yes . required to sync with kies . do you flash your roms rather than update through kies , this is useless to you then . ( updating through kies is the equivalent of upgrading from xp to windows 7 . it does the job , but it never works as well as installing from scratch . ) musicplayer . apk -- yes . this is the music player . if you remove this , you can still preview sounds and stuff through the soundplayer . apk . this can be effectively replace by poweramp and winamp . in fact , if you have a stable music player alternative installed , i would recommend you delete this , since it could cause clashes and you might even get both players playing different songs at the same time via bluetooth . myfiles . apk -- yes . this is the default file viewer installed by samsung . if you use rootexplorer , this is kind of pointless . however , i sometime do things on the go and need to access things fast . i usually use this for everyday use and leave rootexplorer just to do alterations such as what we are doing in this list , so as to not delete important things by accident . networklocation . apk -- yes . this is the semi-accurate gps simulation . it uses cellphone cell information to estimate your location , rather than using the battery hog gps antenna . if you remove this , things like automatic weather location will be broken ( you´ll have to input your location manually ) . i usually leave this on , because since it uses the very gsm network used by the phone , it seems like hitting two birds with one stone . using the real gps will force you to have two antennas working together . this wastes a lot of battery , and really most of the time the network location does a pretty good job of narrowing down your location . if you use gps a lot , i recommed just buying one of those tomtoms or garmin gps , it has better maps , better accuracy and the very device is optimized to use only the gps antenna , therefore wasting less battery , and not wasting your phone battery life . otaprovisioningservice . apk -- no . according to insanity , this is required . however see wssyncmlnps . apk to get more of an idea . packageinstaller . apk -- no . personalization . apk -- no . phone . apk -- no . remove this and you won´t have the dialer application . even though your phone will theoretically work , you just won´t be able to dial out or view missed calls and stuff . phonecrashnotifier . apk -- ? . don´t know , my phone doesn´t have this . phoneerrservice . apk -- no . phone_util . apk -- no . picotts . apk -- yes . this is part of the text to speech ( not speech to text ) . if you´re blind , this is kind of important , because the phone will read via a a robotic voice things to you . this is also part of the google gps application where it will tell you " turn left " " keep right " . if you remove this , gps navigation will work , you just won´t have someone talking to you . if you decide to remove this , remove ttsservice . apk as well . preconfig . apk -- no . rilfactoryapp . apk -- ? . the galaxy 3 seems to be the only phone in the world that has this . nowhere i have seen is this apk mentioned . i have no idea what this does . samsungapps . apk -- yes . samsung apps , if you remove this , you can remove signin . apk as well . if you remove this , and you manage your music and have apps via kies , they might not work , however kies will still connect ( if you want to update firmware via kies ) . by removing this , your samsung and touchwiz widgets will still work . samsungwidget_calendarclock . apk -- yes . calendar clock widget . samsungwidget_feedandupdate . apk -- yes . feeds and updates widget . samsungwidget_stockclock . apk -- yes . stock clock widget . samsungwidget_weatherclock . apk -- yes . weather clock widget . secdownloadprovider . apk -- no . i believe this has to do with the maket , so i´d just leave it alone . servicemodeapp . apk -- no . required for secret codes and service tasks , such as those accessed by secret codes . settings . apk -- no . isn´t settings explicit enough ? settingsprovider . apk -- no . some carriers will send you settings via sms or internal message . this is mostly for those people who don´t really know how to configure their phone ( anyone not reading xda ) . although it seems banal , it could be useful at some point , and some people have reported things force closing because of this setupwizard . apk -- no . in theory can be deleted after first successful boot . however this could cause problems if you need to factory reset shutdown . apk -- no . tells you your battery is low and manages shutdown notifications . signin . apk -- yes . see samsungapps . apk sisodrmprovider . apk -- no . has to do with the drm . if you successfully manage to remove drmua and drmservice , maybe this can be removed as well . don´t know , haven´t been able to rid my phone from drm still . snsaccount . apk -- yes . does the feeds sync with facebook and twitter . without this , you won´t be informed of new tweets of your friends saying " omg ! i´m at the toilet reading cosmo magazine . lolz " . snsprovider . apk -- yes . see above . soundplayer . apk -- yes . this , not to be confused with musicplayer . apk plays sounds and previews ringtones . even though it can be removed , you´ll be pretty limited if you do , since it works a bit faster and to the point than musicplayer . it doesn´t genera playlist , history and has no visualization . it just plain to the point plays sounds . even if you have winamp , poweramp , cubed or whatever i recommend keeping this . stk . apk -- yes . you know those annoying menus your carrier offers you , you know , to inform you about your hororscope ( no i didn´t misspell it ) , roaming information or traffic information , making you send a message so they can send you the info back ? this is the menu apk for that . don´t want to download your carrier ( payed ) games or apps telling you bad jokes ? delete this . street . apk -- yes . streetview for google maps . removing it will not break google maps , but you won´t get to view street pictures . swype . apk -- yes . swype keyboard , and awesome alternative to samsung´s . it does a good job at predicting text , but not essential if you like to manually type all words out . syncmldm . apk -- yes . device management . i read something somewhere but don´t really remember what it was . i deleted this accidentally while trying to delete syncmlds . apk but nothing has broken yet . . . syncmlds . apk -- yes . this has to do with the synchronize page options in the settings menu . if you don´t use it , it has no meaning in your life . talk . apk -- yes . google talk . there was some chatter about removing this breaking gmail or the market . as far as i´ve read , this can be removed , although i still haven´t gotten around to trying it out . talkprovider . apk -- yes . see above . telephonyprovider . apk -- no . thinkdroid . apk -- yes . this is the mobile version of a microsoft office clone . removing this will not let you open . doc or . xls or . pps on your phone . touchwiz30launcher . apk -- no . even though if you use zeam or launcherpro or golauncher , removing this is kind of dangerous . let me explain . a while ago when i was a virgin at odin flashing and new to the phone , i deleted this because i was using launcherpro . i had also deleted something that made my phone force close all the time . i didn´t trust flashing yet , and in my haste , i decided to restore factory settings . the thing is , when you do that , it deletes all non stock apps and reconfigures the phone to use stock apps . when i that , even though the phone booted , i couldn´t access anything , because launchers also control the appdrawer . my phone was literally blank , although if was working . the problem is , if you factory reset , the settings that control your usb connection as modem or pda go back to its original settings . as mine did . so i couldn´t get to anywhere on my phone and couldn´t get my computer to recognize the phone . until i flashed it via odin ( after a 7 hour desperation overnight , and finding some miracle samsung usb x64 drivers for mobile phones on a forum ) the phone was in effect soft bricked . if you remove anything from this list and have problems , you can factory reset or prepare you contacts and apps for a flashing via odin . if you delete however , you won´t even be able to prepare yourself or backup anything . i wish this upon no one , so i advise keeping this , just to be on the safe side . touchwizcalculator . apk -- yes . calculator app , although can be removed , it´s pretty cool and functional . touchwizcalendar . apk -- yes . calendar app , although can be removed , it´s pretty cool and functional . touchwizcalendarprovider . apk -- no . this has something to do with calendar sync and seems to be the connection between the calendar app and the phone´s internal calendar and date settings . ttsservice . apk -- yes . see picotts . apk twwallpaperchooser . apk -- yes . wallpaper chooser . if you have 3dgallery or quickpic installed , you can use those to set wallpaper , even though there are some wallpapers ( internal to this apk ) you won´t get . unaservice . apk -- ? . i have no idea what this is , and so doesn´t insanity . userdictionaryprovider . apk -- yes . you know when you add new words , like names and nicknames to your keyboard prediction ? this is where those are kept . delete this and you´ll have to write like the english academy of words wants you to write . lolz and wtf won´t be recognized as words and you´ll have to write them out everytime you write them , rather than it being available to you via prediction . vending . apk -- no . part of the android market . actually this is the market . videoplayer . apk -- yes . video player . do as you wish . voicedialer . apk -- yes . allows you to dial by speaking someone´s name . most people´s names when i say them , tend to return something entirely different from what i was looking for . sometimes though , it surprises . for some reason this sometimes doesn´t work if you don´t have mobile internet activated , making me believe this actually sends via internet the recording , and an algorith somewhere in the google empire sends the decodification back . . . very ineffective . voicerecorder . apk -- yes . allows you to record your voice . some people complain the quality is too low , however i use this as a notepad , rather than writing my to-do list , i speak them . much faster and much easier . don´t see why something such as this would need audiophile levels of quality . vpnservices . apk -- yes . vpn for android . perhaps gmote or applications that allow you to control your phone via pc desktop might require this . i don´t , so i delete it , and it doesn´t break anything . wipereceiver . apk -- yes . remember mobile tracker ? this is the apk that lets you wipe your data remotely . wlantest . apk -- yes . tests wireless settings , via the same test menu mentioned on the above test apks . required for ota updates . writeandgo . apk -- yes . write and go application . wssomacp . apk -- no . required for sms messaging . wssyncmlnps . apk -- yes . this is over the air programming . what this does is if your provider decides it has a better way to configure your device or alterations to do to improve something , they´ll send you a message telling to dial such and such number . your phone will go into download mode and somethings will be updated . my carrier never has done such things , and really i trust the guys from xda to configure my phone way better than my carrier . i usually remove this . youtube . apk -- yes . since android has limited flash support , this application allows you to take the full youtube experience , rather than having to access youtube through the browser . delete it if you don´t watch videos . source : xda
i do not think that the galaxy tab 4 does have a vibrator motor , in that case it would be impossible to activate haptic feedback .
actually , i just purchased a galaxy tab 4 and the google keyboard when installed and configured to do so will provide a noticeable haptic feedback . the device does have a vibration motor but i can not find a setting to activate haptic feedback for the built in samsung softkeys either ( back and window change ) .
as your device is rooted i assume you can download nexus root toolkit to pull and push files , it automatically handles both , bootloader booting and fastboot , through adb , if however you did not have usb debugging enabled i cant help you .
no , that " fooling " needs deeper access into the system , and thus requires root . but apart from that , i would recommend trying it with a different card . important : not the same brand and size and class ; try e.g. a card from a different manufacturer switch between classes ( class-6 is good enough , it does not have to be class-10 ) there are several incompatibilites reported here and there , and in most cases a card from a different brand worked fine . maybe you can borrow some from friends if you cannot effort to buy a bunch . i always buy microsd with sd adapter , so in case of incompatibility i can use it in my camera or other devices , and the buy was no loss in any case .
all google services are accessible via ipv6 , since june 6 , 2012 . and yes , i have tried it myself . my own android is on ipv6 .
i do not think the stock app will let you change the channel but it looks like other tethering apps will . try wireless tether for root users : features : . . . - ) settings for wifi-ssid , wifi-channel , " lan"-network and more .
changing the channel while creating a wireless hotspot is possible only after firmware modifications . however barnacle wifi tether reportedly does the job . it is open source .
typoclock and typoclock free both use the system language as one can see on the app features : multilanguage ( widget uses your system language to display day name and month name ) . there is no solution for situations like this , as you can only manipulate the application i18n feature if it was developed with such an option . you can , as mentioned by izzy on the comments , email the developer and see if this can be a feature a for future release .
someone over at the xda forums already discovered how to do that . see link to the thread below . i strongly advise to follow this guide only if you know your way around the procedures mentioned ( repacking and zipaligning an apk file , file system operations with root permissions ) and would not mind jumping through several hoops to recover your device if the process fails . xda thread - [ guide ] changing kindle wallpapers !
you can use quickpic plus es file manger to customize the kindle fire wallpaper . both are free . the key point is actually that the kindle fire system will restore the default wallpaper by default . that is why es file manager is indispensible . details about how to change wallpaper on kindle fire .
the free app , my kindle wallpaper does this simply and easily , no root required . d/l and install it , and point it at a photo or a folder full ( on the kf , not on the net ) , and get your favorite background photo or cycle through several ( one per wake-up , the way the stock software does ) . works perfectly on my original kf with kf v6.3.1 . ( i know it is a year later but this works , no f**ting around , nothing to break . it is literally a download and go . kudos to the author ! )
the best way is to create or import your contacts under google account . you can add both email or facebook info under each contacts . you can also log in to facebook app and sync facebook contacts . same name will be linked automatically and you may need link manually for the remaining contacts .
you could first add a facebook account from  Settings-&gt;Account-&gt;Add new account-&gt;Facebook  then the fb contacts will get synced with their numbers if users have added it on facebook . after that try syncing with the google account . if this does not work , you could always use the ' link contacts ' option provided in almost all contact application . it will detect similar accounts and link them to form a single contact file . hope this helps ! import facebook contects to goole+ .
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here . copied from bryan denny 's answer to another question .
i fixed it by doing a factory reset , and restoring my personal apps only and not including backups of system data .
if you do not want to/can not install the market on your tablet , you can download the . apk file for an app either directly from a website on your tablet or download it on your pc and then transfer it to your tablet . after that you can use any file manager to navigate to the apk and then click on it to install it ( you have to have third party app installation turned on ) . i usually get my apks at android community for devs
the sync option only controls whether changes are synchronized to and from that device : that is , if you add or delete a contact on the device , this change is reflected on other devices , and vice-versa . disabling sync just means the contacts that have already been synced to the device will get out of date when you change them . to control which contacts are shown , you need to go into the people app , then choose contacts to display from the overflow menu ( the three-dots in the top-right corner ) . then choose customise from the contacts to display dialog , and you can choose which groups of contacts from which accounts to show . when you create a new contact , you can choose from the menu at the top which google account to create it in ( or to keep it on the phone only ) . it remembers your previous selection , so if you only want to use one account , you only need to set it once .
your phone seems to be a bit older as it runs android 2.3 - therefore i assume it does not support any faster wlan connection than 54mbit . hence the theoretical maximum would be 54mbit = 6.75 mbyte/sec but only if you have just a router and a phone . with your pc in the network each device gets less than that . depending on the network protocol used you also lose a lot of speed . smb/cifs as used by windows shares is very ineffective . better use ftp protocol and suitable client for the best speed . if that does not improve the performance i would suggest using an sd-card in and sd-card reader directly attached via usb 2.0 to your pc .
i have the same issue on google nexus 10 . and i have recently find out that this happens only in es file explorer . i have downloaded movie using google chrome and the speed was 7 000 kbps , but the same file from the same site through es exp - &lt ; 500 kbps . . .
for posterity here 's what i did ( from memory , no guarantee the exact wording of the menu options will be the same ) : make sure you have android sdk installed and kindle drivers installed . open up devmgmt.msc ( device management window ) go to device tate-pvt-08 . right-click . click " update driver " . click " browse my computer for driver software " click " let me pick from a list of drivers on my computer " choose kindle fire 2 in the list that pops up . install adb composite driver . open up cmd with administrator privileges . go to sdk\tools in your android sdk . download http://fs1.d-h.st/download/00021/pv3/kf2_srt_10.2.3.zip ( kindle fire 2 images ) . unzip the file . follow the rest of http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035047 .
it is perfectly normal for a device ( usualy import models from china ) to have a kernel version such as " kernel version-- 3.4.0 root@tom-desktop#1" etc . and this has nothing to do with " rooting " a device . if i am not mistaken the " tom-desktop " is the default hostname when building a kernel .
you have to remove the automatically added server " hermes . jabber . org " . just leave the field empty . see https://dev.guardianproject.info/issues/2803
android 2.2 is now available for your device , which includes voice search : http://archosfans.com/2010/11/30/froyo-firmware-2-0-54-for-gen8-released-2/
do you mean the google voice search ? if so , i think it is only available on selected countries . here on brazil , it was unavailable until some weeks ago , when it was released on android market . this page shows where it is available : http://www.google.com/support/mobile/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=170820
finally tried this , it is quicker to do the following : select the contact name from the favorites widget ( the icon performs the action , the name shows you their details ) . select menu > more . select set widget action . select call , text , etc .
yes and yes . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=8035 i have not seen any resolution to this except changing the router 's ssid if you have access to it .
i do not think gingerbread has a built in gmail widget but take a look on the google play store . i found an example : " gmail inbox widget " that is compatible with gingerbread and there may be others . you could set up gmail in the default mail app and use it is widget but that sounds like a horrible work around to me . aqua mail - email app says it is compatible with 2.1 and up . i think this would be the same as using the default mail client on your phone ( setting up gmail in the app and using it as an email client ) but it does have an email widget . email widget looks like it will do what you want but it is not free . check to make sure it is compatible with your version of gmail before buying .
while the phone is connected as a usb mass storage device , it is giving the pc sole access to the sd card . the phone can not access the card at the same time because of how the usb mass storage protocol works . that is why newer android phones use mtp instead : a different protocol that lets the phone and the pc access the sd card at the same time . to keep the sd card available on the phone while it is connected to a pc , change the usb connection settings so that the phone is not acting as a usb mass storage device . i do not know exactly how the settings work on that phone , but if you click on the connected to pc ( or similar ) notification it should take you to the appropriate settings page . there you can switch to mtp if your phone supports it , or to charge only if it does not .
there is a reason why pressing ok has to be done and cannot be avoided is this - the pin number can be of any length of your preference , and by pressing ok that is signalling the intention that there i have all the pin digits entered , now android , please verify ! if there was a way to avoid pressing ok , that would impose the restriction on the length of the pin digits used , once the length of digits is reached ( for example the pin can be four digits long ) , then it would be automatic , but unfortunately in this case , no , you do have to press ok .
if you have android ics you can simply drag the notification area and turn wifi on/off from there .
on the samsung galaxy nexus , you can add the android built-in " power control " widget to your screen , this has a one-click button for turning wifi on and off on the left-hand end of the bar . ( screen shot is from the home screen of my galaxy nexus , but this power bar has been built-in to android since at least v1.6 , though some manufacturer customizations do remove/change it ) to add this press the circle-with-dots-in icon at the bottom of the home screen to go to your apps list , then select the " widgets " tab at the top of the screen and scroll along until you see " power control " or " settings " , hold your finger down on that and it should allow you to drag that to an empty spot on one of your home screens . also , if you have received the jelly bean 4.2.1 update , it contains a quick settings menu that allows you to get right into the wi-fi page in settings . you can swipe down with two fingers from the notification bar , or swipe once and click the button in the top righthand corner . then you long-press on the wifi icon to turn it on or off .
you might want to see apps you have installed previously but since uninstalled in order to find an app that you but want to recommend to a friend . you might uninstall an app by accident and want to find it again easily . google play needs to keep track of this information anyway , for two reasons:- you can only review an app you have installed ; even after uninstalling a paid app , it remains available to you , and you can reinstall it again without paying . deleting an entry only hides it from the list ( on all your devices and the web interface ) , and has no other effect .
digital , you need to be more clear about your intentions . what are you trying to telnet to/from ? if you want to telnet to your phone , it is not as easy as running telnet on your computer by entering your phone 's ip address . you have to run a telnet server on the phone -- otherwise the connection is refused . the best way to tell if you are actually rooted is by using terminal emulator . when you run term you will see a "$" , this is a user prompt , where you type in commands . the "$" means you are a normal user , not root . however , if you type " su " and hit enter and you end up with a "#" prompt , that means you are superuser ( root ) . if you can successfully get a superuser prompt , you are properly rooted . ( you might get a superuser permissions request for term when you first run " su" ) . once you are on a superuser prompt you can run a telnet/ssh server ( telnet is not recommended , as it is insecure ) . to see if you have an ssh server installed on your phone ( you should already if you run a mod , otherwise you will probably have to install one manually ) , type the following command ( as root ) in term : find / -name dropbear  it should return "/system/xbin/dropbear " , unless your mod has a slightly different filesys structure , in which case it might return a slightly different string , or error out altogether . if you do have dropbear , you can continue reading ( otherwise install dropbear first , then continue from here ) . now , as root in term ( make sure you have the "#" prompt , or type " whoami " to see what your username is ) , enter the following commands one at a time ( stop if any give an error ) . be very cautious when entering commands as root ! make sure you type everything exact including proper case . if the above commands were successful enter the following commands to complete the process : sync mount -o remount,ro -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system  you now have ssh server capability on your android device . note that this does not mean you are running and ssh server at this point , only that you are capable . to run your ssh server , first enter the following ( again , as root ) in term : dropbear -p WANIP  ( replace " wanip " with the external ip of your phone -- the ip you want to ssh in to ) your ssh server should now be running . you can check this by typing : ps|grep dropbear  it should return a line that ends with the word " dropbear " note depending on your version of android or mod , some of these steps may vary . if you encounter a problem ( dropbear does not run , or you can not ssh in ) , first check if dropbear is still running ( above command ) and then run " dropbear -e " to see why it will not start if it is not running . i am more than willing to answer any further questions you may have . happy hacking !
afaik , mostly port 1-1024 on android phone are reserved for system , so the application other than system must use port > 1024 . i never use telnet , but i used ssh frequently to remote my phone , i use ssh server on phone using http://teslacoilsw.com/quicksshd maybe you can use ssh as an alternative to telnet .
first off , read this thread on xda forums to make sure you are properly rooted . if you are positive you are properly and fully rooted then what app are you using ? i have never heard of the app telnet . try swiftp . it is easily configurable and has always worked on my rooted devices .
first , i would report that app as fraud to google : such behavior imho contradicts with their rules ( you can also give the appmaker the option to either have you removed from that subscription , or you would report – with the latter resulting in his app being removed from play ) . second , if you do not need premium sms services in general , check with your provider to have them removed altogether . if you can convince them you cannot unsubscribe due to fraudulent behavior of an app having you subscribed to and not letting you unsubscribe , it is their duty to take care for it ( to do so , they do not need to reveal that " servicename " to you , as long as they stop charging you ) . otherwise you could report them to the corresponding regulation office . having premium services disabled altogether should stop them from charging you . after that , if you do not want to read messages coming from that dubious service , you can simply put their number on your blacklist .
please note that this answer is more of a workaround than a direct solution . see my other answer for a suggested direct solution ( it basically says " try rebooting " , though ) . since you are on the stock launcher ( which , if i recall correctly , does not allow you to remove that search bar ) , the best answer i can think of is to try installing an alternative launcher . i personally use nova launcher ( the $4 " prime " version actually ) . after installing the new launcher , most ( nova included ) will give you an option to import your old icon layout if you want to . but by default , you are basically given a clean slate . i usually recommend nova because it nearly mimics the default launcher ( no crazy features or surprises ) and adds a few nice features - my favorite is that it has an " uninstall " drag-area that lets you uninstall an app without going to its settings/info page . other alternatives that i have played with include . . . go launcher , [ free , optional $6 upgrade ] supports countless themes and skins , but has a somewhat different look and behavior compared to stock . adw launcher , [ free , optional $3 upgrade ] one of the most mature custom launchers available . it is closer to the standard launcher than go is , and supports a huge number of themes , icon packs , etc . next launcher , [ free trial , full app is $16 ! ] a very different launcher with 3d effects and such . the full version is pretty expensive , but i guess it would be fun to show off to friends and such ( i do not know how user-friendly it actually is ) . espier launcher [ free , $8 upgrade for the new ios style ] is a launcher that tries to mimic ios 's springboard , and succeeds to a surprising extent .
note that my other answer is more of a workaround ( but also something recommended by many even without problems ) that is almost guranteed to fix the problem . this is a direct fix which will most likely work , but i can not say that with absolute certainty as i can not recreate the situation myself . after some googling , i have noticed that your icon ( as you point out already ) is off-center and missing its text label . rather than the icon itself being stuck , it looks like what you are seeing is a stuck graphical artifact . this has happened to a few other users on other forums , and rebooting the device seems to be a fix for them . whether this works for you or not , i am posting it as an answer for the sake of future internet travelers who stumble upon this question .
i do not own a galaxy s2 . however , i can tell you some steps that you can try . so let me know how it helps . it will be like trial and error . please tell me what happens when you try this , i will accordingly update the answer . so first things first , i think it is a problem related to getting ip address . so first , try changing ip address manually . here 's a youtube video that will guide you in doing this . ( not my video ) try it and see how it helps .
i think it is kind of a caching ip address error . if you have been connected before the phone does not try to obtain an ip address because the one it got before is still assigned by the network . what usually works for me is to connect to another network . i have plenty of open networks around where i live . this will make the phone to obtain a new ip address for the new network and delete the old one . now simply connect to your network again and the phone will try to obtain a new ip address and will actually communicate with the dhcp . worked for my galaxy s2 . hope it will help you too .
thanks a lot . this fixed it for me too . goto : Settings --&gt; Applications --&gt; All --&gt; Software Update . clear all the data and restart the device , this should work without trouble .
in case of smartphones i would be more worried about the physical security than malware . it is essential to have an application that allows you to locate the phone or at least remotely wipe all the data in case of robbery ( or when you simply forget it ) . i use wavesecure for that , but i am sure there are other alternatives ( feel free to add them in comments ) .
1 . do these applications runs all the time in the background also when i am not connected to wap or wifi ? that depends on the specific security application . 2 . in case you recommend to have such apps , which applications do you prefer ? i prefer being cautious in what i install , rather than having big brother watching over me . as a linux-based system , android have a very strong security base and the android framework on top of of it is very paranoid about security . android is -- for all practical purpose -- impermeable to worm-type virus . however , like any unix system , android does not protect you from you taking a gun and shooting your own foot . if you tell android to trust an application , android will trust the application ; if you give trust to the wrong application , do not blame the system for it . 3 . is it true that the more application i use i can mess up the whole android system like the registery in ordinary computers ) and it can lead to the whole device to malfunction or to be more slow ( like ordinary computer ) ? if you are installing many applications that starts background services , then yes , it can slow down the system . applications that are not running does not affect the speed of the system . 4 . according to question 3: what can i do to secure my system ? do i have some option to restore the whole android system if it will get massed up and bugy in the future . there is a bunch . there is a factory reset on Settings &gt; Privacy &gt; Factory data reset . if you buy the phone from your carrier , they usually can reflash your phone with original rom . on rooted phones , you can make a nandroid backup . on custom roms , you can make a clockworkmod recovery backup . on many phones you can download and flash 3rd party or leaked original roms by yourself .
i believe it closes the popup alert but leaves the message marked unread , whereas the close button ( the X ) will mark it as read and close the popup . edit : this seems to be supported by this comment from their website .
kernel panic when a kernel panic occurs all user space programs are immediately stopped , preventing a user from detecting the cause of the panic : logcat ; dmesg and /proc/kmsg will do you no good . you can still check the /data/dontpanic/ folder for any files present , like : apanic_console or apanic_threads kernel boot method of logging kernel messages : invoke " dmesg": see it as it happens : # adb shell dmesg  direct to a file on your sdcard and see it later # adb shell dmesg &gt;/mnt/sdcard/dmesg.txt  " tail " the kernel if " syslogd " and /var are available : # adb shell cat /proc/kmsg  dump the kernel file /proc/kmsg: # adb shell cat /proc/kmsg  note : you may need to issue su to gain permissions over some files if you are stuck with an error message . alternatively , removing shell from the command will execute it on the computer side , not on the phone . references stackoverflow answer from eldarerathis to " can i get logcat logs after phone reboots ? " bootloader how to get kernel messages from android ? flashmyandroid how to get logcat and dmesg outputs for trouble shooting ! stackoverflow android : how to get kernel logs after kernel panic ? stackoverflow shutdown log in android
i have my own galaxy s3 and i found that this solution worked great for me : go to your gs3’s dialer and dial *#0011# now you have to hit the left menu button when you see the “service mode” screen choose wifi turn off the “wifi power save mode” button if its on now exit this menu . turn off and turn on your wifi . re-enter the network info if you have already entered it before .
you can also assign your custom application to search+key : [ source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=26105269postcount=3 ] must be using either nova or apex launcher long press on home screen and select shortcuts select activities ( for whichever launcher you are using nova or apex ) scroll down and select settings scroll down and select quick launch ( the first one ) and it should create the shortcut icon on your desktop
calling at and t may get you an unlock code within 24 hours . you do not need to buy one , or follow this technical guide . but if all else fails , you can unlock via a downgrade to 4.1.1 . how to do this is below . the most reputable source i found is here : xda developers at and t samsung sgh-i317 , a big thank you to : odin guide and last steps are from after 4.1.1 estimated time : 2 hours . about sgh-i317 this is the code that identifies the at and t usa version of the samsung note ii . every carrier has a different firmware , so you would need to use the firmware for your carrier . about unlocking unlocking is not the same as rooting . unlocking let 's you use your phone with other sim cards . rooting let 's you have more control over the internal software system of the device . about samsung odin a 3rd party software used to change the firmware of samsung phones . about 4.1.2 jelly bean this is the android version of the phone . it is an older version , but onl version 4.1.1 has a free unlock menu . about kies a similar to itunes for ios , a proprietary phone syncing tool . about i317ucalj2 this is your baseband version for the 4.1.1 on at and t usa . a list of all the baseband versions of the modems are here : http://www.androidayos.com/samsung-galaxy-note-2-stock-firmware/ requirements samsung galaxy note 2 usa at and t locked 4.1.2 jelly bean windows computer downloads needed exact version : odin 3.07 ( newer versions will not work ) : http://forum.xda-developers.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=1168421d=1341114315 ( may also need the note 2 usb driver : https://mega.co.nz/#!yvjnlcal!w2tkttlogvwqtfd0aon1dg1pgpjceqavxonqlspeqog ) 4.1.1 original firmware , sometmies called j2 modem for your phone : at and t is here : http://d-h.st/wsw full list here : http://www.androidayos.com/samsung-galaxy-note-2-stock-firmware/ samsung kies : http://www.samsung.com/ca/support/usefulsoftware/kies/jsp 7-zip : http://sourceforge.net/projects/sevenzip/ steps to unlock disclaimer : if your phone is not an sgh-i317 ( see device settings ) or if you do not follow the steps or your not careful , you may brick your phone . i take no responsibility , follow at your own risk : charge phone to full battery . backup important phone data . install samsung kies install samsung usb driver . enable usb debugging from your phone’s settings . go to settings > applications > development , and tick the box that says ‘enable usb debugging’ . ensure that kies is closed and not running in the system tray ! kies will interrupt and doesn’t like odin , it will block you from flashing . turn off phone completly . then while off : hold the volume down key , home button and the power on/off button simultaneously until it says downloading . . do not turn off target ! ! ” plug in usb cable from phone to computer . use samsung odin 3.07 ( for sgh-i317 ) to downgrade the firmware to 4.1.1 i317ucalj2 in odin window – the id:com box will turn to blue color and indicates the com port number and a word “added” on a log box will prompt you that the device is already detected or recognized by odin . your com port number might be different from mine . if you do not see a com port number then there’s something missing or wrong wait for the word pass ! ! ** takes about 7 minutes ** troubleshooting : phone should reboot . if it gets stuck at samsung logo ad-infinitum ( give it at least 2 literal minutes , sometimes it needs to process for a bit ) , try to poweroff by holding power button . worst case , remove battery . while off : hold volume up , power , and home buttons and do : 1 Wipe data / factory 2 Wipe cache partition dial this into your phone *#1234# verify you have 4.1.1 now ( i317ucalj2 ) Settings &gt; About Device . if this did not work , see this guide for troubleshooting : http://www.androidayos.com/2013/04/07/unroot-and-restore-back-att-galaxy-note-2-sgh-i317-to-original-firmware-stock-rom/ finally , dial the following into your phone app . *#197328640# select [1] UMTS &gt; [1] Debug Screen &gt; [8] Phone Control &gt; [6] Network Lock &gt; Options [3]Perso SHA256 OFF &gt; after choosing this option , wait about 30 seconds . then go back one step by pressing the Menu button and then select Back . this will take you to [6] Network Lock options choose [4] NW Lock NV Data INITIALLIZ wait for a minute then reboot your phone . insert a sim card from a non-at and t carrier
i do not have google+ installed and i reverified my password via the web and i still could not get logged in to my phone . i ended up disabling two step verification and i was able to login to my phone after that . i just remembered when i first enabled two step verification i started getting sign on errors when i used voice search .
i had exactly the same thing happen for the ' play store ' on an android phone - it would just not accept the correct password ! the method that worked for us was to use a computer , access that google account and disable 2-step verification altogether . after logging into google , navigate to https://www.google.com/settings/ -> security -> 2-step verification -> edit -> change that to off .
instead , i opened up the security option of my gmail account in web . i created a new system-specific password and entered the same . it worked , and i did not even have to reboot .
i resolved this by signing out of google+ and then signing back in . this worked on a stock droid x with gingerbread .
same thing happened since yesterday . it started just after updating the new g+ apps . i thought it was due to my fiddling with 2-step authentication setup , but nope , that was not it . tried reset/reinstall everything . also tried changing new password . same thing happened again after installing with the new g+ . i just turned off background sync for g+ ( and leave other google apps as-is ) , and it seems did the trick to stop the error popping up . this is not exactly an answer , but simply a temporary workaround until google comes up with update to fix .
here is the solution : login into gmail , locate account under the sign-out name . this takes you to my account where you click on security . here you find a section for application-specific passwords at the end of the webpage . the issue is explained that : some applications that work outside a browser are not yet compatible with 2-step verification and cannot ask for verification codes , for example : Email programs including Outlook, Apple Mail, or Thunderbird Older Android smartphones  the root-cause of this problem is that you probably turned on the 2-steps verification without noticing this . so all you have to do is to generate your application specific password and that is it !
i had the same problem . my solution was to uninstall and reinstall google+ and everything worked fine after that .
this just happened to me as well . i had to change my account password via the website , and then my device accepted the new password . it only happened with the account i use for google+ , so i think your guess is correct .
the problem is due to 2 factor authentication . go to your google account on a pc and generate a new application specific password ( asp ) ( hold off on clicking the button ) . enter that into your phone when it asks for a password for google sign-in . if it does not work the first time , reboot everything and do it again ( remember to hold off on the button until you have entered the 16 character asp into your phone ) .
i had a similar problem trying to sign in play store was not authenticating my credentials even though they are correct . i turned off the 2-step verification using the web and worked later on .
that is normal . the htc stock recovery behaves like that . it is different from a custom recovery , you can not do anything with it . the stock recovery does only install the otas you receive officially . no need to worry about it .
assuming that dropbox is not blocked , then maybe a note-taking or todo type app that syncs with dropbox could help ? for instance epistle or todo . txt touch alternately do you have wifi at work that your phone can connect to ? you could use the wifi keyboard app that lets you type or paste from the pc straight into whatever text box is currently active on the phone . there are also apps that do the same over bluetooth if that is a better option ( though i have not personally used them ) . see this previous answer for some similar connectivity options .
you might want to look at clipbird . it can sync clipboards between your pc and your phone . you do not really need to do anything special , it will just sync them up .
you need evernote ! http://www.evernote.com/ they have a web interface and an android app . it is really pretty fantastic !
how do i find out the amount of memory allocated to each application in any smartphone ? call getMemoryClass() on ActivityManager , which returns the heap limit in mb .
do you have any control over the ( presumably wireless ) lan that you are connecting your phone to ? it seems to me that the main part of your problem is just that your phone picks up different ip addresses each time it connects to your lan . if it always had the same ip , then you could either make a note of this , save it in your ssh client , or assign a name to that ip on your other machine ( s ) using a hosts file or similar . are you in control of your network , or do you know the person that is ? you ( or they ) should be able to assign a static ip address , or a reserved ip address , to your device so that every time you connect your phone to the lan it always picks up the same ip address . if it is a small , personal network then this would just be a setting on your device 's record on your router , if this is a larger network then it would be setup on the dhcp server and a matching a name record could also be setup on their internal dns to give you a permanent name .
currently there is no avahi daemon on android and open ticket #354 at avahi tracker , where there are attached patches , needs to be addressed to make a build for android possible . you can try to build it manually , if really needed .
to add to the answer above : titanium backup from play store you can install this , and it will have root > ok "-> tap for more information &lt ; - . " once you click on this it will display whether your root is correct and your current busybox version . alternatively , using terminal commands like in the accepted answer , you may need to enter the superuser command first with " su " in the terminal emulator of your choice . the prompt will change to a # sign to show you are now in superuser . the alternative sudo , will give superuser on a command by command basis , e.g. sudo busybox . as with the op , sometimes reflashing the rom is the easiest or you can use the busy box installer from play store . ( i have not tried this personally )
" how do i know if i have busybox ? " open terminal emulator and type " busybox " . if it gives you a giant list of command options , it is installed . if it says " command not found " , it is not . edit rather than putting this in the comments : you could also try su to become root followed by busybox , busybox --version , busybox --help or anything that will give you some feedback and some clues as to what is going on .
a faster clock frequency will let your phone go faster , but it comes with some costs . the power use of the cpu is ( roughly ) proportional to the square of the clock frequency , so increasing from 600 mhz to 1600 mhz will use 2.5 times as much power . on top of that , that power gets turned into heat , so it'll be producing heat 2.5 times as quickly as well . your phone will automatically slow the processor down if it gets too hot , so it may be that turning up the max clock speed actually makes the cpu slower overall - because it has to keep " throttling back " to avoid overheating . changing the cpu frequency does not make anything else faster but the cpu . that is , if you are trying to play a graphics-intensive game , it might not get faster because it is limited by the gpu speed ; or if you are doing things on the web , your internet connection will not get any faster . in this particular case , you are asking about changing the frequency within the design limits . this ought to be safe , but some mods and custom roms let you genuinely over-clock the processor faster than it was designed to go , or to change how and when the power management reduces the clock frequency . using techniques like this can cause serious overheating , enough to permanently damage the phone 's hardware . be very cautious if you should decide to experiment .
setting frequency to high end may cause problems like . 1 . heating up phone . 2 . burn battery . 3 . even you may damage your phone completely . over-clocking frequency will speed up your phone 's performance .
i have found no hard evidence for or against it , it is basically down to the bluetooth stack implementation . the bt stack needs to weigh power consumption vs availability requirements for the operation it assumes the user wants to perform , so it attempts to turn off both transmit and receive circuits whenever possible . the ideal case is when two devices are connected , and neither expects any other devices to show up ; being " connected " means that the devices have synchronized clocks and agreed on duty cycles . for an idle headset , it is totally acceptable if it listens for a short period once every second , as the user is unlikely to answer the phone any faster ; if there is work to be done , the phone will send a packet instructing the headset to keep its receiver on . going to connected state from power-on is more difficult , as you have two devices trying to minimize the duty cycles on their transceivers while they still need to find each other ( and cannot assume synchronized clocks yet ) . how devices behave now largely depends on how much power they have available and what their purpose is . a headset will assume that it is being turned on in reach of a phone that it is paired with , so it will listen continuously if one of the devices in its pairing list speaks up ; if so , it will reply with a connection setup packet ; after a few seconds , it generally gives up and goes to a low-power mode , assuming that it was turned on inadvertently ( e . g . in a handbag ) . a car hands-free set has lots of power available , so it can listen and actively probe for paired devices continually . being " discoverable " only means that certain broadcast packets are replied to if they are received ; otherwise , only unicast packets directed at the device are considered . this setting is technically independent from the power policy , but these are often set together by a middle layer responding to an ui request .
device in discoverable mode does drain more power . the following thread will help you : turning bluetooth " discoverable " on .
an option for you might be the silent mode widget . it puts a widget on your homescreen to silence / restore your volume settings with a single tap . ( i have not tried this app . there also appear to be several other similar apps that you might try instead . )
there are several ways to get your volume levels back . personally i like to use the ifttt app to set my ringer volume to maximum when i connect to my home wifi . ( recipe ) if you want to fix your volume at a specific time , say , you can create a new recipe using the date and time channel .
youmail and pf voicemail+ are the two apps that come close to your requirement . please try . youmail has lot of options and features . there is one more " hullomail smart voicemail " . after going through many posts , youmail has been voted highly by users . pf voicemail + offers you transcripts of those voicemail but you have to check if there are any charges . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.youmail.android.vvm https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hullomail.messaging.android please note that some of these apps will require you to do the forwarding to their servers . it also depends on where you are located and mobile you are using . can you mention what type of mobile you are using ? it will help in knowing whether there are any limitations involved .
try if any of these apps work for you . it would depend on your phone , as android has limited support for total offline answering machine capabilities due to technical barriers . see this thread on xda . if your phone is not compatible , you might have the following issues : not be able to record calls record the conversation at only one end very low sound quality or volume google voice does not depend on your voicemail . the calls are recorded on google voice 's servers .
go to settings and turn on bluetooth . click menu button and you will see the option Show received files . alternatively every files sent via bluetooth will be stored in a folder named bluetooth in storage ( if the files are not moved ) .
there is a user interface that is providing the log/history of bluetooth sharing . to view the log you need to activate bluetooth and send any file . after sending a notification appears and by clicking it you can view the logs .
yes . f-secure freedome ( a vpn client ) is running on my note 2 . i have note 2 tethered to an ubuntu machine and an android tablet . my tablet and laptop post a germany ip address , while i am on the other side of the ocean . make sure that your data plan allows tethering . make sure that you are on the cell network . however , usb tether to wifi vpn on the phone works a bit better . i keep my connection dropped when going all over over the air . depending on your flavor of android your mileage may vary note 2 and the tablet are running 4.4 ( cm 11 nightlies ) , ubuntu is on 14.04 .
unfortunately the stock android tethering application does not work with vpns . this limitation is an oversight in the software and not a system limitation . however there is an application called clockworkmod tether that will allow you to tether and use a vpn at the same time . in fact it makes use of the standard tethering application and then fixes up the routing information to make it work . this application does not require you to root your phone but you do need to run software on the computer that you wish to connect to your phone . also this only works for usb tethering at the moment . there are other alternatives to clockworkmod tether , if you wish to try them , including pdanet . hope it could help
the same happens for me . when i use the ' fastboot boot * . img ' command from my pc , the nexus s boots into some ( e . g . netarchy ) kernel , and everything except wifi works . i assume the problems lies with some kernel-modules ( which can actually be on the device memory , outside of the kernel ) which do not match the new kernel . since some of the modules ( e . g . for the gsm/gprs radio ) are closed source , they are not updated to match newer kernels . so you could try older kernel versions , or wait for updates from samsung
i fixed this by restoring only the android " boot " module from the original rom backup : i used the clockworkmod recovery which can also be installed from the rooted phone using the " rom manager " app . but instead of making a whole recovery , i simply went into advanced recovery options , selected the above mentioned backup folder , and selected to restore only the " boot " module : start clickworkmod recovery , select " backup and recovery " select " advanced recovery " select the image of the original backup ( see below ) select restore boot this post describes how to restore your nexus s to original stock android and provides a backup of the original rom : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=884093
the crack in the glass itself can not cause the kind of problem you are describing , but it is possible that it is not just the glass that is cracked , but the touchscreen sensor . this looks like a thin , transparent plastic film under the glass . if this is damaged , it could be causing a power short or sending bad signals to the rest of the phone hardware , causing it to fail during startup . in short , from what you have described there is no way to know for sure whether replacing the touchscreen will fix the problem . an experienced phone technician might be able to examine the electrical signals and determine if the touchscreen is still working , but that is probably harder and more expensive than simply replacing it to see if it fixes it . that said , taking the phone apart to replace the screen might make it obvious by letting you see any physical damage to other internal components .
i figured out you can not have your screen lock security as a pattern . it can only be swiped to change the clock .
you can customize these clock and date styles only if the screen lock is Swipe . even you can choose between Analog and Digital clocks and much more . if screen lock option is Pattern/Password , this clock/date styles can not be changed .
i have not faced such a issue with my gnex yet ( running stock android 4.2.2 ) the orientation of the settings also depend on the orientation is set . suppose he wants to take a photo in portrait , ask him to take the phone in portrait mode and then make the setting as portrait mode .
first of all you need to install a sony pc companions in your pc and then connect the device through it . after this u can share , transfer the pic and docs . you can download it from sony xperia site which is easily available . rao saahil umar
most probably driver issue , following resources may help you http://talk.sonymobile.com/thread/42763?start=0tstart=0 http://www.priceandspecification.in/sony-xperia-u-pc-suite-pc-companion-software-download.html http://developer.sonymobile.com/downloads/drivers/
go to link provided below . it discribes how to update galaxy nexus via ota ( over the air ) . instructions
i do not really know what caused this problem . i had to unlock the bootloader and sideload with adb . this involved completely wiping my tablet . here are instructions . now my tablet updates just fine .
q- what is an assert script ? a- all it does is check to make sure you are flashing the rom on the correct device . how to fix android custom rom status 7 installation abort assert failed error in recovery easily [ ultimate guide ] : http://mobotechie.com/tips-tricks/how-to-fix-android-custom-rom-status-7-installation-abort-assert-failed-error-in-recovery-easily-ultimate-guide assert failed [ solved ] : http://forums.androidcentral.com/optimus-v-rooting-roms-hacks/182438-solved-assert-failed.html thanks for those cool guys , and good luck .
while there is some merit in the reply from audiophile ; apps on an sdcard should not be lost . i had a similar problem after rooting a samsung exhibit 4g ( t-sgh759 ) ; and while i found this thread i continued digging . the solution required removing the battery , then restarting ; and voila ! everything was visible from the phone on the card again . ( i used the suggestion from scotty85 in this thread --> http://androidforums.com/rezound-all-things-root/517575-cant-see-sd-card-after-root-noob.html ) if that does not work , before you do anything that might write to the card . . . as it is an sd card , you can pop it out and see if it mounts on the computer . do a search for * . apk ( those should be the application files ) . are any files visible ? it is doubtful that installing a rom would format the sd card . . . however , if you can not see any files , many companies like sandisk have free recovery software with the their higher end cards . googling you could find a download link , and try recovering the files from the sd . in my case , the files were visible when the card was mounted on the computer and not visible on the phone after rooting . titanium backup , es filemanager , and root toolbox lite all work for copying files . some care should be had before rooting , and installing roms that you have a complete backup ; as some have found a false sense of security , revealed only when they try to restore and can not ( see jason lewis ' cautionary tale --> http://myblog-online.co.uk/2011/12/a-cautionary-tale-the-dangers-of-root-and-titanium-backup/ ) it is possible to make a complete backup without rooting ; using adb from the android sdk ( see --> http://www.howtogeek.com/125375/how-to-create-a-full-android-phone-or-tablet-backup-without-rooting-or-unlocking-your-device/ ) good luck to anyone else who experiences this . d
sorry pal , i think your apps are down the drain . apps2sd does not necessarily move the apps to the sd card so that if you plugin the sd card on any phone it would work automatically , your phone still has the data of what apps are installed . if i am correct at the assumption that you are now using a new rom , your phone basically got reset . the best analogy i can think of is when you format a pc . when you install the os , all the files in the drive are still there , but the system apps and files are all brand new . what can you do in the future ? i have heard good things about titanium backup , but personally i prefer appmonster . it basically saves the apk file of an application installed so you can uninstall/install on your whim . please do note that i have never used titanium backup , but from what i hear you can restore lots of things from that app : applications , sms , contacts . not sure if it also saves the state of the apps and restores them to your phone though . so i guess you need to download all your files again . update : i went to the play store and looked at the apps2sd app and yeah , it works as i have outlined above . i looked at titanium backup too and it claims it can backup your apps and data . here 's where it hurts though : you need root access to use it . basically , the ideal way would have been to root your phone first , use titanium backup , then install the new rom .
usually a bug is exploited to temporarily get a chosen process running as root , that is used to remount the file system read write , either startup scripts are changed and/or suid binaries added , then the file systems are synced and remounted read only again and likely the device is rebooted . you do not normally want to have the system partition writable on an android device , even when rooted - you only make it writable on the rare occasions when you are changing it . edit-summary of comments : it appears that /system on this device is cramfs , an inherently read-only compressed file system . likely a modified image would need to be generated on a pc and then flashed . search result for dealing with this problem on rockchip based devices : http://www.androidtablets.net/forum/rockchip-based/439-how-unpack-repack-custom-firmwares-rockchip-rk28xx.html
if the video is recorded , then it will be saved to your phone . but for your case , what i guess is that the video is not recorded .
check out a [ linux ] tool called foremost - that ought to do it .
if the account is the one you used to set up the phone , then you probably will have to do a factory reset to remove it . there is a similar question related to this here , and there is a question regarding how to backup your phone here . if it is not the one you used when setting up the phone , then you can try going into Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync and tapping on the account . there will be a Remove Account button on the bottom of the screen that you can use to try to delete the account from your device . that being said , you might not really need to do a factory reset if you are just trying to avoid the data charges that you are incurring from your gmail account . instead , try going into Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync and unchecking the options Enable Background Data and Auto-sync . if you want to be absolutely sure that you are not using up data when you do not want to , then you could also go into Settings-&gt;Wireless and Networks-&gt;Mobile Networks ( or somewhere similar if your settings are not exactly the same ) and uncheck the option for mobile data . you would then simply need to turn it back on anytime you want to access the internet .
in addition to what eldarerathis said , you can go into Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and just turn off syncing for your gmail account . i would suspect , however , that other apps are using data since gmail should not be using anything after you closed the account . in that case you should turn off sync as eldarerathis said or perhaps uninstall the troublesome apps . an app like my data manager can help you figure out who the culprits are .
as far as backing up your phone 's data , titanium backup is definitely the best solution i have found for carrying data between phone resets . requires root , like most backup apps .
these steps were using an htc evo with htc sense - your menu options may be different but should be similar . there should be a " format sd card " in the phone " settings " . open " settings " , then go to " sd and phone storage " , then you should see " format sd card " . if the option is grayed out then you may need to unmount your sd card first and then format the card . make sure you have backed up anything you want to save with a backup app or just by copying whatever files off your card onto a computer because this will erase everything on the card . hope this helps
go to settings -> storage -> erase sd card .
you might want to take a look at sd maid . this app requires root for full functionality . this " cleaning made " takes care for multiple remains : a " corpse finder " checks for what an uninstalled app might have left , the " system cleaner " scans the devices known directories with unnecessary files . you can check for the biggest files on your device to free up space , and even optimize and shrink bloated databases to speed up access and free space . the app includes a file manager , and also allows you to search for files . sd maid corpse finder and system cleaner ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) edit : for more details and discussion , you might want to visit the app 's thread at xda : )
the play store app has two main features regarding nfc , both of which require the nfc permission . it registers intent filters such that when you scan an nfc tag with a market:// link or a link to play.google.com , you get the play store app instead of a browser , the same way you would when you click such a link . this does not require calling the getNfcAdapter function , but it does use the same permission . it uses android beam . if you look at an app 's page in the play store app , then bring another android device to nfc range , you can send that app link to the other device .
[ . . . ] if it finds an aar , it starts the application based on the package name inside the aar . if the application is not present on the device , google play is launched to download the application . from : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/connectivity/nfc/nfc.html#aar so for example , stores and companys can use a nfc tag to make it easy to install their apps when you put your mobile on it and so on . . -the second and more likely possibility is that the google play store checks if you can download compatible nfc apps . the same way as it checks your android version . here is a dev sight on it:stackexchange-url
unfortunately there is no way to delete this info . i have accounts that were added and deleted from my device more than 2 years ago but the controll panel still lists my device .
i did not have my android with me right now to test , but with the android terminal emulator if you go to the menu , you might be able to use the " command line " or " initial command " option .
when adb shell is executed , the android side also launches adb which then executes /system/bin/sh - . this path is hard-coded in system/core/adb/services.c: if you want to change this to bash , you will have to recompile it . it is possible to execute some commands from file when running the interactive shell . as written in system/core/sh/main.c , sh - ( note the - for interactive mode ) reads from the following files ( in this order ) : /etc/profile .profile ( relative to current directory , this is /.profile for adb shell $ENV ( environment variable ENV should point to a file ) as /etc/ and / are read-only , the only way to get something loaded was by setting ENV . you can probably create a symlink from /etc/profile to /data/profile by mounting / read-write ( exercise for the reader ) .
Settings -&gt; Sync -&gt; Google : untick gmail . Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Gmail : clear data , uninstall updates , disable .
solved ! found the solution in lenovo 's forum , a1 and a1107 unbrick fix/full factory restore : there have been several instances of people having problems with a1 and a1107 devices . this guide explains how to fix any software issue , including those that " brick " the device , or stop it booting up at all , by restoring the tablet to a completely stock factory state . it can also be used to safely upgrade a gingerbread a1 to ice cream sandwich , by using the a1107 image that corresponds to the storage space that your device has .
after some months of additional observation , i am pretty certain that the accounts disappear when the free internal space gets low , usually when i am down to 12 mb or so . presumably , android tries to free up some internal space occupied by app data , and the accounts seem to be the first to go . due to the low internal storage , i have moved all apps to the external storage , so this might as well be a factor , as izzy mentions in the comments .
this service will running in background to show any updates is available for your phone .
looks to be bad recognition by google 's code . :-/ happens on mine as well and no setting can change it . google is surprisingly receptive to feedback on its apps ( a bug fix i reported made it into google music 's update ! ) , so two ways to get this fixed : go to keep 's page and click " email developer " and write this up . or , within keep , menu -> send feedback .
can you get to it from the all apps button in the lower left corner ? i have had to remove an app from the home screen and re-add it , although for me it is only been after upgrading it . but if you can get to it from the all apps drawer , then you should be good .
i have found the same problem , and just figured it out . i luckily have the digital clock on my wallpaper . i tap it and my clock and alarm come up . i can then adjust whatever changes i need .
there is an over-the-air downloaded today to get alarms back . yea ! go to settings &gt; Download updates &gt; Check new
i asked verizon and they said it is because of an update . there are lots of complaints about the same issue and until another update is released there is nothing you can do , not even a factory restore .
if your phone is rooted , you can partition your sd card and move google play services app on to your sd card . that could free up a lot of space . you can use this method to safely transfer all your apps ( except the system apps ) to your sd card . the procedure for partitioning and transferring can be found here . http://www.aroundandroid.com/tag/how-to-increase-android-phones-internal-memory-with-link2sd-app/
what akas refers to is using the link2sd app , which is " kind of " app2sd , but much more flexible : you can get the entire app moved out ( not just parts ) , and can even move apps you otherwise could not . but akas missed one important part : your device must be rooted in order to use this special way . as to the other part of your question : sure you could uninstall the updates of google play services -- but that would not help you in any way , as the app will automatically update itself again . furthermore , there might be dependencies , as other apps use this service ( e . g . google play to access the playstore , and others ) . so newer versions of those apps might rely on newer versions of the play services . maybe someone digged ( or will dig ) a little deeper into all those dependencies and what can be done about them . it might end up in using some " legacy apps " -- like e.g. the legacy playstore ( original post ) , while the original ones could be frozen/removed . maybe all this is possible -- it again would require you to root your device , as these apps need to be installed as system apps . while we all wish our devices might have a long life : if you look at the specs of your two-years-old , and compare it even with todays low-end devices , you will see the difference . and if you compare app sizes from two years ago ( "what ? 1 mb app size ? too big ! " ) with todays ( "unfortunately , the play store has a limit of 50 mb app size , were we cannot fit our app into" ; with my own words the summary of libreoffice for android ) , you see were it goes . and while i fully agree that core services/apps should be kept slim , there is nothing we can do about that . . . enough theory : if your device is rooted , or rooting it is acceptable ( and doable ) for you : akas recommendation seems the best way out for you .
there might be a possibility that you just disabled google play settings . to check just go into settings> apps> all and search for play settings . if it exists click on it and enable it : ) !
follow the instructions on this website to reinstall google play on your phone . http://www.androidauthority.com/install-google-play-store-312812/
i think we can achieve this thing using sockets . we need to send a command from device to pc using socket . but on pc side we must have another socket which can manipulate the incomming command from device . then we can execute exe batch or jar file on the basis of incomming string . like that suppose we send a command from device to pc " java -jar " c:\deviceexecute . jar " on pc side we get this command through socket as a string ( executejar ) and then run this if ( executejar ! =null || executejar ! ="" ) { runtime runtime = runtime . getruntime ( ) ; process proc = runtime . exec ( executejar ) ; }
one option would be to install and set up ssh on the target pc . http://sshwindows.sourceforge.net/ you can then use any of the many ssh android clients to connect to the target pc and you will have command line access .
the verizon gnex has nfc , it just does not have google wallet pre-installed . it is pretty trivial to sideload it , though , and it is worked just fine the 2 times i used it . another thing to note here is that the nfc antenna is actually on the battery , not in the device itself . this means that if you get an extended battery you need to make sure it has an nfc antenna in it as well , otherwise it will not work . the t-mobile usa and sprint versions have not actually been released yet , so i guess there is no guarantee on those at this point . sprint supported nfc and google wallet for the nexus s 4g , though , so i can not imagine they had stiff the gnex . for t-mobile you could just get the existing gsm version and it should work fine since it is pentaband hspa+ ( it should work on at and t for the same reason , though you would not get their lte service ) .
unlike the nexus s , the galaxy nexus has the odin download mode . it does have a fastboot mode as well though . so this is normal and you have nothing to worry about . my guess is that samsung just prefers working with odin and did not like having to work without it for the nexus s . or perhaps they had it in the latter but disabled it , and did not bother doing so for the gnex .
4.0.4 is currently the latest version , and updating your device does not make it any faster . try formatting your device as s duos is prone to lag after some use .
with the newly designed google maps app , they have improved the appearance regarding contrast between roads and buildings even in day time . i could not find any day/night mode in settings , though . here is a screenshot for the same map taken in google maps version 7.5.0 ( #705001723 ) .
there is currently no way to achieve this in google maps . you can send feedback within the app , so you could suggest that they add such a feature . there are alternative map apps you might like to try instead . those based on the free openstreetmap database usually allow you to change which tile server to use , which gets you a completely different visualization of the map data : some tile servers are optimized for particular uses , such as cycling or marine navigation .
the google usb drivers that come with the android sdk will work for that device . your best bet is to install a version of cyanogenmod 5 or 6 . x . but keep in mind , that device is a dinosaur . it does not run android 2 . x well at all , especially compared to the specs of current devices . i had cyanogemmod 6 on my adp1 ( htc dream/g1 ) and , while it worked , it was extremely slow . also , the cyanogenmod team no longer even officially supports that device . the " old " cyanogenmod thread on xda is here . i am not sure if it still has download links or not .
wifi hardware was faulty . ( this is a common issue ) the wifi chip set no more working . so the whole motherboard should be changed . costs nearly 5000inr ( 80$ ) .
do you need to do if from your phone ? because if not , you can just use the gmail desktop interface to do this , i do this quite often and it is fairly easy : go to your contacts ( click Gmail in the upper left corner ) select the contacts you want to export put them in a new group you can call Tmp or something random then click on that group and find the Export menu item in one of the menus ( i think More actions ) export to google csv if the receiver will import them through gmail as well , otherwise you can consider vcard format . the file will download automatically . compose a new mail and put the newly created file as attachment . ( if you used google csv , the contacts can be imported using the same contacts interface just by clicking Import in one of the menus )
open your sms app compose a new message add text and then choose to add contact add your contacts here is a message area copy the text message
i have made an app called vmg converter , you can get it from google play depending on your old phone , it might be able to import your messages from vmg files into android . the app is free .
i recently ran into the same issue . after connecting to exchange 2010 i was not able to reset back to a swipe unlock . . . even after removing the exchange account and clearing the credentials . turns out that the policy of this exchange connection required that you have high unlock security of a 6 character password including at least 1 digit and it encrypts your sd card ( among other security features ) . i was not able to change back to the swipe unlock because the sd card was encrypted . at the time i had a 4 digit pin ( medium/high ) as the security to unlock my phone , however the security was set to password ( high ) . therefore i was able to get into my phone with the pin , but not able to get to the options to decrypt the sd card . to resolve the issue and decrypt the sd card i had to go through the password security setup and create a password . after i created the password i was then able to get to the properties of " encrypt external sd card " and uncheck the option to encrypt the sd card . once the encryption was removed from the sd card i was able to change the unlock back to swipe .
have you got vpn set up ? - it requires it . i had vpn set up then decided i did not it so after i removed the vpn ( settings > other > vpn > long press > delete ) the ' none ' option for removing pin/password got enabled again
as a last ditch effort , you could try this : use titanium backup to backup all your apps + data . reset the phone to factory defaults . restore all apps and data except for activesync . this will definitely fix your issues . question is , " is it worth the effort ? "
on a galaxy s4 i had the exact same issue . corporate exchange policies grayed out all locks screen choices except password and pin . " clear credentials " was grayed out . after removing the exchange account all options were still grayed out . i had to go through the password security setup wizard to create a device password . i then had to go into " encrypt external sd card " , even though i had no external sd card inserted , and turn that off . i could then , finally , change my screen lock types ( i chose pattern lock ) . took an hour of sleuthing , but this thread finally gave me the clues needed . thanks all .
had issue that " none " , " slide " and " face unlock " were all greyed out . went to security-> clear credentials and all options became available .
this is already answered , but here is an alternative that does not require you to remove whatever credential/configuration caused this in the the first place . after all , you needed the credential/configuration once and you will probably need it again . this is probably caused by some configuration that installed a certificate on your device ( such as a vpn profile , an exchange account , or secure wifi network ) . it could also could be caused by an app that has administrator privileges . here 's the loophole : only the graphic interface for selecting these options is disabled . i was able to get around this using third-party apps . i used tasker in combination with the free version of secure settings . in tasker . . . new task -> add action -> plugin -> secure settings -> edit . . . then choose your options . to make it take effect immediately , just press ' run ' when you get back to the task edit screen ( looks like a ' play ' button ) . please note : this requires your phone to be rooted . encrypting your phone or sd card disables less secure lock options . i am unsure what effect the method described herein will have in those cases . this method retains the configuration needed access the culprit account/service , but circumvents its security requirements . to use someone else words : there is a specific reason why an administrator configures such a policy , and i would recommend it to everyone . if your phone gets stolen nobody will be able to read your company 's email , which is a secret . lots of industrial accidents occurred because employees lost their mobile devices ( laptops included ) with sensitive data not protected enough . i suggest associating the tasker task with a tasker profile that is only activated in certain situations ( for instance , when you are at home ) .
okay , stab in the dark , but try this : from the home screen , press menu -&gt;Settings-&gt;Location &amp; Security-&gt;Select Device Administrators and look for something related to the exchange account , most likely Corporate Sync . you should be able to change settings/disable it from there . i have never used an exchange account , so i can not test this :/ but it looks from reading around ( here ) that this may be your problem , otherwise it may be forced exchange settings as described on this technet forum . let us know if this works , or points you in a new direction !
you can read from the whatsapp faq : what does " last seen at . . . " and " online " mean exactly ? " online " means that contact has whatsapp open and is connected to the internet . however , it does not necessarily mean they have read your chat . that clearly stats that a contact with " online " status just needs to have the app opened within an active internet connection .
i had the same freezes and all vanished with this kasty firmware . i am so happy like i bought another tablet . go for it !
from the specs about your tablet on http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/pipo_m9_pro they look good . you should check how many apps that you have running at one time , too many apps running can slow down your device . you should check how many apps you have installed , and check that your storage is not completely full . i also believe that you do have a slow internal storage on that device . as far as linking everything to sd , there is a program called link2sd in google play . in order to use this , you will have to be rooted , as well as have a kernel that supports mounting an external partition . if you want to copy something to the card manually from a pc , you would need to find the microsd card slot , take out the micro sd and then plug it into a microsd to sd adapter , or a microsd to usb adapter . then you will be able to transfer files .
the answer to your specific question is , unlikely . you can install an app that has an interface that you can communicate with . communicating with that interface can allow you to know . but other than that , it is unlikely . and you had have to have confirmation on the android to accept the manifest of the app 's requirement list . you may not be fully lost , however , google does have a feature by default that you might be able to track your phone even if you did not install an app . these are some requirement which most people normally have : try google 's android device manager .
go to google play on a computer and try to install an app . after pushing the install/installed button a popup will appear listing the permissions it requires and below that a drop down listing the devices you can install it on . click on the drop down . if it is currently installed it will say " your device already has this item installed " next to the device name . otherwise it will say the last time the device was used . i just tested this by installing an app and canceling it in the middle of the install , then re-installing it , then uninstalling it .
i will not answer the question itself , but the general question on how to find the stolen phone , and for sure the way you trying is not going to get you anywhere . in order to have a chance to find the stolen phone you should have already install any anti theft app like google 's android manager or cerberus or any similar app . of course these apps will work only if the thief has not already uninstalled them or reset the phone and installed a new rom .
from a user perspective : no , that is not possible . from a developer perspective : maybe . android does not directly provide an api that lets you choose a particular communication scheme/speed ( the idea behind peer-to-peer mode is that the two devices automatically choose the best scheme that is suitable for both of them ) . consequently , there is no way to do this without somehow modifying the operating system . you could , for instance , create your customized os and adapt the android nfc stack to only use certain modes ( for nxp 's nfc stack , see the nfcip-1 speeds enum in phnfctypes . h:955 and the methods setP2pModes() ( in nfcservice . java:1083 ) setP2pInitiatorModes() ( in nativenfcmanager . java:352 ) and setP2pTargetModes() ( in nativenfcmanager . java:358 ) . on a rooted device , there could be an even easier approach ( i.e. . one that does not require building the complete os ) : while there is no public api for setting p2p modes , there is a hidden method setP2pModes() in NfcAdapter ( in nfcadapter . java:1373 ) . however , in order to call that method , your app needs to have the WRITE_SECURE_SETTINGS permission ( which is only granted to system apps ) .
since this app is a google native app which handles its own updates by itself , maybe the update went wrong . at the moment you could clear its cache , data ( you will have to reenter the credentials later again and configure the playstore including notifications and update handling ) , or uninstall the updates , so it will go to the initial version ( can be done by going in settings -> applications -> all -> google play store ) . it should update later automatically . in case you have a rooted phone , make sure you have not done any changes in the system lately , or other apps are not interfering ( any " freezers " , " killers " , or similar ones ) . also , check if you have not forbidden mobile network access ( settings -> data usage , there you can click each app and check/uncheck " restrict background data" ) , but even if this was checked , it should work on wifi .
try this - go to settings > wireless and networking > wi-fi settings . in this screen , press the menu button and then advanced . click wifi sleep policy and set it to never . hopefully , that will retain a connection to the wi-fi access point .
what is your android version ? if it is below 3 . x , then you could use the browser to download one of these apps : univeral androot ( desinged for android 2.2 ) z4root ( desinged for android 2.2 ) gingerbreak ( designed for android 2.3 . x ) if it is above 3 . x , then you cannot use this method , as google patched the method used in these cracks .
you can use wireless adb ( note : root required ) to connect over wifi and then you can plug in your device to the power socket .
cm 's profiles may work for you . i use it for circumventing the mandatory lockscreen if a certificate is installed ( cacert 's regular ssl root ca here ) . to set it up tap disabled in : settings-> profiles-> default-> lockscreen for others : this only works with the alternative cyanogenmod aftermarket firmware .
on an android device , the internal storage is split into multiple partitions . the data from the custom rom is stored on one partition , and the apps and user data on another . ( generally there are a few other partitions as well . ) because of this , installing a smaller custom rom does not directly give you more free space for data , because they are on a different partition . but if you can make a smaller custom rom , it allows you to repartition the storage to allocate more space to user data . repartitioning the storage is quite risky , as you have to know exactly how large the custom rom is going to be . if the system partition is too small for the rom , it will go wrong when or after you install it . i believe it is more common to simply add some useful apps to the custom rom , to make it up to a similar size as the stock rom . this way , you can avoid installing some large apps in the userdata partition , giving you more space without repartitioning . since updates to pre-installed apps get installed in the userdata partition , not the system partition , even including up-to-date versions of those apps in the custom rom saves space .
you can use tpacketcapture to route your traffic through a local vpn . the app will then write a log which you can open with wireshark on your desktop and analyze data flow . it will not allow you to see which app sent which packet , but this is as good as it gets without root . although there is a pro version available which allows you to filter out applications .
i do not believe there is a way to do this with stock keyboard . try a 3rd-party keyboard app that supports language packs and transliteration for hardware keyboards . i have personally used anysoftkeyboard with a plugin for my native language , which worked great on my old g1 's slide-out keyboard . try to see if a layout pack for your language is available .
i have not seem any such options or settings for any device so far . you can try these apps lightflow lite adjbrightness but i doubt these would work properly . ( i can not check as my device does not have led notification light . ) i believe this kind of things are only doable via custom roms . you would have to check your device development forums . start here - huwaei u8860 - xda-developers . i do not think you can get an universal solution . if there has been a way to do it via android apis it would already be in settings i believe .
i just found an app which works nicely without root for the sony z1 compact : disable charging led maybe this is worth a try for you , too .
i am not sure that an app could get the low-level access needed to turn of the led while charging . your best bet is a custom rom that has this low-level access and provides an api for an app or user setting . i would look at cyanogen mod .
applications do not run in the background , they are suspended and do not slow down the phone . services that run constantly might slow down the phone , and i believe facebook and dropbox both run services . ( see this answer for a bit more info on how android manages resources . ) your best option is to uninstall the apps you believe are causing issues . another thing you can do is install a custom kernel that will allow you to overclock the device ( at the expense of battery life and assuming cm 's kernel is not overclockable ) , but that may not help very much . most phones with specs in that range do not run things all too well , which is how the manufacturer get people to spend more money i guess :p see also : what are some general tips on improving overall performance of an android phone ?
just a guess here , but the samsung s-view flip cover knows when the cover is attached and runs only the part of the screen that is veiwable in the small window . maybe it is the same for the nexus .
as you have found out , a hall sensor detects a magnetic field . it could be that in this case it is referring to a sensor for a magnetic cover , like those in the nexus 7 and nexus 10 . such sensors detect the proximity of a magnet embedded in the cover or case for the device , in order to automatically turn the screen off when the cover is closed . that would be unusual , as that kind of magnetic switch is usually a simple reed switch , which would not normally be described as a hall effect sensor . a hall sensor would give more data about the strength of the magnetic field , which could be used by software to detect the opening or closing of the case more reliably . however , i have not seen any claim that the nexus 5 has such a switch anyway , which is much less common on phones than tablets . another ( just as far-fetched ) guess is that it is related to the wireless charging capability . it could be that the hall sensor is specifically there to locate the wireless charging point in relation to the phone 's position .
just use vroot n your done n will be rooted 4.2.2 hp slate 21
first ativate usb debugging , use an app for this or tap 7 times in the option menue tablet . use the side usb port . for pc . . . edit the usb fingerprint for drivers . . . goto the hp help forum and questions . . howto adb with slate 21 . use pc , mac want work until new kernel update like linux the driver is in kernel 3.9 . adept the driver handish in device manager . . . auto install dont work . also you need the other stuff from sdk , the new adb tools . this one is to new . . so no driver and unsupported by hp .
give cydia impactor a try - it works on the tnote 7 and hp slate 8 .
i am using a to a usb cable that works . adb works and flash boot there is a adb fingerprint for drivers at hp3 forum . unlocking boot loader also no problem . root do not work with the normal stuff , and the chinese program 's also failed . wait for a tegra4 like version hope will come soon , think its hacked until christmas .
i have had this in the past and been able to fix it by rebooting the device
while not directly answering your question the apps2sd app might be helpful here , not just to move apps from internal memory but for it is feature to clear the cache of all apps in one go . if you have installed a lot then it can be a bit of a chore to go into each and choose clear cache . this app allows you to do them all in one hit .
there are no apps appear to suit to your need . but you could use two separate apps to do what you need to do . use googles my tracks to record your location data automatically . this app , record data of where you are using gps coordinates . allows you to monitor your trip or the places of visits in 3d maps . promotes easy sharing of your data . use traffic counter to monitor your data usage . this app , records your data usage details real time offer some good in-app analysis tools can be used to monitor calls , smss , wifi , apps , etc . as well with the help of these two , you can achieve your objective . no need to ping a site !
take a look at the post entitled rooting an unbranded tablet by ademc on september 7 , for further information that maybe helpful to you
droid2bootstrap . apk was able to root it
if your mobile is slow try to get a task killer from play store . it will kill apps that are open in your background and are not needed . ( addendum not needed ! - edit ) and to answer your last question i recently had to downgrade my xperia u from 4.0.4 to 2.3.7 . it is actually easier then it sounds , the process is the same when upgrading , you just have to download a few things ; d remember : flashing will delete everything on your phone so make sure you backup your mobile . note back up your phone via sony 's pc companion suite before proceeding follow the steps : get the following : flashtool , found on github your xperia firmware xperia u firmware 2.3.7: found on 4shared site ( put this one in a place that is " clean " best option desktop ) install flashtool go to your phone 's settings > developer options/usb debugging ( and check that option ) connect your phone to the pc ( usb ) before you continue go to the folder where you installed flashtool , open flashtool 's drivers folder and run the installer . ( flashtools\drivers ) in that installer select your phone and click next . warning : xperia u is next to xperia p it is not hard to find but you can easily miss it . after installing proceed to step 5 . open flashtools ( click yes if anything pops up , it could take a few second sto open ) click the thunder-like symbol select flashmode and click ok . ( not flashboot mode ! ) click the ( . . . ) in front of the first line of the windows that will pop up select the place where you saved file from the above step ii on . ( this could be a bit tricky if you can not find the place on that explorer copy/paste the file to the desktop to make it easier . the file will not appear in the window - do not worry it will detect it and load it automatically . ) make sure everything on the wipe area is checked and that on the exclude area nothing is checked . misc should be checked too ( this is to prevent errors during the downgrade ) follow the on-screen instructions . it will ask you to press a back button , on the xperia u it is the volume down button . for some reason you have to unplug the cable from the pc too . after you turn off the mobile plug back in the usb to the pc and then press and hold the volume down key on your phone ( keep it pressed and when you plug the usb back in the led 's will light up green . ) you can stop pressing the button when the process starts on flashtool 's window . wait until it is over , you can leave it . it should only take a few seconds your mobile will reboot when it is over . do not panic if you can not understand what it says the file your installing is from t-mobile 's hu region . after it starts and you enter your sim pin , it will take you again through the configuration . you will have some apps on your mobile from t-mobile , just uninstall them if you want . remember : flashing will delete everything on your phone so make sure you backup your mobile . hope i helped !
there are several applications available that will read the log . in android there is only one major log , where everything is written to . per application a different tag is used in the log . so to find out information about the wifi , you have to find out what the exact tag is . that way you can filter out all these messages , for me it was something like " wifistatemachine " for wifi . next to the application mentioned by abhishek sha ( log collector ) , there is also alogcat . i have used this application multiple times , and always helped me to find the problem .
you can take "adb shell logcat"  contains wpa_supplicant related logs . wpa_supplicant is an open source application which is used in android phones to connect and manage wi-fi connections . this would help your disconnect issue . or "adb shell cat /proc/kmsg"  which is the file where kernel dumps the logs . here you can see wi-fi crash related logs .
the log collector app grabs the android system log . it should include information about anything interesting ( errors , information , debug stuff ) that happened to your phone in the last few minutes . you should give you the option to email the log to somewhere ( yourself would be good ) . word of advice : i see that you are new here . i would advice that you do not ask for app recommendations as i have had issues in the past and my question was closed .
the application downloading continuously again and again is quite annoying and quite common whether you are using a data plan ( mobile data ) or wireless ( wi-fi ) . i had faced the same problem when updating the truecaller app on my android device ( 4.1.2 ) . the app had installed almost 4-5 times and all the time it installed only 65-70% and also wasted a lot of mobile data . my suggestion is the internet configuration is not proper or there is low network in your area . concept:- for the problem to understand there is a small concept of data transfer in the internet . in the internet there is two basic steps of data transfer 1 ) uplink ( up arrow ) . 2 ) downlink ( the down arrow ) . first the request will be sent to the server through an uplink . next the server responds by sending the data through the downlink ( in the form of packets ) . you can see this when you are browsing the net there is alternative downlink and uplink of data and packets are transferred internally ( you cannot see which packet is transferred and when but only confirm if all are received through a successful login or complete download ) . for this you will require a good network around you if any one packet is lost/missing ( during downlink or uplink ) then the play store keeps trying to update the app until you reach 100% of installation and you cannot stop the update until and unless you boot your device or click stop ( sometime even stop does not function ) or even close your mobile data . solution:- for this switch off the connection ( mobile data/wi-fi ) for a while . make sure all the settings are correctly configured . ( plan is active , having appropriate balance , good network reach etc . ) then switch on mobile data wait for the connection to be established and check for an app whether it is installing or not . if yes then you can update you app which was getting re-installed every time . if you still face the problem then in the app page scroll to the bottom where you will find a support mail id and contact them with your problem as well as a screen shot . once the app is updated then you shall not face any problem regarding constant re-install in the .
in Setting &gt; App &gt; Running app &gt; Download manager , click the Clear cache button . the download process will stop .
the fix is quite simple actually . you need to erase the downloadmanager 's data . goto the download manager in settings-> apps and clear downloadmanager 's app data .
go to settings . . . applications . . . select filter options ( contains all , running , downloaded ) . this option can be chosen by clicking left/right option depends upon handset model . choose ' all ' . . . so that you can see all applications . select download manager ; there you can click ' clear data ' button . it will stop all downloading applications . just now i analyzed and found it out .
here 's a random guess work on fixing your problem , at times i find myself facing this " bug " . what i do is connect to wifi and just let it do its thing ( download until it stops ) then i disconnect and reboot . after that , i do not encounter it anymore . well , i encountered it twice but that was it . this is coming from an ics user btw .
download and install the google calendar from the market . source .
the free app call control works pretty good . you can have a number blocked and set up so it picks it up and hangs up . it does not let them leave a message and your phone do not ring . however if you go where you do not have service it will still send it to voicemail , but works great otherwise .
first , wimax and 4g are completely separate . wimax already has real-world implementation , whereas 4g does not ; 4g is still in development . second , 3g lte is also completely separate from 4g . lte also has real-world implementation . a 3g lte phone can only operate at 4g speeds if it has hardware capable of it . the manufacturer will undoubtedly advertise this , so it should not be hard to find out . i know of no current phones that can do true 4g , which makes sense given that 4g does not really exist yet . the same applies for " regular " 3g phones working at lte speeds . the samsung vibrant , for example , works on t-mobile 's " fake 4g " network with slightly improved speeds , but does not take full advantage of it . the vibrant 4g , however , does take full advantage of the higher speeds . currently , cell providers in the us and elsewhere are referring to various 3g technologies including lte , hspa+ , etc . as "4g " when they are not actually 4g . examples of 4g networks in development are lte advanced ( based on 3g lte ) and wirelessman-advanced ( based on wimax ) . speed requirements for 4g service set the peak download speed at 100 mbit/s for high mobility communication ( such as from trains and cars ) and 1 gbit/s for low mobility communication ( such as pedestrians and stationary users ) . 3g lte and wimax do not meet these speed requirements . the wikipedia page on 4g is quite informative .
omnirom is already rooted , if anything you might have to install su . as to the problem with your primary rom on multirom , reflash the primary over the top of itself , then when complete install multirom again . as long as you did not wipe data , your other roms should still be intact . . . . . my primary rom in multirom got glitchy , so i did what i recommended to you and its working perfect again
to unlock the boot loader you need to have the adt with all the packages installed and configured . later once the configuration is done properly then you can connect your device and enable usb debugging under the options . download modaco’s superboot files and save them to your computer . once downloaded , extract it by right clicking and extract all . on your phone , click on settings > developer options > turn usb debugging on . plug the device in to your computer via usb cable . open the superboot folder that we just extracted ( until you see the folder with fastboot-windows inside it ) , then hold the shift key down on your computer and right click any blank area . now , select open command window here . in the command prompt , type the following with hitting enter at the end of each line . adb-windows reboot bootloader ( and wait for the device to reboot ) fastboot-windows oem unlock *if it gets stuck at waiting for device here , download and install pdanet on your computer , once installed , unplug then plug the device back in and see if that fixes it . once it runs the device should display a screen asking you if you are sure . click yes using the volume buttons . the device will go back to the bootloader screen but say unlocked at the bottom .
original charger would solve all of your problems . . . i had a similar problem on my hox as well , even with samsung galaxy s3 charger , everything is normal when i charge with original charger device and cable
i have not had this problem with my htc one x , i have used several adapters and all of them were charging as normal . i do not know if this will solve the problem , but you could try to do a reset of your phone , to make sure it is not a software related problem . but i guess the problem will still remain after the reset , so in that case , it is pretty sure that it is a hardware related problem of your phone . so you might want to contact htc support for this problem . i think the only solution will be to swap your defective device with a working one .
try to reset to factory settings , charge with ant without sim card , reeboot .
i was a having the same problem , look next to the charging port ( that would be to your right ) there a tiny hole clean it out it is blocked . i used a sewing needle to clean it out . after that people on the other side could hear me again . that hole used for talking .
if i understood you correctly , you want to get notified when a call goes through , not when the other person picks up ? you could try settings -> call settings -> all calls -> call status tones -> call connect tone to get a sound from the speaker when the call connects , so you do not have to hold the phone to your ear . is this what you were looking for ? edit : i know , it does not answer the title but could help with the problem .
log out from facebook app and facebook messenger app before uninstalling them . i also had similar problem with early version of facebook messenger . also in my case when my friends tried to send me message the chat box had info saying " message will be sent to mobile device " or something like this .
for external headsets you would be better looking at the incredible range of bluetooth enabled headsets for mobiles . i doubt that there will be any support for the current desktop usb based ones anytime soon as its not the focus of android atm . a hardware vendor would have to write the drivers for them , or an opensource effort . i was just playing with the new native sip voip on android 4 and its now deeply integrated . i was using the voip account that my home phone uses so my when someone call my house my mobile also rings and uses the wifi , very cool i wonder if this will pick off .
is there something wrong with cyanogenmod ? what you want is the stock version of android samsung put on the phone , there is no revert as it was deleted when you put cyanogen . as you dont seem to have a copy i would go to samsung support site or you will have to trust another source on the net and download it there . this would be another great community resource for your phone http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1156
your sim card needs to be cleaned , also your sim card reader should be cleaned/serviced . your connection to phone is not completely ok just because of either your sim card is too old and have been used a lot of times in different phones , thus it needs to replaced in this case . if not , then try solution number 1 .
you might be thinking of the limitations on roms that are based on the android open source project ( aosp ) such as cyanogenmod . the difficulty for these developers is that they do not have access to the source code for some of the device drivers of the evo , and use only code that is available from the aosp ( as well as home-built modifications and code , of course ) . these drivers are also closely coupled with htc 's proprietary sense ui , which was a contributing factor to some of the difficulties . the big dealbreakers for these have always been wimax/4g and hdmi output . these have actually seen a lot of development as of late , however . for instance , you can get an alpha/test version of cm7 which supports wimax now . i personally run this on my evo and it has been very stable , albeit buggy in a few fairly trivial ways . it is definitely fine for daily use at this point , and i have been using it since it came out without any actual issues . it is also slated as a feature for the final release of cm7 . hdmi is a very different beast , and did not see as much development from the start because there was seemingly less demand for it . however , a few pictures have been posted by devs recently that seem to indicate that progress might be gaining momentum . one such picture can be found here . if you flash a custom rom that is based on an htc rom , then these concerns essentially go away . the basic rule of thumb is that any sense ui rom will support both wimax and hdmi out , and any aosp rom will not ( excepting the recent test versions of cm7 ) . also , cyanogenmod does not come with google 's applications pre-installed due to licensing issues . they are permitted to distribute a separate package , however , so you just have to flash them separately after you flash the rom itself . beyond that , everything else functions as normal , and many additional things become possible with root .
i can not speak for the google voice app being fully integrated - i only use it for the voicemail feature . however i have a fully rooted evo ( fresh rom 3.5 ) and i still have access to the market and all the normal google android apps . in fact i find that rooting gives me more features like free wireless tether and with fresh 3.5 the power manager is integrated into the notification drop down ( which i find really cool ) . google voice still works perfectly for voice mail . as far as i know the only limitation is the one you have listed : it will void the warranty . however if something goes wrong there is a huge community over at xda to help you out or you can unroot and see what happens when you bring your device in to sprint ( i have not had to do this yet so i can not speak on that part ) . rooting ( for me ) has also made my battery life way better and gotten rid of those sprint apps that i do not want . edit : i can not comment on eldarerathis 's post otherwise this would have gone there : i had forgotten about hardware limitations of using aosp roms like cm . eldarerathis is correct though that with certain roms hdmi and 4g will not work . when i had the htc hero and first loaded cm i think the camera did not work but in time this was fixed and this is why i have avoided the cm rom so far for my evo . if you want the htc sense experience though do not go with cm or aosp roms - these are essentially stock android . hope this helps
using rsync to migrate your sd data would be fine . . . there should not be any harm to copying the entire contents of /sdcard , but now would be a good time to clean it up . you can use rsync or just plain copy/paste , and migrate everything piecemeal either to your computer or directly to the new phone ( just plug both in via usb to your computer at the same time ) . the main concern is any pictures , music , etc . that you have on there . beyond that , check for any app data you had want . some apps store their data in /sdcard/appname/ , but most use /sdcard/Android/data/full.app.name instead ( this is a little harder to decipher , as the names do not always match what the app displays as . . . amazon 's app store is com . amazon . venezia , for example ) . games may have saved games or high scores , games or other apps may have large data packs saved , and most apps back up their settings somewhere on /sdcard when you hit " back up settings " or " export settings " in a menu . if you are wanting anything else , check out a similar question . the short answer is you probably need root to back up actual app data that is not on the sd card , and an app that will do it for you ( titanium backup is pretty much the de facto standard ) .
a new phone could mean a new/differently configured android version , so you would need to be extremely careful restoring your rsync'd data on the new device . while it certainly cannot hurt to have that backup , i would not recommend restoring it to a different device . a much safer way would be using titanium backup instead ( pro-version strongly recommended for batch processing -- but you of course can check with the free version before ) . this nice app not only creates full backups ( apps+data+system data ) , but also offers a migration mode for restoring a backup to a different device/rom : instead of simply replacing files on the new system ( which can e.g. break some databases due to changed/different structures when it comes to system data like e.g. sms , in which case you will experience some nice force-closes of the corresponding apps/frameworks ) , it tries just to fit the data into the existing databases , and does some other " tricks " . also the app is well supported and worth every cent/frank ( dev lives in switzerland ) . scheduled backups , freezing/uninstalling system apps , converting downloaded apps to system apps ( and vice versa ) , plus so many other nice features make this app a must-have on any rooted android device ( and who knows me also knows i rarely speak of any " must-have app" ) .
after starring a place in google maps android , you can open google bookmarks webapps to display your bookmarks . sort by date to show your latest bookmark and clicking on the Edit button allows you to edit that place bookmark title . the new title would display in My Places on google maps android . not an ideal solution , but a workaround involving additional webapps . references : android forum - google maps - label starred locations ? - 9 april 2010 - provides three workarounds : #9 add suffix " ( title ) " to address in google maps webapps before starring ( not editing on android ) ; #11 use google bookmarks to edit title ( solution i chose above ) ; #14 add to contacts and edit contacts names ( will search each time use the address in contacts ) . google mobile android forum - why can not i edit the name of a " starred " place on google maps ? - 1 june 2011 - mentioned bookmark and contacts solutions above , also registering an address as a business place , then can edit the title .
anandtech did some testing with the evo 4g and found the battery life to be the same when using 4g as when using 3g . http://www.anandtech.com/show/3791/the-sprint-htc-evo-4g-review/12 it is the only semi-scientific testing i have seen . i find that in portland , oregon 4g coverage is spotty so if i leave 4g enabled the battery drains faster . my guess is that it takes more battery power to search for unavailable 4g networks .
so i can not give you a scientific ( or even semi-scientific ) answer , but i can give you an anecdotal one based on my experience over the past couple months . . we have 4g here in atlanta , and while it works most everywhere i go during the day , i have found myself leaving it off most of the time because it has a noticeable impact on battery drain . the way i understand it , the 4g radio is separate from the 3g radio , and i am not sure the 4g radio turns " off " the 3g . i say this because when you use 4g it is possible to receive data during a voice call , which you can not do otherwise . that said , using the 4g widget it is really easy to flip it on when you need it , and leave it off when you do not . it is not inconvenient , and will help your battery life . .
goto Settings --> Wifi--> ( press menu ) Advanced--> uncheck " Avoid Poor Connections" checkbox . then click on network available . now it will connect ( or else click forget and re-enter your password .
i have had a similar problem , sometimes the volume is at max and will not decrease , sometimes the other way around . it also started occurring on cm7.1 ( but on a galaxy s ) . the volume controls start responding after pressing them both ways ( i.e. . if volume is at maximum , increase first and then decrease , and vice versa ) . you should also check if your phone 's version has amplification settings in Settings -&gt; CyanogenMod settings -&gt; Sound or something like that .
find the app that took over the pdf intent in Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All , and then tap on Clear defaults button . next time you click on a pdf file , it should prompt you which app to use . check the Use by default for this action box , and tap on ezpdf reader . alternatively , you can try uninstalling and re-installing the ezpdf reader app . it should re-register its own intent for handling pdfs , and prompt you for an app next time you try to view one .
there is an app for that ! ! try default app manager on the android market which can take care of both clearing and setting defaults for various categories like pictures , audio , video , pdf etc . really makes life very easy .
the latest update of the nook color software version 1.4.1 allows you to change the default pdf reader . after the upgrade open a pdf and then a pop up box will appear allowing you to choose which application you want as the default pdf reader .
if you have not given up on android apps yet , you can use titanium backup . it lets you search either by app name or package name .
as using swap is a system-wide thing ( even on linux/unix , you need to be root in order to activate/deactivate swap ) , this cannot be done without having root access to your device . if your device is rooted , however , there are several apps available to help you manage swap space . you might want to take a look at e.g. swapper 2 ( for root users ) ( free ) or roehsoft ram-expander ( swap ) ( paid , and not really cheap ) . both seem to have quite good reputation . of course there are several other solutions available as well .
samsung with its quest to be different , enriched the stock browser , with its own brightness control , totally separate from the os . no root there is no workaround , you have to set the brightness independently . even using an app to control the brightness levels , as soon as you launch the stock browser , its own brightness control overwrites the one from the app . root if you have root on your device , you can replace the browser .apk with the stock one from android . you get the same browser , and in theory , without that annoying feature placed by samsung ( have not done this myself ) . alternatives there are alternative solutions for this , like many other users faced with your problem endup using , the usage of another browser that is not the stock one .
i recommend connectbot for ssh . my biggest issue with vim has always been getting the escape key to work . by default , i believe the escape key is the same as the back key in android . one answer i found on stackoverflow ( can not find the link ) is to map a key sequence to escape : :imap qq &lt;Esc&gt; " map qq to Escape while in insert mode  this should allow fairly normal vim usage on android . you can either enter it every time or add it to . vimrc . i got fed up with my lapdock before i found this , but i will need to go back and try again .
so , i have a nexus one . firstly : do not try to use the soft keyboard for any form of coding . it is workable , to an extent , with connectbot 's help , for system administration , but coding is flat out . if you insist on trying , look at full keyboard . secondly : the screen size is an issue , at least for me . i have not found a font size that is both readable for long sessions and displays enough code on the screen . coding and longform text are still definitely a computer thing .
i ended up coding a lot on it . it works quite well . i use igo stowaway bluetooth keyboard ( it fits in a pocket ) . i map esc to jk or jj . i also bring a charger just in case . the small font size does not bother me as much . i just move my head closer to the screen . also alt-tab works for switching application . it is useful because you need to use a stackoverflow for coding :- )
try mosh for a potential solution to latency issues . it does heuristic echoing of local keystrokes , so you get more immediate feedback and things feel less choppy .
your android phone ( if that is what you mean by having two android ) , should have a setting for wireless tethering . open the settings -> wireless option in your android phone and there you will get the option . you will need to provide a name to the network and then try to search for that name in the other phone , as a new wireless network . also , your data provider should have allowed tethering on your phone ; they sometimes block tethering where unlimited data plans or plans with high data usage are provided . also , could you provide some more details on how you went about doing the same , that might help in providing a more useful answer .
there is no alternative for kies . kies is the only offical way to update samsung 's android devices . to unofficially flash/update samsung devices odin ( for windows ) and heimdall ( for linux ) are the de facto standard . these two a very reliable .
in android notification settings can be configured on a per-app basis . most apps give you control over sound and vibration settings . these can be overridden with the global " ring mode " setting located under menu -> system -> sound . changing the gmail notifications will not impact hangouts , facebook , or other apps . furthermore , in gmail app you can have different notification settings for each account ( and even per each synced label within each account ) : in gmail , tap on the menu button , go to settings , and tap on your google account . tap on " inbox sound and vibrate " option . set the sound and vibration preferences to your liking , and exit the settings page .
this nexus one user manual seems to be basically the same document as you linked , but specific to that phone and android 2.1 . since the nexus one was a " pure " android experience , the vast majority of the document should cover what you are looking for . ( that link seems dead , but this link from the internet archive wayback machine seems to be working . )
the complete android guide does a pretty good job of highlighting the differences in functionality in the different versions . you can buy a book , pdf , or view it online for free .
first , launchers are apps like all other apps you can install . which means : per se , there should be no problems -- but they of course might have bugs and , in rare cases , side effects . again , this is not limited to launchers . so far for the " generic info " . now specifically for the launcher : after having installed a launcher ( nova should be fine , apex might be another choice close to nova ) , when he presses the home key to switch to the home screen , he will be asked which launcher to chose . so still he is got the choice to use the miui launcher or his " custom one " . on every press of the home button . until he decides to always use one of the two , and marks the check button to remember his choice ( "always use . . . " ) . now on home key press , it is always that launcher being started . if at a later time he wants to switch back : still no problem . the " decision popup " will come again if one of the following conditions are met : he installed another launcher one of the installed launchers receives an update more than 2 launchers were installed , and the current default launcher is uninstalled in settings&rarr ; applications , the settings of the current default launcher are opened , and the " clear defaults " button is pushed some " default apps " manager was used to trigger it so in short : i would expect no trouble . some special features of the miui launcher might not be available in other launchers , some specific miui widgets ( specifically built for the miui launcher ) might not work with the other launcher -- but if he wants , he can always return/swtich or even revert his changes .
well , you will lose home launcher . that is it . every other miui feature will be intact :- )
i use helium on a non-rooted nexus 7 ( 2013 ) to backup my app data ( but not the apps ) . i have only one user account but since that app data is user-specific , is contained in my user area , and the backup is placed in my user area , i would be surprised if helium would have any trouble backing-up each account separately . i have not had occasion to restore a user 's data from a helium backup , so be i can not vouch for that process .
problem solved . i deactivated hangouts and now it works fine .
full instructions can be found here . in short : install sdk get the fastboot . exe and place in your sdk/tools turn on usb debugging on phone connect to pc via usb using adb , run adb reboot bootloader at the bootloader , run fastboot oem unlock accept dialog to unlock bootloader start phone , phone will reboot , do not battery pull ! afterwards , you can get root access .
seems that i finally fixed the issue , but i wanted to wait few days to be sure . first i tried to reflash my phone again , but without wiping my data partition ( so i could keep my apps and settings intact ) . this did not worked , so i fully flashed again my phone 's firmware ( i was ussing only official firmwares , from sony ) but after a day when my phone 's gps worked fine , the issue reappeared . finally i downloaded the same version of the firmware , but for another region ( i was using a firmware made for brazilian market , now i am using the one for europe ) and this seems to work . gps starts everytime when requested . i am not really sure where the issue was , but if someone else encounter this issue - maybe you could give my solution a try .
even the best gps does not lock on instantly . you can use " assisted gps " , or agps , to help get a rough fix quickly while you wait for the more accurate gps to get a lock ; this only works when you have internet access , since it uses your ip address to locate you . go into your device 's gps settings ( settings -> location access ) also try clearing the data of the navigation app and installing other gps toolbox apps to see if it fixes the issue .
solution : clear the app cache . after i cleared the app cache , the " send as " was functioning as it did before the update . does this fall under as a duplicate of : app x is not working correctly . how can i fix it ?
you need to go into the mail application and set up an account through there . the accounts area is for syncing accounts for the phone ( like your gmail address ) .
open email . enter your email credentials ( the address and the password ) . choose manual setup . choose imap . enter server settings .
titanium should restore the apks as well as the data . but another method is to go into settings> backup/restore ( or similar ) , and there is an option for backing up and restoring data from google play .
the limit is actually placed on virtual size of the downloaded area . the upper limit is approximately 80mb of data , and the lower limit is smaller than maps displays , somewhere below 100kb , equivalent to around . 6 square miles . here is one place that mentions the 80mb limit . in my own testing , i was able to download up to 87mb of data , which is approximately 5625 square miles . this may have been coincidence , but in my testing , the allowable size ranged from a square . 75 miles on a side to a square 75 miles on a side .
try my app : soundabout . it has a media audio setting called " aux digital " for this purpose .
i have found that the auxiliary jack on my s3 is pretty tight and even when the phone senses i have plugged something into it , i have to press it just a little harder , until i hear a " click " and the plug is flush to the phone ( you should not be able to see any metal from the plug showing ) . once i do that , the sound stops playing through the phone 's speaker .
i remember seeing someone do tests on the accuracy of capacitive screens and in reality , they are terribly inaccurate . unlike resistive screens , a stylus will not make much difference for you . i believe it was said that a fine stylus would provide just as much accuracy as using a hot dog .
thin styluses are usually for resistive screens , they do not work with droid x 's capacitive screen . the difference between capacitive and resistive touchscreens
i have a pogo stylus which was originally meant for the iphone although i see they have an android version now . it works ok , but i feel like i have to push down harder than i want to to get it to work . it is accurate , more so than my finger , however if i do not maintain enough pressure when drawing a line for example , there will be gaps in the line . i have a screen protector on and i have never tried it on the naked screen so this might be a factor . when all is said and done i do not use it very much so i can not provide a detailed review . if you do not want to spend the money there are a number diy capacitive tutorials that look pretty good . some mimic the pogo design and others do not . here are a few : pogo like 1 pogo like 2 with a sock with a piece of anti-static bag with an energy bar wrapper and a drunk puppet
sorry no can do . since its stock launcher . try downloading different launcher from the store .
i have a nexus 7 , and i use ezpdf reader with programming books ( pdf ) . source code gets distorted if i use text reflow , so i do not use that . i just pinch-zoom ( in and out ) if necessary . ezpdf reader also has a Fitting to Text Column feature which zooms you in to eliminate the white space at the left and right sides . because it is zoomed in , you had need to scroll down though . ( ah , well , i suppose i am not answering your question , but i hope it helps , or give you an app to try out ) .
no . it is impossible using the standard app .
the brut mod can cache map tiles on sd card . so you get large cache . caching feature is by default disabled , you need to turn it on in setting .
that should be /sdcard/Downloads , replace /sdcard with wherever your " data storage " is . you can also access them using the app " downloads " .
the process name implies that it is related to sd card . fat file system is very old and unreliable file system . android stop app to prevent further damage to your data . solution : eject microsd . insert in card reader , plug to pc . run chkdsk i : /f /x , where i- drive letter for your sd partion in windows . chkdsk shall find and fix problem . problem solved .
first i would fix permissions on cwm . no help ? then try this : settings > applications > manage applications > then make sure you look under the all tab . it is called google services framework and you clear the data for this one and cache for market . go to “settings” unplug your device from computer . ( if plugged in . ) choose “manage applications” from the list . select the “all” tab . scroll down to “market” and select it . tap “force stop” . tap “clear cache” . tap the back button . scroll up to “google services framework” and select it . tap “clear data” . tap “ok” . tap “force stop” . start market . at the “an error has occurred” message , tap “ok” . hold your power button to turn off your device from the menu . turn your device back on . start market again , and the problem should be resolved .
there is a teamviewer app that acts as a server " teamviewer quick support " unfortunately it is for samsung devices only
try this app . in this app you can share the screens between two tablets or two mobile devices of varying screens wirelessly and does not require any thing extra as per your requirements .
sounds like some kind of vnc type of solution would be the best , maybe teamviewer ? you might need an enterprise license if you are doing this for commercial purposes .
you can just press " refresh"-- and it will really give you second-by-second changes so long as the person you are looking at has their gps on . if location is set to " network"- then it only updates when they change towers . this is much more battery-efficient , it seems .
according tho this post , that feature was removed as of version 5.10 of google maps app because it was never properly working .
you just have to long-press the number ( underlined ) .
no , you can only activate device manager on the device itself . this is for security reasons . the idea is that you activate it before losing your phone or forgetting the password . normally you do not need device manager to deal with a forgotten screen lock pattern , pin , or password . after entering it wrong several times ( usually five ) , the lock screen should offer you the opportunity to log in with the primary google account attached to the device , or to factory-reset it . that might not work if you have a device administrator installed , such as a corporate email account or vpn credentials .
the official firmware runs touchwiz , which is a known resourcehog , in addition to 2 . x having known occasional performance issues with the mediascanner . i recommend flashing the latest stable cyanogenmod release . although you will sacrifice a few features , such as fm radio - which can be restored with specific kernels and apps which use the functionality , it is very much worth the initial time investment in aspects of performance .
had the exact same problem . it went away when i uninstalled the facebook app .
if you can find an original stock rom for your device ( i assume your device is not rooted etc . ) , or any fitting custom rom ( in case it is rooted etc . ) , you could factory-reset your device and then flash that rom . see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for available rom sources .
it does not update only when it is visible . because all widgets are drawn by the host ( i.e. . the home screen or lock screen ) , there is no way for the widget provider to tell whether the widget is visible or not . it would be possible for the service that keeps changing the widget to find out when the screen is turned off . in recent android versions , you could verify that using the battery screen in settings . add the widget to your home screen , then ( while the phone/tablet is not plugged in ) leave the screen turned off for some time . turn it back on , and see if your task manager app is listed on the battery screen . regardless of the result , your task manager app is probably doing more harm than good . android is not like windows : it is designed to keep as much memory in use as it can , and only frees memory when it has to . see do i really need to install a task manager ? for more info .
your confusion is most likely caused by the way the playstore handles installs/updates . they are first downloaded and stored in internal storage ( not on sdcard , but /data/local ) , then the app is to be installed on the same partition ( /data/data/app.package.name ) -- only after that the download can be deleted . in your case , this would mean a 12m download , which then needs to be unpacked ( at least another 12m , or rather more ) -- which could sum up to 30m or more . a safety margin needs to be kept to keep the device from crashing -- so you get the " insufficient storage " error . see also : package install via market sometimes fails and gives seemingly random error message
there is a difference for multiple reasons : the app settings menu takes a few seconds to update the amount of storage an app takes up [ and ] apps sometimes delete/add data to their data folders . this causes the amount of storage to change often . you may get the insufficient storage space if an app expands and extracts needed libs and data when it is installed - this can cause the insufficient storage error .
the answer is usually " no . " the framework changes introduced with manufacturers ' ui overlays ( samsung 's touchwiz in the case of your galaxy s ii ) most likely make the stock apps like phone , contacts , calendar , etc . incompatible with custom roms like cyanogenmod rom that are based on aosp ( android open source project ) .
es can read/write to protected folders , you just have to enable it in your settings . open the settings menu ( press the menu button , then select " settings" ) and find the " root settings " item , then enable " root explorer " ( operate with root permission ) and " mount file system " ( allow writing to /system ) . alternatively , many devices/android versions should allow you to simply put the bootanimation . zip file into /data/local instead of /system/media . you will not need a root explorer for this since /data/local is world writable . this does not work on all roms , though . screenshots for the es settings :
you should go to the google play web site , there is a list of all the apps that you have ever installed on your device , including purchased ones .
in the new market application you need to slide the tab sideways when viewing the installed applications to view all applications , you might have missed that at first glance .
ok , this answer does not get to the root cause or the " why it happened " but the issue is now resolved . it may help others if their purchased applications are suddenly not available on google play for installation on a new device . i received an notification to update my android firmware and reboot . i followed the instructions , went into google play and my purchased items were now available . i can not explain why , they just were .
if you are using the same google login - then you should be able to find them under my apps in google play and they should be marked as purchased . ( on your phone - on the web you will find them under my android apps ) . you can also click on orders and devices at the bottom of the page - if they do not show up in that list . ( and next to each you have " report a problem" ) and worst case scenario , if these apps are paid for , you should at least be able to find them in your google checkout history - and contact google to refresh your account . hth .
afaik , pictures from gallery are not uploaded to picassa gallery by sync , unless you intentionally upload them by sharing options . to put this to test , i just now tried to capture an image though camera and synced . it did not turn up in picassa . i do not know why this way , but on the first hand if your first device is not uploading image to picassa with sync , there is no way your other device is going to get it . there are plenty of other ways using apps like sugar sync , drop box etc . but i assume here the question was asked in compassion with contacts and calendar which gets synced with google 's services without any other app support .
have you tried using a different cord/charger ? it seems as if it is not related to a specific location , so i would suspect that the cable has gone bad .
try using the app below , which will help to drain your battery and charge it again while switched off . hope this works : ) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ru.devmob.juiceoffenderhl=en
the only recommendation i can give is to upgrade your firmware . you could try a newer version of cm9 , as then you do not have to wipe data . if you want a fairly stable newer version , 4.1 works really well , and 4.3 somewhat . go to quarx2k . ru and select the 2nd-boot folder for them .
you could try elixir 2 . it lets you add different kinds of toggle widgets , including mute widgets .
is it swiftkey ? swiftkey brings the future of text entry to smartphones . it uses touchtype’s breakthrough fluency™ technology to predict the next word you want to type , before you even press a key . [ . . . ] swiftkey doesn’t just predict regular words – it learns as you type and remembers how you write . as words and sentences are chosen over time , its fluency™ engine creates a dynamic understanding of your writing style to boost the accuracy , fluency and speed of prediction .
have you thought about sharing your phone 's screen on computer ? lot of apps and tweaks are available on the internet . few such results i found quickly by searching are this and this video and a xda page . i am unable to provide more specific answer as i am not aware of your phone 's software version and its hardware capabilities . as @jack said , if you have hdmi out it will be the best option . by seeing your phone 's screen on the computer , you would be running the ebook reader app in the phone but read the book in your monitor .
depending on the android version , you may be able to " miracast " screen cast to an external miracast receiver . it is a wireless solution . an introduction with a video .
you need to use the mhl adapter cable . from the mhl adapter , you can connect to any tv that support hdmi .
first of all , it always a good thing to have usb debugging on . it can help you check your phone and even recover it if something is wrong . when your phone is on a boot loop and will not start correctly , you can use adb to check where might be the problem . connect your phone via the usb cable to a pc with adb and then type the following : adb logcat  power your phone and you should see , as your phone starts the boot secuence , a lot of information in the adb window . that is the current log of your phone boot secuence ( like the one you can see in linux for example ) . if the phone ends in a boot loop , you should be able to see what is trying to do and then try to fix it .
it will probably not help you for now but maybe next time . if you are in an edit contact screen and you press on the home button before you saved the contact , there are chances that this screen would still be active but you need to get back into the app using the " recent apps " list . in my case ( galaxy s3 ) , if i long-press the home button it shows me the list of recently used applications and if i select one from the list it goes back to it in the state it was before i pressed home . if i go back to the same application by re-selecting it from the main screen icon then it goes back to the default view of the application . and this rule is true for a lot of applications , that is why i always use the " recent apps " list when multitasking to prevent the app to start again from the default view .
sorry but there is no way to recover the phone number unless that persons number called/text you or you made a call/text to that person . if you did that you could go into your call history and see the made/missed call and then add it to your contacts . a habit to get into is dial the number first and then hang up . that way its in your call history . then from your call history add the number to your contacts and add additional info such as name , address and email . if you do this and forget to click save at least you still have the telephone number on your phone .
i use atorrent , which has the possibility of selecting which files to download . just change to the file tab and use the checkboxes .
i use ttorrent . when you open a torrent , an Add torrent dialog pops up . click on the Select files button , and you can check / uncheck the files that you want to download .
go to Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB utilities and choose " connect storage to pc " . or , if you want to automatically sync files via wifi from phone to your dropbox or ftp account you can use a super app called " realsync " . you can get this app here .
try to enable the app named " media storage " from app-> menu-> manage apps
i tried the rescan media application but did not work . restarted the phone , still did not work . then , i figured it out that the sd card came from an old blackberry and some data was left behind . thus , i formated the sd card with the computer ( fat ) and put it back into the phone . works like a dime ! : )
open up the gallery and on the top-right corner you will find a ' menu ' button . tap that and choose ' show/hide albums ' option . in the new window that appears , check ' select all ' or ' all photos ' and ' all videos ' and tap on ' save ' . if you are still unable to find any pictures or videos in your gallery , follow @t0mm13b 's answer . it will help . note : selecting ' all photos ' will show all pictures on your device . even including the small bitmaps that applications ' in your sd card ' use as resources !
download this app called rescan media and run this application within 2 min issue solved
the only suggestion i can think of is this - download this app called rescan media which simply forces android to perform a re-scan of the sd-card and pull in/update the internal media links to the images on the sd-card itself , so that it will show up in the gallery . by the sound of it , it looks as if ( i am not exactly 100% certain ) that the media scanning is broken on your handset . . . or that the gallery is failing . if the above fails to work , then perhaps a suggestion would be to try get a newer firmware or use an alternative rom such as cyanogenmod/stock vanilla android . . .
you may try this at your own risk . please do a nand back-up first .
that was for y210d . you need to flash it stock again and root it with a y210 insecure boot image . you can get the stock rom here .
depending on how you have networking set up for your emulator , you might need to forward your ssh port from the emulator to a port on the host . your emulator might be set up on a nat/host-only network , so your ssh client can not actually reach the server . to test this , try pinging the emulator 's ip address from the system with your ssh client .
install clockworkmod recovery using any of the given methods here : install terminal emulator from the market . install root explorer from the market . download the recovery of your choice and copy the recovery . img to your sd card . ( if its not named recovery . img rename it ) with root explorer , navigate to where the recovery is and copy it to /system/bin/ ( remember to select mount as r/w first in order for it to copy . ) open terminal emulator and enter the command " su " ( without the quotes ) after that enter the command " flash_image recovery /system/bin/recovery . img " ( again without the quotes ) that is it , the recovery has been flashed . reboot in recovery to confirm . once you have confirmed the recovery flashed properly remember to delete the recovery . img from /system/bin/ ( using root explorer , and mount as r/w ) then follow the instructions of using clockworkmod given here
my answer focuses a bit more on the sense vs no-sense ( see the bottom part for links about 2.3 vs 2.2 ) . i currently have a sense based rom on my evo and cyanogenmod on my old hero . now there are differences in the devices so that must be taken into account but here is what i have found . on my hero , i had a sense based rom for a long time and liked it ( i kinda prefer sense ) . when i tried aosp roms they tended to be faster and give me better battery-life but from time to time would cause my hero to reboot . when i got tired of this i went back to a sense based rom it was slow but never reboot on me . eventually i got tired of the slowness and went back to cyanogenmod for the hero . the other thing i liked about cyanogenmod was the photos app that would grab photos from picasa 's web albums . i did not like that the sense widgets and sense apps ( like the clock widget and app with all the integrated functionality ) were gone and the keyboard was the stock one ( personally i prefer the htc keyboard ) . now as eldarerathis already mentioned you can find similar replacements for the widgets and apps but in my attempts nothing i found was perfect - you may find that different . on my evo i have only tried a sense rom . i have excellent battery-life , all the sense functionality and with the rom i am using ( fresh 3.5 ) there is an app added that will allow you to add the google apps ( clock , photos , etc . ) or the aosp lock screen . i have the wireless and usb tether that eldarerathis mentioned as well and as he already mentioned the merits of google maps . i can not say that i have tried any rom 's for the desire either sense or aosp but here is a link to the cyanogenmod forum for the desire if you wanted to see what other people are experiencing with that rom . here are some links that explain some differences between 2.3 and 2.2 breaking them down my feature sets : http://www.differencebetween.com/difference-between-android-2-2-froyo-and-android-2-3-gingerbread/ http://www.bizzntech.com/2011/02/20/android-gingerbread-2-3-vs-froyo-2-2
i have to disagree with eldarerathis . i have never used sense , but the number of problems people have with it indicate to me that it is inferior on a reliability level . while vanilla android is not perfect either , i would certainly trust it more .
this is pretty much just a matter of preference , to be honest . i do not think you will really " lose " any functionality on a desire by going to an aosp based rom , either 2.3 or otherwise . you should gain built-in usb and wifi tethering , though , since those are a standard part of android 2.2+ . the real deciding factor will just be if you prefer the sense ui or another launcher ( adw , launcherpro , zeam , etc ) . you will lose any htc widgets since they depend on sense , but there are widgets in the market which actually mimic the style and functionality of the htc ones for just that reason . you also lose htc 's proprietary apps , since they generally use the sense framework in various ways . threads pop up on xda from time to time where people argue over whether sense is better than other launchers but it almost inevitably just amounts to each group saying " i think x better than y because i like the way it looks " .
is it any swiping motion that is difficult , or just the default left to right swipe ? if a small swipe in a different direction would work , you could try ripple lock . this lock screen replacement requires that you drag an inner circle to the edge of an out circle . the direction is not important , and the swipe distance is about half of the regular lock screen .
while it amounts to recommending major surgery for a small problem , cyanogenmod has customizable lock-screen controls . ( my wife 's g1 is configured to unlock when she pushes the menu button . ) of course this requires rooting , modding , and hardware buttons . . . but it is a solution .
there are some adapters that will provide yu with a usb port , where you could connect a usb-based network adapter . however , i had no chance with the one i had . i installed an access point in my wired setup , and it worked fine . mine is a d-link dap-1350 .
you can not . the tab does not have an ethernet jack and does not support it anyways . if you do not want to get yourself a wireless router , you can set up a wifi network through a computer with a wifi card . there is a guide on lifehacker on this for windows 7 . the basics : connect your pc to the wired network create an ad-hoc network on the pc ( you will want to encrypt it ) enable ics ( internet connection sharing ) connect the tab to the wifi network broadcast by the pc if you have trouble getting the pc portion to work , you should ask how to get it working on super user since they handle pc stuff like this .
similar to what matthew said i would also suggest a wifi router but use it as a repeater , any cheap wifi router will do just turn off dhcp , use as ap , change the gateway to something other than 192.168 . x . x and probably check the option to use as a lan extension .
i had the same problem with my kindle fire 1st gen . i had to open the case , remove the battery connection to the motherboard for 20 seconds . . plugged in the battery and it started working again .
get root and then install the xposed framework : http://mdc.gd/xposedfw and then the modaco toolkit : http://www.modaco.com/topic/361634-xmod-modaco-toolkit-for-xposed-framework/ once everything is installed , and the modaco module is activated inside xposed framework ( you need to go back into it once it is installed and running and do this ) , you can then enable multi-users in modaco ( as well as many , many other hacks - be careful ! ) . after a reboot , go into your android settings and there will be a " users " section . enjoy ! this all works perfectly on my son 's similarly cheap ondo v701s . i have the primary account ( which gets root access and other goodies ) , he gets a pared-down desktop with mostly games . one thing to note ; my " onda desktop " refused to function on the second user 's account and i installed nova , removed the default launcher . i am guessing other chinese tablet manufacturer 's will have similarly flakey custom launchers . the standard android 4.4 launcher also works well ( i briefly played with googlehome . apk v0.9.6.886092 ) .
in android 4.2 , only tablets support multiple user profiles , not phones . this means it is up to the manufacturer to enable multiple users when they set up android for the device ( what is called system integration ) . since the le pan mini is a tablet , they should have turned on this support . you should report this bug to the manufacturer ( and let us know what they say , to help future visitors ) . it is sometimes possible to change this using a customized , unofficial firmware , but that relies on having a community of knowledgeable users who can do the work necessary to create a new firmware image : this is very hard without the manufacturer 's support . since your device is not a mainstream one , it is unlikely there are enough interested people with the necessary skills .
summing up all the comments : will google save the locations ? definitely . as soon as you want to use the more battery-friendly “network based location” you have to agree that google collects your location data “to improve its services”: click image for larger variant so “location history” and ”location report” are meaningless in this context . as it was adressed : whilest theoretically you should be able to delete all collected data associated with your account , first google claims here it is “anonymous” ( so not connected to your account ) – and second , noone except google can tell if “deleting” really means the data was “destroyed” . different reports rather suggest otherwise , as e.g. a german tech magazin found out : they decided to delete all backups from google servers . weeks later , they wanted to test a new device , and configured it with the very same account . miraculously , that device immediately connected to their wifi . how can that be , with the backups deleted ? ( find the full article here , in german ) . will you miss anything when switching to gps only ? depends on your “usage profile” . when no satellites are in sight , you would be unable to find your location . that could be e.g. with heavy clouds , or inside buildings – where otherwise a “coarse location” based on wifi aps and mobile cell ids would be possible . but there are ways to get that functionality back without google : the opencellid project is aimed to provide the data , and there are several connected apps – including alternative open source network location providers . but to use those , your device must be rooted , as these services must be installed as system apps . you can find out more in my android without google series . should you use alternative maps ? that is pretty much opinion-based . i do so , but not solely for the reasons you mentioned . there are alternatives ( part 2 of the just mentioned series names some ) . furthermore , let me quote dan here : the answer to " is x secure ? " is always " secure against what ? " what are you worried about ? it is secure in the sense that it will not let people run malware on your phone , but that is probably not what you are thinking of . imho you cannot avoid completely that some services collect data on you . you can minimize it , you can make it harder for them – and you definitely should not offer your data on a silver tablet . it is always balancing privacy and convenience . so how much privacy you can gain , depends on how much convenience you are willing to give up . more hints not only if you are absolutely paranoid ( correct : today that is called “informed” ) , a custom-rom can offer you advantages . as those usually ship without all the pre-installed bloat , your battery will last much longer ( on my “android device without google” , 3 times longer : 4,5 days , and still 20% left ) . in this context , i have to mention replicant – which is aimed at absolute open-source . unfortunately , only few devices are supported .
i have found the problem . i changed the density to a higher resolution . after resetting to system resolution , problem was solved . i would still be glad to know if there is a solution that will allow me using the calendar at a high res . as well .
i finally settled with unified remote . it does not provide a real service but can be run without displaying a window as a task bar program . it provides all special key combinations needed and also has a working automatic server detection . and i even have not tried all the supplied program remotes !
i have been satisfied with all in one remote so far . it also works with other oses than windows . as for run in window-less mode , i can think of a couple of ways to easily hide the server window for all in one remote . it would just take a few minutes to make in autoit . as for provide support for special keys and key combinations , as far as i know , i can do key combinations with it too .
headsets with mic , answer button and volume controls which are iphone compatible , in general , will not work with android headsets . the mic and the sound will work , but the buttons will not . headset with mic and only one button will work without problems .
android phones mostly use the standard layout of the 3,5mm jack , but there are some special cases . for example , samsung galaxy tab 10.1 uses a slightly different jack than galaxy s . the difference is barely visible by the naked eye , but when i use the tab headset in galaxy s , the music sounds like it is mono , not stereo and the answer button does not work . i would advise you to test before buying if possible in order to eliminate any unfortunate surprises .
the dalvik cache is the set of saved . dex files . a . dex file is basically a compiled bytecode version of an app that has been built for the dalvik virtual machine on which android 's apps run . it is similar to the java virtual machine and having saved . class files .
i also faced the same problem when i brought the android smart phone . there is no way to download the apps to your computer from android market . you should have internet on your mobile to download the apps directly to your mobile . there are some websites where you can download the apps into your computer . for ex : mobiles24 , getandroidstuff , etc . . and more over some of the android apps need internet connection to work .
actually you can download from google play to your computer . all you need is the google chrome extension - apk downloader . just select an app on google play then on the top right corner will have the apk downloader symbol . click it and download the app in . apk format . then just transfer the app to your phone with either bluetooth or usb then install the app like normal using app installer on your phone . simple way to install is just click on the file in your phone then click install . also when you are trying to use the apk downloader . they will ask for a device id for your phone . enter # #8255# # in your phone dialer then you will see your device id . just insert your name , e-mail and device id in the apk downloader settings in extension list and you can use it .
if your computer has internet access via ethernet , and also has a wireless adaptor , you can use connectify to set up your own wifi hotspot for your phone to connect to . you can then download and install apps normally .
install mobogenie software fro , their official site its free and easy to use and install every app for android java etc
if you have windows7 running the computer which would allow for an ap configuration of connectify , then it will work . but for windows xp or vista running computers , the only mode connectify can be configured is ad-hoc , which unfortunately is not compatible with android devices : quote : a number of recent devices do not support ad hoc mode ( but do support access point mode ) such as : android devices ( there are hacks to get rooted phones on ad hoc , but they will not do it out-of-the-box ) blackberry devices ( running 5.0 or later software ) amazon kindles ( can see the network but cannot connect ) http://support.connectify.me/entries/20307637-does-connectify-run-on-windows-vista-or-windows-xp http://support.connectify.me/entries/20316691-access-point-mode-vs-ad-hoc-mode
yes : you can connect the phone to your computer via usb , click the notification on your phone to mount the usb storage to the pc , move downloaded apps from your computer to your phone ( easiest if you put them on the sd card ) , and browse on your phone to where you put the apps and click on them to install them . your phone should have a file browser , but if it does not i recommend explorer . you will need to enable unknown sources in Settings -&gt; Applications as well . you can download apps to your pc most easily from alternative markets like getjar . if you have installed something like download crutch so that you can download any type of file , or are using a non-stock browser that will ignore android 's restriction on downloads , then you can of course just download the . apk 's directly to your device and skip the pc .
use your phone to call a friend with caller id ( usually any mobile phone nowadays ) . take note of the incoming caller 's number . that is your number .
try using an alternative to the stock sms app like handcent sms . a cautionary note - turn off the auto delete option ( the option to auto delete messages older than x days ) . an additional note - since your sms store seems quite precious to you , i would also recommend sms backup and restore . it can backup your sms at scheduled intervals and also email / upload them to dropbox if need be .
it requires bluetooth 4.0 le , which is only in a few devices right now ( but that number will grow ) . if your device does not support bluetooth 4.0 le , you are out of luck . period . buy a new phone if you want to use a galaxy gear . updated friday , november 15th , 2013 another xda user has posted a very detailed and interesting walkthrough of the steps taken to get it to pair with his nexus 5 . it requires access to a samsung phone compatible with the gear , but it seems like a much better solution than the one above . not all of the steps he is taking seem necessary . here 's my version of the hack : connect your gear to a compatible samsung phone . pull the file /data/data/com.samsung.android.app.watchmanager/shared_prefs from the samsung phone and hold onto it for now . enable adb on the gear . using adb , modify the following file on the gear : /data/misc/bluedroid/bt_config.xml . find the lines where you should insert your phone 's data , replacing the samsung phone data . here 's an example with a nexus 5: &lt;N1 Tag="your n5 bt mac address"&gt; &lt;N1 Tag="Name" Type="string"&gt;Nexus 5&lt;/N1&gt;  reboot the gear . pair the gear with your non-compatible phone over bluetooth normally . sideload the gear manager application onto your phone . remember when we pulled that file from the samsung phone in step 2 ? push that file to the same directory on your phone . run gear manager . you are done ! the previous method is still listed below . a thread on xda developers ( many thanks to oleg , who posted this in his answer and deserves upvotes ) has interesting news ! the software needed has been identified , and the apk 's have been extracted . according to one user ( our hero , oleg ) , following the steps on the thread and using the files provided there allows you to pair the watch and unlock it with a nexus 4 . a basic description of the processis follows . . . install all the samsung apk 's from this upload , provided by xda user blazespinnaker . install com . sec . android . fotaprovider from the same upload . ( maybe not necessary ? ) run gear manager . if you have errors , close it and run it again ( ? ) . pair manually with your galaxy gear . note that this is still not a perfect solution . some features may not be working . however , you should apparently be able to unlock and enable adb ! i will update this answer as more information becomes known . but for the rest of your question ( about adb ) . this article indicates that you can enable adb mode on the galaxy gear itself , which is actually kind of exciting . the steps are simple . the article also has a helpful video ! swipe to " settings " scroll all the way down to " gear info " enable " usb debug " if you are on windows , you will doubtlessly need the samsung usb drivers . but other than that , you should be pretty much set !
thanks to this thread on xda developers , i have just paired my galaxy gear with the nexus 4 and was able to turn on the usb debugging . hope it helps .
i have gear and note 2 . i rooted my phone and watch : everything went ok . finally got internet on the gear bluetooth tether to my phone . got new kitkat on the note 2 . i installed null rom onto the gear . the gear with it original stock os rom sucks , its pure garbage . but with custom rom its a lot better . beware : rooting the gear you can mess it up .
if your real purpose is to improve battery life , you just can freeze them ( $6 dollars spent very well for titanium backup ) . if you do not want to spend money , i think you can use root uninstaller free , that includes " disable " option in the free version : all you have to do is to open it and disable the ones you do not want . it also includes backup and unistall options if you do not trust . ( backups to sdcard/rootuninstaller i think ) you just have to pay attenction to the ones you remove , bacause no official list is findable : just do not uninstall or freeze the app if its name does not convince you like opp , html visualizer , package installer , sim toolkit , . . . and so on . just do a complete backup of your device and , in the worst case , reset your phone . everything there requires root access
for the process to work , requirements are : titanium backup zip file , see below the license key file TitaniumBackup_license.txt . the idea being , is copy the license file and install the app onto the new device . caveat emptor this is only for legitimate licensed titanium backup owners . device is rooted usb cable plugged into device functioning copy of adb . step 1 . easiest way , is to generate the titanium backup zip file , tap menu scroll to the bottom , titled ' special features ' tap on " create ' update . zip ' " scripting type - edify default titanium backup will be installed as - user application default select the name of the output file - titaniumbackup-6.1.0 . zip tap that selection this will create the appropriate zip file on the /sdcard . pull that zip file across to your pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-6.1.0.zip . unzip it , the file to look for is data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk step 2 . pull the license file across to pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup_license.txt final step . now with both steps completed , it is a matter of : pushing the license file across to the new device as in adb push TitaniumBackup_license.txt /sdcard . it must be the root of the sdcard , anywhere else , it fails ! install the apk , as in adb install data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk now launch the titanium backup , it should pick up the license file and treat it as pro version . in the event it does not , its likely a very weird glitch in the application , try reboot the device , to see if it works , if not , report it to the developers . ( i have this problem on my xperia mini , have a valid license , and it does not recognize it despite having the license in the root directory of the sdcard ! ) the hardcore way this will apply to any app . gist of these steps , is to move the application to /system/app . remount the system as re-writeable , adb remount shell in via adb and invoke su , adb shell followed by su . move the app from the /data/app to /system/app directory for example : an app called fooBarApp its underlying name is /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk so without further ado : cp /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk /system/app/fooBarApp.apk ( we need to drop the -1 part of the name as system apps do not have them ) rm /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk ( to avoid duplication ! ) at this point , the ownership may get clobbered , or the permissions , for that matter , so make it chmod 644 /system/app/fooBarApp.apk reboot
just download adobe reader from google play store to get the correct version . if you want to copy over pdf files . just create your own directory under g:\download and copy to the mapped drive on your pc . make sure you turn on allow to be used as a usb drive .
if you have the android development kit ( see bottom ) then there is a super easy way to install an application from a file . all you need to do is start up a terminal and type : adb install -r &lt;your.apk&gt;  the -r function will replace an existing application with the same name . no fumbling around with sd cards and no searching your phone for transfered files . if you are an avid android user then i recommend getting the adk . how to install just adk binaries
you can download es file manager from google play store . here is the link
there are plenty of solutions available on the google playstore -- just search it for " headset control . having a philips headset , i use their philips headset and am really satisfied with it : one tap = pause/play , two-tap = forward 1 track , 3 tap = backward 1 track . long-tap ( hold it ) = volume up , tap and then long-tap = volume down . . . most of these apps follow that scheme , many also allow to customize it . jays headset control should be a good option as well , but did not work to well with my philips headset ; so if one does not do as expected , do not give up but try another .
can you check with the gps turned off for a while ? i have heard reports of heating and restarts most of which refer to multiple things being active increasing current demands from the dock . here are a few references , n1 heat issue while charging + gps ? at the nexusoneforum nexus one is overheating in car dock , becoming unresponsive ( google android forum ) here is a quote from the second link , have use car dock overheat problem before , but i solved the problem now ! the car dock 12v to 5v adaptor it can provide max . 2a current maximum , the phone voltage is 3.7v , when you use this adaptor direct connect to the phone car dock , the phone begin charging , the charging current supplied by car adaptor , if you at same time your phone operating like navigation ( gps , data ) or video streaming and just not the screen off , this time the phone 's power provided by car adaptor through the phone itself , therefore the current = charging current + operatin current provided by car adaptor . this probelm very easy to solve , you just need to buy usb car adaptor from car accessories shop , the usb car adaptor maximum supply current not more than 1a or less , and then buy a micro usb cable connnect to the car dock body , the overheat problem have been solved .
place it on the air conditioning vent and velcro it on . now you have a speed charger with no overheating . i had the same issue and this solved it .
you could try to do a factory reset and then try to check out your trouble with kies . note : backup all your data before the reset !
the htc one x version will not work on the htc one x+ , so if you want to install cyanogenmod , it'll have to be the unofficial build you link to .
adb commands work without root . however the /data partition is only accessible by rooted users* and while /system can be read by anyone , it is a read-only partition and root is needed to remount it as writable . *there is one exception . the/data/local folder is accessible by non-root users too . this folder is primarily used for temporary like when you install an app via adb . the only practical use for this folder is that you can use a custom bootanimation by pushing a bootanimation zip file here .
not sure if you are using a usb cable or some sort of wireless connection , or an hdmi cable . if you are using hdmi you should still be able to see your tablets screen . also , check the input/output settings for your tv .
i had a simliar problem , where a certain person did not appear on viber ( in the all tab ) , however i am using the stock application all around . it was solved by changing the group assigned to the contact ( originally it had no group assigned , and i assigned it to my contacts ) .
this is an official representative of viber media . the source of this issue could greatly vary . please read this short page in our helpdesk , quoted below outlining some possible workarounds that will help reboot synchronization of the contact list : android : contact list is not showing your friends as viber users ? make sure you are using the latest version of viber . you can download the latest version from http://www.viber.com/ make sure that you are looking at the viber contact list , not your device 's contact list . in order for your contacts to see you as a viber user and be able to call you through viber , your phone number , which is saved on their address book , must be the exact same number that you used to register to viber and vice- versa . try tapping on the ' more ' tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " once you installed viber , if you do not see someone in your contact list whom you know to have viber , it might be that the list is not updated ( this may be due to an unstable connection during setup , or just a slight delay ) . to update your contact list , re-sync it by re-initiating viber or by manually updating your contacts list . you do not need to uninstall and reinstall viber . shut viber down ( so that it no longer runs in the background ) or turn the phone off , and then re-open it . if this does not work , try the following steps : send the user an invite and if the number is a registered viber user , it will automatically update the viber contact list . enter into your viber contact list , then select the device 's menu button , and tap on " update contacts " . then just click your device ' home ' button . viber will run in the background . in about 30 min . to an hour , check again by clicking on the viber icon . confirm that you have an active internet connection . dial a number manually , using the viber keypad delete the contact with the missing viber badge from your contact list . add it again and make sure to include the country code . the phone number format should include the plus sign , country code , cell code and phone number . the standard format is : + ( country code ) - ( cell code ) - ( phone number ) for example : +1-555-555-5555 for more questions or technical support , please visit our official helpdesk . from the faq : try tapping on the " more " tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " .
i noticed that a contact is recognized when i remove it from all contact groups . when i add the contact back to a group , it disappears again in viber . so this is a rather unpleasant workaround , but technically it would work ( at least for me ) .
go to rom manager and flash an older version of clockwork recovery . then flash the latest version of it . does that help ? otherwise : do you get any sort of error messages ?
go into : settings language and keyboard settings samsung keyboard keypad types , tap that there is various styles , 3x4 keypad is probably selected , the one you need is qwerty keyboard .
in the official htc ics rom for htc desire s , it is possible to encrypt the sd card in addition to the internal storage . it seems likely that the same would be true for the htc desire hd . i have not been able to find details of how this encryption is done , yet . with an encrypted sd card it is possible to mount the device as a removable disk when plugged in via a usb cable -- i do this myself for backups . i assume that the sd encryption uses the same passphrase as the internal storage encryption as no other passphrases are required . it could conceivably be done using some internal passphrase invisible to the user , though i would be surprised .
according to the official twitter feed , their website is having problems right now . try it again later . mightytext is a reputable piece of software , so while we can not say for sure what they are doing with your information ( like any other closed-source software ) , you should not assume it is malware just because it is not working as it should . see also this venn diagram illustrating the situation :
to answer your questions : am not aware of any android version where the dalvik was not invalidated on boot . maybe the initial version 1.0 had that , i really do not know , have gone through eclair , froyo , gingerbread , ice cream sandwich . you need to look into the source tree and rebase it back to cupcake or donut ( 1.5 and 1.6 respectively ) the detailed reason : ) the reason the wipe cache must be used is because all apks , including system apks , have a dex file attached to it , when the rom is booted up for the first time , android 's dalvik goes through each and every one of those apks , and extract the dex file from it and place it in the cache /data/dalvik-cache thereby speeding up the execution of the app itself . most roms have apks that are odex ' ed , the cache is bundled into the apk itself as an external file . a lot of custom rom modders would have those apks deodex ' d , meaning the dex file is replaced and repackaged to make it easier to theme/modify an apk . when you flash a custom rom , and did not wipe the cache , the newer custom rom 's apk 's will have a different dex file attached to it , and when the dalvik goes through them , it sees the existing cached dex file found in the directory , and skips it , then when you run the app , you are guaranteed a force close or anr ( application not responding ) . you are not losing data per se , if using clockworkmod recovery , and wipe data is selected , then yes , all the settings relating to the apps are wiped cleanly - look in /data/app . so you can wipe cache but not wipe data , what is done effectively , is slotted in the newer apks in place , in which it has the settings retained . this was quite a common scenario with cyanogenmod nightlies where a unstable/testing rom build is flashed , and the settings retained with cache wipe . the mileage will vary depending on what apps downloaded from the market ( settings would have changed by version bump quite likely ) . for best results it would be wise to perform both wipe data and wipe cache to ensure integrity and no program errors within the app itself . yes that would mean the boot time would be slower but its initial once off moment . after that it would be booting quicker . really in a nutshell , explicitly wiping the cache itself via cwm actually helps speed it up and ensure no residue from the previous version in place which could get munged in ( now at this stage , am realizing your question so in all fairness , have not actually seen android not performing the invalidating of the cache itself upon boot when flashing a new rom . . ) use the source luke seriously ! :d frameworks/base/core/java/com/android/internal/os/ZygoteInit.java is the bootup code for each apk runtime . it interacts with the native c code found in the dalvik directory tree which contains specific chipset instructions to interpret the bytecode within the apk to native cpu instruction set . armv6 is pretty much a hacked version of armv5 ( which was the original chipset in the older android versions prior to eclair ) , so you will not see armv6 in the aosp source from google . cyanogenmod will have that armv6 in their source .
the nexus 4 does not officialy support usb otg . it is possible with a custom kernel . but for this you need to unlock your bootloader .
nexus 4 does not officially support usb otg . but rooting and modding the software can do the trick . here 's a handy guide i found !
a search for " mysql " on the stores can answer this : there are several packages available , usually together with a web server and php . best candidates are probably androphp and palapa . my list of web servers with scripting support also have some of them ( e . g . the two i mentioned ) , together with links to reviews , video demos , etc – which might make your decision easier .
power saving mode will disable the gps when the screen is locked . disable power saving mode in settings .
most phones use data downloaded from the cell network to speed up the initial position fix when you turn on gps : without these data , it can take several minutes to first get the position , as the gps receiver has to download all the ephemeris data ( i.e. . the latest updates/corrections about the satellites ' orbits ) via the low-bandwidth gps connection . using the cell network to download these data only takes a few seconds , and then you can get a gps fix right away if you have good visibility . it does not actually use the internet at all , which is why it is not affected by the mobile data setting , but since it does download data over your cellular connection , some carriers choose to bill for this as mobile data . see also what is assisted gps ? on this site .
your assumption that contacts , sms and call logs are automatically saved to the sd card was incorrect . they are indeed stored on the internal memory of the device . /data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/ is the most likely storage location . that can change though , depending on android os version , manufacturer/carrier modifications , or even 3rd-party apps that you use in place of built-in contacts/phone/messaging apps . unless you synced your contacts to your google account , backed up sms and call logs , they are now lost after a factory reset .
it is possible to retrieve your contacts as google may have backed it up . just add your google account to the phone and when sync is enabled the contacts will be back . but sms and call logs may not restored . also from now on use any app to backup contacts , sms , call logs etc . you can use super backup from play store .
you can always try flashing the 4.3 factory image if data preservation is not a problem . grab the image from google , then follow these instructions
maybe you cant . but you can shake your phone to change tracks . try fusion . it has wave control too .
to firewall , you need a root , as it modifies the iptables and filters the network stack . the iptables comes with droidwall which is btw , an excellent tool and a must have if your rom is rooted : ) edit : just checked mine , in theory its possible to create a script to modify the iptables to block the domain calendar . google . com whilst allowing play . google . com to pass through . droidwall 's set of rules are a bit too generic though , but you can most certainly set the custom script by hitting menu from within droidwall itself and use it to suit your custom needs : ) the ip address for calendar . google . com is 173.194.33.37 . and for play . google . com is 173.194.33.37 . sure they are the same , but you need to find out what port is the calendar using , same for play . linky here that explains how to do add custom script .
check this forum out , since you are rooted now : sgs2 i9100g keeps disconnecting from wifi after installing firmware xxlpq try installing a new kernel ( usually found on xda ) .
you should do the following : select one e-mail ( check mark next to the mail ) click on " menu " ( top right corner ) and " select all " now you can delete all emails
ability to restore deleted entries really varies from each calendar . assuming you made your entries to google calendar and did not sync it to the cloud , then no it is not possible to restore it .
getting to your external in file manager hd is . . . not very obvious . the only way i am aware of to get to it is to hit the Home button at the top right on the action bar ( not the android os button in the bottom left ) and then hit Up . this should put you at /mnt , so you can get to the external at /mnt/external1 . the " storage " shortcut on the left pane also takes me there , but i do not think it is always operated like that in the past . i might be mis-remembering there , though . if " storage " takes you to /mnt/sdcard then you can hit " up " from there to get back to /mnt . as for copying , the external card was originally read-only by default . now it seems to exist in some kind of weird limbo ( at least for me ) and i am not entirely sure how the permissions are designed . file manager hd shows its permissions as dr- ( that is , read-only directory ) but it lets me paste files there anyway . nonetheless , if you are rooted you can use something like microsd mounter as an easy way to remount it rw ( it works fine for me ) . i should probably also note that the above is on android 3.2.2 , after getting verizon 's lte upgrade . the permissions may still be read-only for xooms in other regions , but i am not sure . mine could also just be read/write because i am using a custom kernel and boot image ( do not remember if it was in there ) .
well that is strange timing ! just received an update notification on the tablet , installed the update and suddenly i can copy files to the sd card , delete files from the sd card and create folders on the sd card with no problem ! this was using the built-in files app . it is still saying my android version is 3.2 , but the build number has updated to h . 6.6-23 , so can only assume this is an update to the drivers or motorola 's software rather than the os itself . found a thread on the xoom owner 's forum mentioning it another uk update ? i just received another update to my uk wi-fi xoom . i already had the original 3.2 update . i did not really catch the update number , but the release notes appeared looked to be the same as the previous big update . it was very small ( only 1 or 2 k ! ) . i could only really think of one reason this might have been sent out , so tried copying from the internal memory to /mnt/external1 ( a 32 gb sd card ) and it worked ! so it looks like this was probably a fault that they have pushed out a fix for , rather than any design problem .
yes i used to have this problem , where the phone connects once and then again i connect and face the same problem as you , then again i restart my phone and it is ok . this happens if you disconnect your phone with out ejecting the drive properly , one remedy is reset . but mine is ok after a few times , hope yours will be too .
its the resolution setting . that or your tv/monitor does not support the default setting . i was switching mine to all the different sizes and switched it to one my monitor did not support . was a total pain to switch back as i flipped it to some off size . just try every tv/monitor you can find until it comes up . i have noted on a few occasions , it does not seem like its booting up right away , i had to unplug and wait a minute , then retry .
there is currently no way to apply a user stylesheet with the default android browser . if you firefox is not available on your phone , you could install the apk manually , but it may not work since it is not supported . you could download the opera browser , connect it to remote debugging using the dragonfly debugger , and then manually apply the stylesheet via debugging--but there are a lot of steps to that and you would have to add the stylesheet on every page load . this may not be a solution depending on what your needs are for the user stylesheet .
there are two ways for something similar if all you want is black background and white text for absolutely all sites , go to about:config and disable use page colors . then set background and foreground colors to what you want . if you require a more complex stylesheet , install stylish add on , and either use your css locally or upload to the site the extension uses . case 1 will be crappy for forms . for some reason forms and the screens like add on screen or the annoying and useless mandatory home screen are not affected . forms are affected by option 2 , but add on and home screen , again , are not .
charge/discharge cycles are mostly irrelevant for li-ion batteries . the main source of capacity loss is simply time . a li-ion battery sitting unused in storage will lose 15-20% of its capacity per year ( see charts on page 4 ) . any minor losses from cycling is going to get drowned out by that .
there are apps that disables the lock scren when you are connected to certain wifi or when your phone cell is connected to certain tower or as per your requirement , on gps . i believe , but not sure , tasker can do it with gps . but why not use the wifi address to disable unlock . i reckon it will be more useful than gps . look at http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/automatically-disable-android-lockscreen-when-connected-to-home-wifi/ for automatically disabling locks creen on wifi . also do not forget to check llama , awesome and free location based profile management . you can do tons of stuff based on what cell tower you are connected to .
it downloads them to your sd card . i do not use google listen but i installed it and downloaded a podcast . it put it in : /sdcard/com.google.android.apps.listen/downloads  the name of the file might be something odd so you might need to rename them but that is where they are all located .
you can put a default notification in the web google calendar . ( settings -> calendars -> notifications ) . if you select " popup notification " , a notification ( with sound ) will be launch on your phone too . all events created in this calendar will have this default notification .
my native calendar app on my droid 1 running 2.2 has an option to set the default reminder time in the app settings . all my events have this reminder unless i specify otherwise . you can also set this on the web calendar .
i found an app : business calendar beta ( free ) that support default reminder .
if you are speaking about free as the french isp . . . the freebox is an adsl modem that the french isp free provides to his client . it includes a modem / nas / tv and other funny stuff . . . it provides also multimedia features like photo gallery and video player 1 it presents a nas system accessible thru ftp , and other protocole . to answer to your question , you can install a ftp client on your mobile and connect directly to your server to put your photos . but the prerequisite is a configured server . . . to go further and help you to configure all stuff , we need to know which version of freebox do you have , v5 or v6 ( hd ) you can find a really good tutorial in french on this page : 2 an extract of configuration needed for the hd version . you need to configure your freebox server if it is not already done via the following site : mafreebox . freebox . fr/ the freebox server is accessible thru the following parameters / put it into your android ftp client : address : mafreebox . freebox . fr login : freebox password configured one on : mafreebox . freebox . fr
